["This product came promptly and as described, pleasure doing business with them!-d", "good price, very good material and excellent design, very useful for traveling, totally recomendation this use this product, to buy this", "I love this watch, i use every day, every where, to work, to go to the gym, pool, sports, etc. Evething,everywhere, all the time. so Good !", "Very nice watch for a teenager, it has a pretty blue backlight and looks so nice when you wear it.", "This is a great watch.  It is comfortable and waterproof.  I wore out the first one and purchased the exact same one.  Great Product and I always get compliments.", "I love this watch.  Easy to wear to work and for every day. It is a great watch.  I wish Nike still was making it.", "I had this watch for exactly 12 DAYS, exactly. I liked the features and the size and weight etc. It was just what I wanted. Until today when I smacked the watch accidentaly against an metal door frame at work and all the buttons stopped functioning! I got home and removed the battery, then tried to reset the watch following the manufatures instructions. No good. But because I bought it for very little it's cheaper to buy a new one than to try to get this one fixed! Not the kind of durability I was exspecting from a name brand. So call me just slightly disapointed with the product.", "I love the styling of this watch. It is NOT a woman's watch though! I bought it for my wife and kept it for myself when it arrived. Great styling - people comment on it all the time. The band is a pain to take off. Recommend.", "I've had this watch for about a year and a half, and for a long time, I really loved it. The best things about it are:1. Comfortable band. It's rugged, but flexible.  And it has a great strap-end keeper that fixes to the end of the strap so you never have to adjust it.2. Distinctive styling. With the large, circular bezel, it has a real distinctive, minimalist style.3. Good functions.  It has all the functions you'd want in a basic digital watch.But there have been some major problems with the build quality on this watch.  Two of the buttons have stopped working.  The illumination button stopped working pretty shortly into the life of the watch.  It wasn't the worst thing in the world, as I never really needed the illumination function.  I assumed it was a fluke, so I didn't send the watch in.  Then one of the other buttons stopped working, so now I can't reset the time on the watch.  It's useless now.  And I wasn't rough on the watch . . . the buttons just stopped working suddenly.At such a cheap price, I'm not expecting the world.  But I think the buttons should last longer on a watch like this.  I wouldn't recommend buying it.", "i had some problems with this order, the bill didn't arrive with the watch to the p.o. box and it couldn't be sent to my country as it was supossed to, when i finally recieved this watch (after sending several emails to solve the situation) it just didn't work, i had to spent money to fix it.", "I have been buying these Nike runner's watches for decades and love them.  It is always the built-in straps (wristbands) that are the weak links and so necessitate replacement.  In this latest version, I noticed that the strap was too tight relative to the buckle and the slide.  So I put the watch on my workbench and, using a single edge razor blade, CAREFULLY shaved about 1/16 inch from one edge of the strap.  Now the watch goes on and off my wrist easily and, as always, it keeps perfect time.The instructions for setting the watch are a bit complex, but you get used to it.  With a quartz mechanism it keeps better time than a Rolex.", "The product never arrived. The vendor told me it was US postal service issue. The US postal service was of no help. i paid for a product I never received. I won't use Amazon ever again and will advise others the same.", "Im happy with this watch so far. In my type of work I always need a durable watch. I used to be a big timex watch fan, but the last two timex watches I bought were poorly made. My father bought me a timex when I was 15 and the watch was great. I had to replace the straps twice before the watch became obsolete. Then I decided to buy another timex. hence my comment on the last two timex watches I bought. So far this watch is great. The display is huge and is also easily seen at night. The alarm is loud and the controls are easy.", "The watch is great! Came in a few days and was in brand new condition, as expected.", "This watch is sporty, lightweight, easy to take on and off.  I'm a nurse and wash my hands often so it is truly perfect.  I only wish the second hand was darker (and therefore more visible) which is why I rated it 4 stars.", "Watch was very small and barely fit my 6 year-old daughter's wrist.  And she has a small frame!  Strange.", "The digital numbers were impossible to see I don't know if there was something wrong with the watch but the glare was terrible.  I sent this watch back.", "My last watch was a nike digital but when I took it to get the battery replaced the jeweler forgot to replace the water barrier and I ended up frying it in our pool. I loved that watch so much so that I ended up going with this Nike to keep it all in the family.It's alot bigger than the other but it has alot more features as well, I have tiny wrists so the bulk does bother me a bit. The features outweigh it though.The compass is self calibrating and I must say that it worked fine for me on a city street as well as a mountain, though I did find that I had to recalibrate it if I moved too far away from when I first set it. It only takes a moment though and was pretty darned accurate compared to my compass.The altimeter worked fine for me too, but I've only used it once while mountain climbing.I'm a runner and I use this watch only sparringly for that since its pretty large. It does have a nice Crono feature for it though.Overall a fine watch! Would certainly recommend.", "Great look, fit very well , you won't remember you have it until you need it , unisex, my wife and me both have used it", "I Love this watch.  My only problem is it's fit.  I have very small wrists.  I wish there was a way to adjust the fit a little tighter.  Right now I wear it kind of like a bangle bracelett.  I'm not sure if that was how it was intended to be.  I still Love the look.  Sporty and simple.  I've wore it dressed up and casual.  I totally recommended this watch...excepted if your not looking for bracelett type fit.", "First off, the bad. It is a heavy watch, not great for running with (wear one on each wrist?), playing the bongos, or hammering (I guarantee that it will leave bruises!) Take it off if you plan to do alot of clapping, too.That said, the watch is wonderful. I have ruined about 5 Triaxes with the rubber bands (and the bands are hard to find and not cheap.) Suprisingly comfortable once you get used to the weight. Versatile - two time zones, power saver (3 years on one battery), lighted, multiple timers (one for the dishwasher to avoid the dry cycle, one for my daughter's piano practicing, etc.), two alarms. Takes a beating! Both the watch and band are tough - like remove tile from the bathroom walls and floors tough - and it still cleans up very nicely. I have scratched the case a bit staggering into bare concrete walls with a ladder and such, but the watch still gets compliments. The crystal shows no scratches. I have been swimming many times in the ocean with it and it hasn't complained or drowned.I took off a star because of the weight, and the fact that it isn't a Rolex.", "Perfect size gym back for a typical gym locker.  Can hold a pair of sneakers, pants/shorts, towel, and shirts.  Has one compartment for all your shower needs.", "This was to replace the same watch that my husband had had for 4 years before it just stopped.  We replaced the battery but it only worked for a few days and stopped again.  My husband loves this watch and was really heart broken when it stopped working.  It was a fathers day gift from his son.  So I looked on Amazon and found it.  I ordered it in Feb. and gave it to him for Valentines day.  Her was very very happy. :)", "This is a goodlooking watch, but it doesn't have backlight as previous information detailed. I have searched for several sites and it doesn't have information about how backlight works on this watch.", "Okay, the good things first. There are no parts extending from the watch or band so that it works well for a potter. It's a lovely blue, one piece, all is just fine. The only bad part is that is loses a couple of minutes a week but I've learned how to reset the time and can live with that.", "My wife wears this watch all the time and it never catches on her clothing or anything else she is reaching for.  When it's bedtime for our son, she is able to check the time without turning on the bright lights.  Great find.", "This watch is very cute. It is described as being a petite watch but that is a polite word for saying it is a children's watch. I am not sure why Nike chose to make such a small band width. Even if you are very petite you might want to try to find this in a store to try on before ordering online.", "This is the first watch I've ever found that actually fits my wrist!  It doesn't slip or slide or need any links taken out.  An eye-catching red it's so light weight and durable.  There are those of us who have very small wrists.  If you are one, this watch is perfect!!!", "I am 5'2 and petite and this watch fits my wrist perfectly. i have a hard time finding watches that i dont need to get links taken out of and bracelets are even worse, so i was ecstatic to find this which is great. I have had more compliments on this watch than any other! It's great! I think the above reviewer is just a fatty. It's waterproof, it has a stopwatch, and it has a useless little screensaver thing which is fun to show off.edit: after 2 years, this watch pooped out on me. The time started getting off, so I took it to a jeweler and he changed the battery. It didn't work and I had to throw the watch away. Now I can't find this style anywhere and I've basically gone a year without any watch at all. I really wish Nike would make more of these. Beware of buying fakes online. Nike only made these for about 3 years and some of the colors I've seen were NOT released by Nike. If you read some of these reviews, they have complaints like the face falling off, condensation inside of the screen, and these are only problems with the fake ones. I never had any such problem with the real thing. Maybe if everyone starts requesting nike make more of these they will do it!", "I bought this for my 16 year old cousin, and I am sure it is going to be the perfect gift for her ...Pros1) Looks a lot better in real than in the pic..2) The watch material is very good quality , Not quality cheap plastic..3) The packing is very good, and that makes this more attractive as a gift.Cons.Nothing obivious.", "a good looking shoe but not to be recommended to buy unseen and untried. For the size on the shoe, it is SMALL and therefore a v tight fit. I would not buy this brand again via the internet", "This product was exactly what I expected. The fit is comfortable and I would recommend this product to occasional golfers.", "My husband liked the colors of these shoes, but the width was wrong. Did not have this shoe in a 7 wide, so I ordered him a B width. He said they hurt his feet. Took them to a shoe repair shop and had them stretched twice. Didn't help. Giving them to the Goodwill. It was too late to have them sent back.", "Very nice look & feel to the shoe. Soft comfortable sole. Now if only my swing would feel as comfortable as my feet felt during my tournament.", "The shoes are very comfortable and fit good.The \"rope\" type laces are hard to keep tied tight.  I am going to buy some regular laces.", "shoes got to my house earlier than expected. only had the chance to use them once but it was on a wet course and never lost my footing and are more comfortable than some tennis shoes i have owned in the past.", "The shoes fit perfect. I love them glad I didnt pay attention to the comments about them being to narrow.", "Great fit your just have to buy a 1/2 size higher. The shoe very comfortable and grips well....its truly an all weather shoe and its cleans easily.", "comfortable low profile shoes that are great for holing you to the ground. Like the feel and certainly the price. Would recommend to golfers who don't want to spend a lot of $$, but want a nice shoe", "Shoes do not fit like traditional Nike golf shoes... almost felt defective.  Ended up giving them away because they were so uncomfortable the first time I wore them on the field.  Would not recommend.", "Great shoes and my grandson loves them and will help him with his golf.  He now no longer uses my shoes.", "They are confortable to wear and are of quality construction. They haven't helped my golf game though! I guess shoes aren't my problem!", "I only did standard shipping.  I ordered on May 1 and they got to the house May 3rd.  It&#8217;s a Nike Golf shoe can&#8217;t go wrong and the price was good.  I think they may run about a half size small.  I don&#8217;t care I will stretch them out.  I am not a huge golfer this is more for work functions.", "Very pleased with how easy it was.  Purchase arrived in a very timely fashion...shoes fit very well cant wait to use them this spring.", "Best shoes I have ever owned.  They look amazing!! And, they feel and fit perfectly.  I would buy again and again.", "Excellent Shoes, very comfortable and nice. This case is wide and smooth when you are walking with tem. Really recommended", "Sent wrong color shoes. Sent white when I ordered black but I had to use them anyway because of time. Not very happy. Shoes are good quality though", "Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my cousin as he just started picking up golf as a sport. The package arrived on time and the shoes were the kind my cousin was looking for.", "It is better than I thought.Size and design is good.It has air cushion.when I play a golf in long time, I think it is good.", "So glad I bought these. They are extremely comfortable and worth the price which is reasonable. Shipped quick and the shoes look great and fit well. Awesome golf shoes!", "These shoes turned out to be a very pleasant surprise.  Excellent fit and comfort with everything you would expect from a Nike product.", "The shoes look great and the process was smooth and eazy. I recommend the buyer look closely at the size of online shoes and know what will fit your foot and in what brands. Nike usually run narrow, but this time the wide shoe make me feel kind of awkward. I will still see you on the green with them!!", "I had a pair just like this for like 10 years, but got sick of gluing the bottom back on. Granted I don't think golf shoes are supposed to last that long, and I play golf 40+ times a year usually. Anyway, these were the ones that looked as similar to the last ones I had, so I bought them. And I am very happy I did. I've tried other shoes, but they just don't have the comfort that the Nike ones seem to have. I do think a lot of it is that I wear size 15... So my options aren't as plentiful as most. Anyway, these shoes are extremely comfortable, and grip really well, and I really like the way they look. There is almost no way of me getting any golf shoe that isn't Nike ever again. These are as comfortable as my every day shoes, with exactly the performance and grip I expect out of my golf shoes. I strongly recommend these.", "I have had these shoes for 3 months now and am really pleased with them!!! They are so comfortable and keep my feet dry during wet conditions. Highly recommend them!! Excellent price!!", "....If you want a watch that looks CHEAP, this is it!.....and it's so small for being a man size watch", "Comfortable fit.  Wore in the ocean and pool and worked great", "They copied off of Kobe's  shoes. The nike zoom atteroes on the other hand it has really good ankle support.The shoes foam will rip if it skidded.", "Shoes arrived clean and laced up, ready to go!  They were in excellent condition from the box.  They are very comfortable to wear.", "Just as expected. This pair is perfect for work and are very comfortable. Great price and great product. Very nice.", "Too tight which makr it uncomfortable, I think the size may not be accurate. Esthetically it is not bad. But it fit weirdly in my feet", "They seem like super-cheap Chinese shoes. Not usual Nike quality. First of all, I normally wear 10.5s and got these in that size - they are WAY too tight. Quality seems thin and flimsy. Next time I'll spend more and get either higher model Nike or a different brand.", "Great shoes, received in excellent condition. Got a .5 size larger for a better fit. They fit fantastic and are very durable. Definitely recommend as an outdoor running shoe", "Is is a good shoe, I was playing football and I needed something comfortable for when we ran sprints and miles. Good fit and very comfortable.", "My teenage son is a fan of Nike shoes.  I myself do not buy Nike footwear but he thinks they are very comfortable, stylish and this color of gray hides a lot!  They will look new for quite some time due to the nice dark gray color!", "Looked better than i expected it fit wonderful and very cumffy u should buy best shoe good price why not", "I have a lot of pairs of running shoes, and these are a nice addition to my collection. To me, they feel like a more casual shoe, than a pure running shoe, so I wear them to the gym when I'm going to loft. I use my Ascics or Pumas to run in.Shoe is well constructed and looks great. Size may run a fraction small. I wear a ten and a half,but probably should have got an eleven.A really nice shoe that is well worth the money.", "I ordered a 9.5 but when I tried them on they felt like a size ten I lay awake in regret wonder what could have been... other than its a pretty decent running shoe.", "Now, with Nike shoes make sure to add a half size i.e. If you are 8.5 then order a 9.  These shoes are light, really comfortable with great heel cushioning, and they look great. Perfect for jogging, gym, cross training, or going out. Very happy with my purchase", "I love hess shoes. I do Taebo and run daily. These shoes are really light weight and can take a beating. They are really good!", "super comfy! best shoes I've bought in quite some time! nice and light, good breathability and comfortable right out of the box- no breaking in required!", "My boyfriend really love it,Those are a comfortable pair of shoes, really soft like a cloud on your feet", "very good tennis, I love the nike brand is very good quality and presentation. I recommend it. would return to buy this brand.", "I ordered a half size larger than I wear in a dress show and I am not sure this large enough, had not had time to wear around the house to try out as I got them just before leaving on a trip where I wanted to wear them, but on first trying them out of the box I felt they were too small. I will try again before deciding to keep or return", "Can't really complain about these shoes - they were relatively cheap, comfortable and semi-stylish.. I'd definitely buy another pair of these when they wear out.", "This shoe is inaccurately sized at 11 1/2 - too small. I should have returned them, but thought they would have stretched. They did, but not enough. Wearable, but not quite right. Have bought dozens of running shoes at 11 1/2 size (I wear an 11 street shoe) and this one is way on the left end of the bell curve of fits.", "I FOUND THESE AND ORDERED THEM IN 2 DIFFERENT COLORS. MY SON LOVED THEM&#8230;THE PRICE WAS GREAT. HE LOVES THE FIT. THEY ARE LIGHTWEIGHT AND COMFORTABLE. I WILL DEFINITELY BE ORDERING MORE...", "These are pretty good shoes. I ended up getting the Black and Red ones in size 11. They fit well lengthwise but a little on the narrow side. Bought them elsewhere since they were a little cheaper than on here.", "Purchased as a gift.  Shoe fit very comfortably.  Recipient LOVED them.  Found new faith in buying shoes online.  Thanks.  Love it", "what I expected", "I them them very much, although they are a tad small, I think the next size bigger would have been too big.", "I wore them within ten minutes of delivery.  Normally I don't do that, but they looked &#34;cool&#34;, so I did.They fit great and have good arch support.  As I am writing this, I think I'll see about getting a second pair.I know it won't take long and it's cheaper than the stores I was at.", "Awesome just what I ordered nike always has the best shoes Adidas suck because the are not nike quality shoes!", "green rubber is already falling off the shoe after 3 months of wearing them comfortable but glue they use for this model is no good", "The color is great, which is what attracted me to these shoes. Comfy & Light.  Nice fit, as always Nike shoes are the best in comfort.  Good job Nike!", "These shoes are pretty sturdy and provide enough support for me (a heavy-ish runner).  Nikes I buy tend to wear out quickly, but these seem solid.", "They fit right my father love them! The are very nice! They are very comfortables for walk! He like them!", "Son is typically buying Reebok shoes, & this brand is Niko brand, & the sizing was very different - much bigger.", "Fit as expected. So far they are pretty comfortable to run in which is key for me getting out there.", "Great shoe .... Better than what I expected! Great fit and also very comfortable! I would recommend to anybody! &#128077;&#128077;", "The shoes are very comfortable and light and they really meet my expectations. Very recommendable for training  and short runnings.", "Full disclosure is that I didn't purchase this shoe from Amazon, but I love it so much I wanted to log on and tell others.  I'm not a huge runner, but for the past 10 years have always bought running shoes as my everyday athletic shoes as I love the comfort of them.10 years ago I made a switch over to New Balance shoes and was hooked on them.  Only problem is that over the past year I have been walking to and from work in NYC almost every day logging about 3 miles in them daily.  As many of you probably know NYC is the best place to tear apart your shoes of any type. My last two pairs of New Balance only lasted about a year, and we starting to feel a bit heavy and clunky.  I had been reading great reviews about the Nike sneakers, and literally picked up a pair at a store one day and was surprised at how lightweight they were.I decided to give them a try, and so far (3 weeks) I am very happy with them.  They are extremely light weight, very breathable (they don't make my feet sweat, which I can have a problem with in many shoes), and very comfortable to walk in.  My wife picked these up for me while I was at work, and I was worried that the size 13 would either be too big, or too small (leaning on the too small size since a lot of people were talking about that), however, I would have to say these are a true to size 13.I'll check in to update my review in a few months, but so far these are amazing!The only thing I changed up with the shoes was swapped out the red laces for black laces.  Makes the shoes a little bit more subdued, however the red tongue still has some pop!Excellent buy, especially for the price!", "Great shoes for the price, I work out 5 days a week doing weights and cardio. They are comfortable and cool looking, I received several compliments.", "My son picked these out because of the color and style and he prefers Nike.  Since he has wide feet, we picked out the 4E wide size.  They're very comfortable, he says.  He's worn them every single day for about 3 weeks straight.  He loves them so much he probably would wear them to sleep!", "They are great shoes for me to where anywhere and work in them numerous days a week.  They are nice and comfortable and never hurt my feet.  Great shoes and nice price too!", "Gr8 fit, and feel. gr8 color combinations a very style strong shoe enjoying them. Would like to see more color combinations.", "so far these have worked out although they are a bit tight and I ordered them half a size up so that was weird but other than that I really love these they are light and really an awesome brand I have always liked Nike because of there great quality and low price amazing shoes definitely would recommend them :)", "I can never find cool looking sneakers in wides in 13's.Oh wait i did.These are nice just fit snug.", "These are a good looking pair of shoes, they fit well and feel pretty good and for a good price. My right foot doesn't fit as well but I can't decide if it's due to my feet or the shoe.", "nike quality, feels and look great ! i use them as a everyday kind of shoes and no regrets whats o ever !", "Comfortable, but could be wider through the toes. My big toe on each foot occasionally goes over the sole when changing direction (even walking), which can be rather unpleasant after awhile. Even though I wear a 15 in Nike basketball sneakers, 14 in this style was mostly adequate, and was the proper length.", "I have never had a problem with buying Nike. These are great for walking and running. Very comfortable and great cushioning", "These shoes have classic Nike good looks and are real head turners - very sharp. This makes a great running shoe. They do tend to run about half a size small so it's best to order slightly larger.", "Nice shoe, nice fit, Looks like a tennis ball got murdered to make the laces, so they'll see you coming. Wide Nikes fit me well, I can't wear the regular size, which isn't true for any other company so I was glad to get these in wide.", "This is a nice looking watch. I've had good luck with durability with other Nike watches in the past. One negative thing about the watch is the date information is very small and difficult to set and see. The other major problem I had with this watch is that it stopped working after less than a month of ownership.", "Nice looking watch and my boyfriend loves it.I appreciate recieving this product on a timely manner.", "Great for playing sports or working out. Its small, it does its job, and comfortable.", "I love the Nike Presto Cee watches.  They're really easy to put on and take off and they look great.  My only hitch as an online buyer is that you HAVE TO KNOW WHAT SIZE they are.  It's tough to buy these watches without knowing their size.  The small, for example, is really small.  It fits my wrists which are about 5 1/2 to 6 inches around.", "I am really happy with this watch even though i bought it as a gift for my daughter not myself....I decided to keep it since it fits perfectly on my small wrist.  She has a average size wrist and it was too tight and uncomfortable.  I ended up receiving a new watch for myself instead of the gift I had planned on having for her.  That is the only problem with the purchase.  The watch looks and runs great!", "I bought the same watch a few years back for my wife.  She loved it.  Then my dog chewed it up and my wife wanted to buy another just like it.  I don't think Nike makes these watches anymore, but you can still get it from some retailers.", "I love this watch and I wear it from Memorial Day to Labor Day.  I wish I could find it in clear.", "size is extra small, so measure your wrist before buying, you can use something soft like a rope or belt and then apply it to the ruler.my wrist is 5inches/12.5 cm  - it fits very well, can move up or down 2-3 inches, fits 1 extra finger in,  and is comfortable to take off/put on.be careful to not to get it scratched (as you reach inside of a zippered bag etc), the band is clear, so any big scratch or crack will be noticeable.", "It was just a little deceiving, because the picture makes me think it is a transparent watch. But it is gray and then the ends are transparent (the part showing in the picture is transparent indeed). Works very well, I love Presto from NIKE, I've had several, the problem is that eventually the plastic could break! That is why I got my self this replacement. Also too bad Nike doesn't make them anymore! =(", "I forgot that I purchased these through Amazon. They lasted about 5 years of rugged use (beach volleyball, canoe trips, daily wear).  A great lens with wonderful sun blocking ability for my face.  I still keep them around even though they are scratched beyond use and the rubber ends to the earpieces are gone.", "Perfect fit, look, quality. Great for every day use including jogging or sports.So comfortable I forget I am wearing them!", "Hey!! I read the reviews here, but boy were we dissapointed:  First of all, the time was very hard to read - very faint.  The light was very very dim also.  The buttons take quite of bit of effort to make them work - not very smooth, so it is a chore to set.  The crystal is elevated, so it is always exposed to be scratched, and I'm always cleaning paint or other stains from it so the kid can see the time.  Finally, the bloody thing just froze up and we can't make it work.  Just tossed it in the donations bin, and got a hard to find Casio calculator watch that the kid really enjoys and appreciate for checking homework.Casio CA53W-1 Mens Black 8 Digit Calculator with Resin Band Watch", "My grandson loved the Nike watch I gave him....it was a good purchase and the \"in\" thing for a sports minded boy!", "Bought it for my ten-year-old brother, and he loved it! Not only it has a different look, it has many neat options like background light, a few alarms, stop-watch, and - what he liked the most - you can dive with them! And since we have a pool and he always dives to the bottom, now he can do it with his \"cool\" watch on. He really liked it and I feel like a cool sister!", "I originally recieved this watch for Xmas and I had it out of the box for 10 seconds and the orange button on the face of the watch fell off.  I returned it for the same watch and I have only been wearing it on runs for 3 weeks.  I got home and the lower left button fell off.  The watch is great with all of the functions it has but as far as realiabilty I would not recommend this watch.", "This is my second Nike Triax watch.  The first watch the band broke in half after 3 years of use.  I bought this watch because I liked the functionality and the look of the watch.  Now, a couple of years later the band on the watch has broken and the rubber on the body is coming unglued.The band itself costs $18 and it must be sent out to be repaired which will add at least another $10.  Repairing the watch will end up costing half as much as the entire watch itself.Also, my watch had a tendency to reset sporadically from static.  I would remove my jacket and the watch would beep and reset.", "I can not give a positive or negative opinion about the watch, as up to today I have NOT received it.", "I liked all the functions on this watch, especially the large display, which is why I bought it. It broke after about 2 years, and like most small electronic devices, isn't cost-effective to fix. I have a Timex sports watch that's 12 years old and still going strong. Never again...Also hated the instructions - this huge foldout sheet with all the directions in tiny text in a whole bunch of languages. Clumsy and hard to follow.Just stupid. Nike should know better.", "I am a big fan of Nike Triax watches, but had bad luck with this model.  I had the watch for about 4 weeks and in that time it reset itself once and finally locked up - all of the buttons stopped responding.  Replacing the battery had no effect and I had to return it.  Additionally, the button on the face is a little too large and is too sensitive to accidental contact.  When I would check the time I more often than not had to play with the buttons because I had inadvertently switched to some other mode.  On the plus side, it is very comfortable and the display is easy to read.", "I'm extremely pleased with the Nike Midsize Triax Speed 50 Super. (Wow, what a mouthful!)I've found it difficult to find a watch appropriately styled for a man, but in a size that would fit my slim wrists. As a runner, I don't exactly have a beefy build, and all the other watches I've had have practically been sliding all the way up my arm, even on their smallest fit. However, the Midsize Triax is PERFECT. It's not constricting, but it's certainly not going anywhere.As far as function is concerned, it does everything I need it to, from giving me my interval timing, to splits and laps, to just, well... Telling me the time and date like a good watch should!The only gripe I have with it is that the backlight doesn't light up the display very well in medium-low light. I can see it fine in daylight, and with the backlight in dark, but in medium light, everything sort of blends together.Overall, a great value, though.", "I ordered this watch because I love the style of Nike watches and this one was a great price.  Since the watch was midsize and had a unisex band, I thought it would work for me.  The watch looked great, but was too big for my wrist.  It's a great value for a men's watch.", "I bought the watch on monday and got it on Saturday. Very good delivery!", "Granted, this is a low end Nike watch, I have a higher end Nike watch.  I also have an Ironman Watch.  I like the Ironman watches and you can get an Ironman watch that has these features for about $20.  Also, I had to send the first watch back.  The backlight would not go off and no data (time/date or other features) worked or could be shown.  So all I had was a blank backlit watch.  However, despite my negative review and the issue of the watch (broken, however probably an isolated incident), I decided for a replacement vice a refund.  And Amazon.com did a great and quick job fixing the situation.  We'll see how this watch works out.  I kept the watch not for the functions, more so so I can rotate with my other watches and it has a pretty good look.", "This watch is advertised as being able to withstand the rigours of being worn by an active child.However it very quickly became extremely scratched and the strap faded out badly.  The strap also broke which made it impossible to wear.All of this transpired in the first 6 months.The watch itself goes well.", "I am an adult female with very small wrists, so it's hard for me to find watches that don't look huge on me. This watch fits perfectly and does not look like it overpowers my wrist. It also looks sporty yet feminine. This is my second one; I also own the \"university blue\" version of this watch. Definitely recommend!", "I can't believe nike would slap their name on such an unreliable piece of crap. The watch worked great until about 4 months of ownership. The crappy rubber straps broke off from the display then the display became all distorted after one use in the rain on a run. It then proceeded to stop working completely. I'll buy a different brand of watches as this is the third nike watch that this has happened to me with.", "This watch didn't work when I got it and then Amazon didn't have anymore of them when I returned it.  Stay away; get a Timex Ironman instead.", "I like the watch and I use it on all my runs, but I never use all the features because the directions were so complicated that it's hard to remember what button should be pushed when running on top of the fact that the reset button is poorly places, so once you get everything going as you want you stand a good chance of erasing your progress. Perhaps, I don't really need this much watch, but it would be nice to easily use the features I've paid for. The watch itself however looks nice on and is comfortable.", "This is a really nice watch with large, easy to read numbers.  I have bumped the watch face several times and have been concerned that I may have scratched it, but the face looks great with no scratches.  My only complaint is that the stopwatch is difficult to reset.  I can't comment on long term durability, because I have only had to watch a few weeks.", "I absolutely love the look and function of this watch. The first one I bought the band broke within 2days of using it and my sister's broke the day she got it.  I returned it and replaced it with the same style watch from Nike in a different color and that one lasted 3 months before it broke!  Should have learned my lesson the first time!!! have read many reviews on other websites of this watch breaking too.", "I was very excited to find this watch because of the 'target' time feature.  The watch worked great until the watch band broke.  I glued it because it was a great watch...until the other side broke.  Nike created a consumable watch.  One year and you have to buy another watch.  Terrible R & D.", "Great entry level running watch..i purchased it about a year ago..the watch is very easy to use..i actually now also use it when i ride my mountain bike..since its more natural to look at my wrist for the time..the big display helps...the band is thing but its a light watch so all around a goo buy for its purpose", "This watch has the biggest, easiest to read, digits I have found....and I searched.It is also easy to use.A great watch.", "this wasn'ta good purchase.  the skewed design made it feel like a big watch and it was constantly trying to prevent full flexibility of my hand backwards.  it ended up breaking the pins.  shame a sport watch to be cumbersome", "watches were very nice. our clients loved them. boss loved them. nicely packaged.", "I have owned MANY sport-watches over the years and I LOVE this one.  This is actually my 2nd!  The only reason I have had to buy a two was, when the battery died and I replaced it, it did not continue to be waterproof.  AND, that has been true with most every sport-watch I have owned.I love all the functions! Especially the Data function of saving my stopwatch times, the detailed summary Chronograph function, and last the 7 alarms.  I use them throughout the week as my wake-up times change.If and when I need to buy another watch, there is no question as to what I will get!", "I got two of these for my 6 and 7 year old girls.  The watches are quite functional -- easy-to-read time telling, date and day-of-the-week display, alarm function, VERY RELIABLE waterproof feature, easy to use backlit screen, stop watch feature ... A few disappointments though -- the band is designed with a stiff loop and needs to be put around the child's wrist with quite a bit of \"wiggle room\", or there will be an indentation on the skin within a short period of time.  Also, when I set a daily alarm at 3:30 p.m. to remind them that it's homework time, automatically the hourly chime is activated -- I haven't figured out how to turn this off.  I had to turn the alarm function off, just not to create a nuisance for the teachers and to keep the watch from chirping at night.  These aside, it was a great find.", "The Nike Oregon watch by Lance Armstrong is great. If you are into Jogging, Running or Cycling like I am you will love this watch.  You will find underneath the watch Lance Armstrongs Signature. This watch has an Altimater that works really well. You can set this watch to shut off after so many hours to save batttery life. The Battery is easy to replace yourself and not expensive. The watch is Water Resistant to 100M so wearing it in the shower or swimming with it is no problem. I like the look of the watch and the gold colored face on it matches the live strong bracelet. It is a large watch to wear with long sleeves, but is very sharp looking. I recieved it on the day that Amamzon.com had promised. I  really enjoy shopping with Amamzon.com and look forward to shopping with them again in the future. I hope this review has helped you in making your decision.", "Received watch, removed from packing and found out that the watch didn't work.  Seller told me to return and a replacement would be sent.  Setter received and told me it would take a week or longer to mail replacement.  I told them I thought this time was not fair, they had my money and I had no watch.  Shortly after they informed me they were out of stock and would refund my money. They did!End of story  I purchased a Timex from Fred Meyer", "A feature rich product offering Mac OSX compatiblity, distance and HRM data combined into graphs.  Overall I found the product let down by quality control issues.  The first watch I got had to be returned due to the USB pod simply not working at all.  Kudos to Amazon for replacing it promtly. The second watch worked for a while - about 200km - then started to give intermittant HRM readings.  Overall I found the HRM strap needed to be tighter than my Polar and that the reading did require that I wet the pads everytime before starting my run.The other thing that the Polar range has over Nike is that when you run at night it's easy to just bring the Polar up to your chest and the light comes on - not with Nikes best - It requires you know which of the 5 buttons to press, to get the light on - easy if you do it right, but you can accidently stop the run recording if you press the wrong button in the dark while running.Buy lots of CR2032 batteries because you need to change them often.  I have already changed the watch and the HRM battery in the first 175km, and the watch was set to power saving mode.Although it works OK with OSX 10.4.9 the Nike software has not been updated since 2004 - that's 3 years - of no new driver or feature support - pretty good indication that Nike has moved it's attention elsewhere.  The monitor area is poorly used with a small 9\" window opens up on your 20\" Mac which cannot be enlarged - then you get small little graphs you can hardly see.  My advise is, if you buy a few spare parts like a HRM, footpod and USB unit then it should give you good data - otherwise expect to take it back under warranty - while you can.", "Received watch and it would never sync. Watch completely stopped working. I returned the watch to amazon by priority mail, and for some reason they seem to can't find the package.  I'm still waiting for them to return my $195.00 to my account. Which seems to be taking forever. I would not recommend anyone to purchase this product from amazon. Yes it may be less expensive, but just pay for it from the nike store and get better service.", "I purchased the Triax CV10 a month ago. It has worked wonderfully and helped me to train at 60% to Max BPM. You can set your personal min BPM and max BPM to insure you heart rate is where you want it during your workout. I love being able to see exactly what speed I'm currently running, current BPM and the distance I've gone. At the end of my run, the CV10 reports best mile and reports time for each additional mile. It also displays avg mile and avg BPM.  After reading the other reports, I pray mine doesn't malfunction. But...so far it's been perfect.", "So far I like the watch. It is a little big, but the features are easy to access and set. Not so sure of the altimeter accuracy yet, but haven't used for large gains or losses yet.", "I LOVE this watch!  We bought it for our son 2 years ago and I don't think it has EVER been off his wrist!! The band finally gave up and he is lost without the watch!  I will be buying 2 more of these watches so that he is never without one again.  I should add that my son is very, very active and this watch has spent a lot of time under water and BMXing!!  I truly feel we got our money's worth!", "I didn't like the style.  The band was too small.  The watch seemed likeva womans watch so I returned it.", "I have enjoyed the oregon series watch.  It is good looking.  The band is comfortable and is holding up nicely.  The display is easy to read, and the light is quite good.  My one complaint is that the chronograph is often difficult to clear.  I run a good bit, and I was doing a workout the other day.  I had to keep holding down the clear button to get the old time off.  Other than that, I have enjoyed the watch immensely.  I thought the price was extremely reasonable as well.", "I was excited to get this watch. It had everything on it that I wanted. Unfortunately the Velcro started to wear out immediately and the worst happened after five and a half months... It died. If you like it beware of the Velcro but may be you will have better luck in getting one with a longer lifespan.", "My daughter used this backpack 2 years in a row for 8th and 9th grade. She could have used it another year, but she didn't want to. We washed it and donated it to the local Good Will. Still had a lot of good use left in it!", "So GREAT.this was my first time usig amazon and this guy was so exelent.ThanksAntonio", "Great bag, but i wish it were a little bigger to accomidate my gym clothes/shoes.", "We bought this for our daughter when she was starting Kindergarten.  Now almost three years later it is just now starting to wear out.  I'd say three years with a backpack is a good quality backpack!  This is well worth the money and is a great bag.", "These sunglasses are exactly what I was looking for.  They are very lightweight and did not slide around during my long run.  I hardly notice I have them on.  They help me stay relaxed while running since I'm not tensing my face to squint, if the sun gets in my eyes.  They did not fog up either.  So far I've been very pleased.  The real test will come on a hot, humid day this summer, but they work as well as I had hoped so far.", "Durable. Excellent quality. These were the 2nd pair as a gift for our son. He absolutely loves them. I see anoth pair in the future", "Just don't like it at all. Fitting is poor and shape is not good at all comparing to a skylon that I've tried", "I was very impressed by these shoes. They fit my daughter's feet perfectly, nice color, great feeling when she walks or run. The price was right and they are very easy to put on in the morning before school.", "I bought this watch for my girlfriend last year as she had signed on to Team in Training to run a marathon and needed a way to monitor her daily milage.It worked fairly well for her for about the first six months. She found it easy to use but was a real pain to calibrate. You need to go to a track and run a 400-800meters - not real easy where I live as all the tracks are the local highschools and are locked up. Everytime the battery is changed it needs to be recalibrated. She found it less accurate on snow and ice.After about 1 year it stopped working and now she has just has an expensive stop watch. It is a great idea but not worth the cost. In retrospect, I would consider a GPS watch. This watch I'd only consider if you don't think you could get a GPS signal where you live or run (heavily wooded areas - or at least so I'm told).", "I ordered two Nike gym bags, one medium and one small.  I received them both quickly with no problems.", "This is the most comfortable mat that I have ever used. Has a great surface and I love the dual color option. I have had this mat for several years now and it is still in very good shape.", "I have a real addiction to these Nike Watches - I wish they were still making them! This one is my 3rd and I am going to buy a few more (since they are so inexpensive and have lasted for years) before there aren't any more on the market. I especially like the way this type has the clear plastic at the back. Cute! Comfortable! I am also an artist and I find that I can easily remove any art-making residue, paint, etc. I would give 5 stars but I don't see how I can unless they come out with another new model!", "I am very happy with this watch. This is my 3rd one. The price was good and it arrived in a timely manner.", "I bought this as a gift for my wife - she LOVES it!!!! Everyone in my household is happy with this watch...", "While I tend to avoid name brand name items, the style and servicability of this watch convinceded me to sport a tiny Nike advertizement on my wrist.It's comfortable, stylish, accurate, and fits well in daily life. I think my watch is delightful.", "This product is such a great idea for when working out. Now I don't have to workout with my regular watch or carry around a cellphone!", "Outstanding watch it is very light and has great fuctions, it's hightly recomended", "I bought this watch because of the sleek look.  I have my watch on all the time and did not want it to look like a bumpy sports watch.  I am in the water a lot and the glue/conection of the band to the face became separated after owning it about 6 months. I am thinking I should have gotten a bit more for my money and the product name.", "Works great!  I just started running and needed a watch to time walk/run intervals.  Just wish it were a little smaller.  I have very small wrists and it's a little bulky. Although I wanted pink, I'm happy I went with the black.  It's very classy looking and nice enough to wear to work. Very happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend it!", "This watch runs late and the alarm is very quiet you can't hear it.Nice design.", "This is the easiest to read watch that I have ever owned! The time and date are very large and bold, great for those of us with less than perfect eyesightThe time was a little off, it gained about 5 minutes in 6 month's time.  Also, the band is plastic, so no surprise when it broke after 18 months, the problem is that there is no way to replace the band.I really liked the style, and with the easy to read face, I am considering purchasing another one in spite of the short comings.", "I'll admit it: I bought this watch because it was cute.  I loved the color.  It is just as cute in person!  I love how it looks and feels on my wrist.  It is very light weight and easy to put on and take off.  The watch is made of a material that definitely holds up over time.  It is still as blue today as it was when I purchased it.  My only complaint is that the face itself is very reflective.  It is sort of difficult to read the numbers on the face when you are out for a run during the day.  That is the only thing that I had a hard time with as far as this watch is concerned.  Other than that, I love it!", "Here are a number of the features I like about this watch/heartrate monitor. I've used this solely for running.-Simple operation after the initial setup(put on heartrate monitor and go)-The cloth part of the chest band is washable-There is no metal that touches your skin so it doesn't make you cold on cold mornings-Lot of display options-Very easy to read screen-Lot of useful features (including interval timing, time in target Heart Rate zone, etc.)-You can have the option of setting a power save so the watch 'sleeps' if it isn't used for a certain number of hours.", "Product.not reliable.battery went flat after 6 months. Replaced new one went flat again in 2 weeks. then worse, new battery only last 3 days.Service.Totally non available.Contact nike but reply was slow and was ask to contact local agent. Then local agent does not reply. No reply on whether will honour international warranty or not.My recommendation : Think twice before buying.", "good product, excelent quality, great performance, resistant materials with great features that i ever try it on an electronic device!", "I gave this watch as a present...it wasn't working and when I went to put the battery in they supplied, it was the wrong battery.  That rots.  Now I have to take it to a store and BUY another battery?  Not happy.", "My wife dropped the link to this watch in my email as a Valentines Day hint.  A nice inexpensive gift that she likes very much.  Comfortable to wear as a sporty watch.  She was very happy.", "I liked very much my new watch, it is perfect to go to the gym. It have a good design and is very comfortable.", "OK watch, but the picture makes the watch look great.  I bought the watch about a year ago and have worn it once...  Not a great looking watch in person.", "This watch is perfect for running. Really light and reliable. I even take it in the sauna with no problems", "Recieved the watch last month and was impressed with the looks and the fact i could wear it and not worry about it getting wet.  My job in a school is very hands on and unfortunately the chrome bezel fell off after only 3 weeks.  i now have to find someone to glue it permanently on as the trouble to send it back is too much.", "I find this watch bulky, and not very comfortable.  It is difficult to read, and the date is practically microscopic.  It is MUCH easier to read in the dark when it is backlit.", "It IS a bulky watch. I would not recommend this if you have very thin wrists (like me) and are looking for something understated. However, if you like big jewelry this one is for you. I like it because it sort of screams \"I'M A WATCH\". And I like the back lighting; good for in the movies, if the lights go out, and nighttime re-conning. :o  And as noted in the other review the date if teeny, so carry a calendar.", "I got this watch a few weeks ago. When it arrived, I was very impressedby its design and weight. Its a serious piece of heavy metal, and very cool looking. HOWEVER....after setting the time and playing with the stop watch function, the watch went haywire, displaying jibberish and making painful noises. I returned it to the seller, for another one (seller did a good job)I set the time, I tried using the stopwatch again. Instead of crapping out, it just reset itself back to 12:00 am.  I reset the time, and vowed never to use the alarm or stop watch functions. To sum things up. Its a pretty watch, but I wish it worked better. I kept it cause I like how it looks, and don't really need the other functions.", "The product works fine. There were no problems with it or it's arrival to the desired location in a timely and successful manner.", "This is a nice watch however if you are looking for a small face to fit a man then this isn't for you.  The wrist band is not very long and because of the design there is not going back. I may try to sell this on for a larger wrist band since I can only get it on the last hole.", "no problem with the watch.  the directions are easy to follow on the manual/instructional CD.  the C6 is the only version of the Triax which counts calories- a great plusthe only complaint i have is that i couldn't get a heart rate reading when i wore the band over my under armour shirtother then that- i'm very satisfied with the watch & price", "It looks like this watch is discontinued now, which is too bad.  I've owned mine for at least two years now.  I've used it in spin classes, yoga, bike rides, and on hikes.  I've used the watch itself as my only wristwatch for about a year and a half.Pros:* Calorie counter.  Tells you how many calories you burned in your workout.  It seems to be reasonably accurate.* Reliable.  It's never failed to get a signal.  I've still never replaced the batteries.* Simple.  There isn't a whole lot to it, after you complete the initial set-up.* Legible.  Having looked at some other HRM watches, I can say that in comparison the C6 has a fantastic display.* Great chest strap.  It's low profile, and lays nice and smooth against my chest -- no uncomfortable plastic buckles or anything.  It's also waterproof, I regularly rinse it out and hang it to dry after a workout.  You don't have to unclip the monitor portion when washing, unlike a Polar that I recently looked at.* Great value for the money.  Again, compared to others I've looked at.Cons:* The light/reset button (press for backlight, hold to reset the interval timer) has always been *extremely* difficult to hold down long enough to reset.  I don't know if all are like this.  I'm a rock climber (i.e. strong hands) and it's still tricky for me to apply enough consistent pressure to reset the timer!* The bottom edge of the black rubber separated from the sides of the watch after about a year.  It hasn't gotten any worse, and isn't noticeable when the watch is on.* You can't transfer full workout logs to your computer.  I have no need of this, but maybe you do.", "I bought this watch originally for my bf about 2 years ago, but as he wasn't using I decided to put the watch to use. This is THE BEST HR MONITOR WATCH out there! Ok, you need to go through the tutorial to understand all the functions but it is so easy to use and it's perfect if you are looking to know what is your heart rate, the number of calories burned etc...! I recommend it anytime!", "I have been using the triax C5 for about a year and a half and had no problems whatsoever. Using it at least 4 times a week for Tae-Bo and mountain biking. excellent price/quality.", "I purchased this watch and was very happy with it during the first 6 months.  It provided consistent and accurate readings and was compatible with the Gyms treadmills.  After 6 months I started noticing that the monitor took several minutes to display a heart rate on the watch.  I replaced the battery thinking that was the culprit.  The watch still takes anywhere from 5-15 minutes before displaying a reading.  When it eventually does display one it has huge swings.  It's at 155 one minute, then at 260, then back to 135....it has come to the point where it is completely unreliable and I'm now researching for another monitor.  I would have thought it was somehting with the way it was fitting on my chest, if it wasn't for the fact that I've worn it the same way since I've got it and it worked great for 6 months.  It's too bad because I enjoyed it while it lasted.", "I've been using this HRM for over a year, it has never given me a problem, I lost my chest strap, but I was able to buy it on [...].I love this HRM because it can stand all the training I do (I do triathlons), the battery for the watch and the chest strap is user replaceable (so that you don't have to send it somewhere and be charged).Also I love the fact that the chest strap works with all the equipment at the gym, the treadmill, the elliptical machine and so forth. It's a great feature!", "It is excellent, it is not the first one I bought, and the result is great. You can also use bands of other heart rate monitors with this watch and they work great. The size is wonderfull for both, women or men.Really I still do not know what the cd  is for.", "I bought this watch on Amazon for my husband, who is an avid runner, and he LOVES IT !!  He sometimes has difficulty with the heart rate while running because of sweat (so he says) but otherwise no complaints (and he can be a tough critic).", "its a decent watch, the strap is actually quite bigger than what it looks in the picture, its more like a belt actually,display is ok but very much prone to scratches,the plus point however is that its does have a good sporty look , just hope that it lasts long enough!", "I love the watch, and BikeSomeWhere.com got it to me quickly for free shipping (about 5 business days).  It's quite large, so be prepared for that - the strap is over an inch wide.  However, I have to take 1 star off for the fact that the strap color does not match the picture.  It says \"Desert\" on the packaging, but it's a darker color rather than the light color you see above - here is a more accurate picture.  I was hoping for the lighter colored band, but I like it enough to keep the dark band instead.", "The Nike Presto is stylish and cute, but not worth the money.  It hurt to wear and the strap/bracelet broke after only two weeks.  I wouldn't buy it again.", "I love, love this watch.  It is nice enough to wear dressy and practical for working out.  I had one before for a while and the plastic finally broke (which is why it doesn't get a 5).  You can't replace the band because it all one piece.  I liked it enough to get another though.  Some people might find the band uncomfortable and it has caught on things on flown off so its not good for all activities, but otherwise all good.", "I've been looking for a watch for awhile and this watch is perfect!!I have a skinny wrist, so most watches don't fit me- I like this watch because it has basic features; time,date,and timer. And it has indiglow too. You can set regular time or military time. Plus its stylish so it looks like a bracelet!", "this Watch is a gorgeous bright green bangle type watch. its got a beautiful face, the band is a comfortable fit, and it got from YOUR SHOP to me in 7 days IMPRESSIVE as i live in australi", "this watch is a durable, fantastic watch with a good reputation.  thank you amazon!!!!!!!!!!1", "I usually get \"Wow! That is a big watch\" or just \"Wow, nice watch.\" I say, yeah I bought it on the web and I had no idea how big it was going to be. This watch is big. It's surprisingly not very heavy at all. Very well put together. The band is some space age type super vulcanize rubber. I'm only half joking. I don't know what the stuff is, but it's very comfortable and super durable.The glass is amazingly scratch resistant. I've looked at the face a couple of times after whacking it on a door or a computer or whatever and thought, \"this is it, scratch city\" and nothing. Not even the slightest scratch. Again, I think Nike is using alien technology - probably from the Vulcans.I don't use any of the features. There are a few I'm sure. I just haven't been interested in any of the features from day one.  It was really strange, I just took the instruction booklet and hucked in a drawer.That's all I have to say on this watch. Oh yeah, did i mention it's huge.", "I have owned 2 other Nike watches and they have done me well.  The industrial/rugged look of the Hammer watch was why I chose it.  The watch is large but does not over power your wrist.Pros: Stylish, rugged, easy to use buttons, and the night light is decentCons: Watch sometimes gets stuck under long selves, like some watches if you type while resting wrists on a surface might be uncomfortable.Overall I would recommend this watch to any one who wants a watch that will look good day to day or out on the trails.", "If you have wrists that are smaller than a typical tree trunk, then this might not be the watch for you - it's a monster! Given that the electronics in this thing must weigh nothing, it's obvious that Nike has packed the case with redundant chunks of metal to make it so heavy. Just wearing it for a day gives your arm a workout! However, if you're in the market for an eye-catching big digital watch that has a clear display with large numerals that shows all the basic information (time, seconds, date), that's fairly affordable then this might be the one for you.If you want a similar watch that's not so big, check out the Nike Blade watch - the styling is less dramatic, but it won't break your wrist to the same degree.", "Bought this for my sister who has everything or what she doesn't have I can't afford.  She loved it.  It is sporty but nice.", "Not sure how it is, bought it as a gift; but since last decade I've been buying ONLY NIKE watches for myself I must say that is a trustworthy buy.", "I still have not recieved this item, and it has been over a month since I ordered it.", "Me and my wife are training for a 1/2 marathon.  The watch is great.  easy to see and work.", "My son tells me that he loves his watch and would give it 500 out of 5 stars.  He saved up for it, and he bought it with his own money after his ADHD and Asperger's self had trouble walking home from the library one too many times when it was time (and after more than a few reminders).  He'd also missed cello lessons at school and was very frustrated with himself for the difficulties he was having.  It is a cool watch.  It looks good, it has two alarms (cello lesson and whatever else he needs) a stop watch and a countdown timer--that he's found a use for so far.  It is waterproof/or resistant, so that means when he forgets to take it off before his bath it's ok.  This watch was a way that he could solve his own problems, and reorganize his own life to make up for some of his difficulties.  That's why I like it so much.It has all these features and looks really cool and it doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  That's the best, I think. I'm not sure if he'll ever need the lap timer or the pacing feature or anything like that.  I suppose those features are awesome for those who use them, but for our purposes and our budget, this watch is perfect.", "I have had difficulty finding a watch for swimming.  This has met all my needs.  Of good size so easily seen.  Buttons are accessable and make splits relatively easy and interval swimming a breeze.  So far very reliable, used for 2 months.", "I bought this watch to use during my vacation. It's an ecellent sport watch, very resistant and very easy to use.", "This is an excellent watch, full of features and easy to set up.I did not like the manual though due to the small letters that make it difficult to read. The nice thing is that it is written in several languages.", "Had this watch for almost 2 years. Was excellent for running and easy to use. Trained for a marathon and multiple 5ks with it. Now it says good to 10M but  that is clearly not true. I wasn't 10ft underwater and the watch gave out. But If you don't plan to be diving in any pools or lakes, it is an excellent watch. I highly recommend it for beginning to experienced runners due to its simplicity.", "Nice watch for what it is. Wish it had a backlight. Other than that, its fine. Nice large numbers are easy to read while running. No regrets about this purchase.", "I purchased this watch about two years back and I have changed the strap 4 times. It broke yet again last month. The watch might be good but the strap makes this watch a piece of junk. Do not waste your money on Triax.", "I never thought I'd wear a big metal watch.  I was the $25 Timex kind of guy.  But this watch is extremely cool, and not everyone has one.  In addition, I let the Rolex people know that it is the OFFICIAL, Lance Armstrong Nike 10/2 Tour de France 7 Time Winner TIME.  Not Rolex Mariner or whatever?!?!?!Item came as promised, brand new, and blah blah blah.  Keep up the good work, and if you ever need to know the official time, just email me.", "i own this watch and i havee taken it down at 300 ft.  almost got jacked by a shark but my harpoon got him first.  it's pretty sleek and light not like those ss diver watches which are heavy.  when you need a functioning watch lance is there right by side.  call me nuts but i believe i am the first person to take my road bike at deep waters and actually ride it.", "The watch is exactly what I expected for. It is beautiful and modern. Nike did a great job with this peace.", "I though this would be a good sports watch, however it is as small as a junior's watch. Its display is almost the same size as a quarter coin.", "Returned this after purchase because although it is very attractive and the design on the band is quite nice (and not cheesy-looking), it is very large on the wrist.", "AMAZING watch. Sporty, water proof, etc. looks dressy and like it's fancier than it is LOVE IT. It is SILVER however, not white as it appears in the photos. Probably would not have bought it had I known it was the color it was but I am glad I got it and kept it. Overall a win.", "The picture doesn't really show how pretty this watch is. Not only does it look good, but it's easy to use and quite practical.", "I've been wearing this watch for over a year now and I constantly get complimented on it (I have the white/sail blue color).  I bought it for a trip overseas where I wanted to have two time zones and two alarms.  I haven't replaced the battery yet.  The face is big and easy to read, the backlight is nice and bright, and it's comfortable to wear - especially easy to put on and off if you hate buckles like I do.  It's also easily adjustable.  The alarm is nice and loud for a watch and it has the feature to beep on the hour every hour.  My one small complaint is that if it's really hot out it tends to make my wrist sweat because it's so wide.", "I just got this watch about 3 weeks ago and i am very happy with it. It is a simple watch - not tons of buttons everywhere that you actually need to read the instruction manual for. It just has two buttons, and its really easy to figure out how to change the time and all that. I am very happy with this watch, and (most importantly) its quite stylish too! ;)", "I LOVE this watch!  I am going to be purchasing more of the same watches in other colors.  This has been a  Wonderful experience dealing with this dealer. Fast Shipping, GREAT SERVICE! I'll be back!", "I was looking for this color watch for months.Tried other web sites, but this watch was way over priced.Amazon was just right.", "This was high on my son's Christmas list but unfortunately the plastic face scratched the very first week making it hard to read. A much more durable face is needed to be considered a sports watch. He was not even playing a sport when it was easily scratched.", "I\"ve loved the Triax Swift since I first strapped it on. It's very comfortable and the split band allows some room for your wrist to breath on long runs...none of that sweaty build up like a solid band. It doesn't have a heart rate moniter built in which may be it's downfall for some runners, but it's easy to use, it's stylish, and waterproof. Some one stole my first one, I went right out and got the exact same one.", "FACE OF WATCH WAS BULKY. SAT ON WRIST HIGH. COLOR AND FUNCTIONS WERE NICE. YET I RETURNED DUE TO SIZE.", "When I recieved the watch it was a bit small for my taste, gave it to my son, he loves it!", "I like the watch except for the fact that it's easily reset by static electricity. Weird, I know. That's especially annoying when you have a bunch of times stored in the watch's data feature (its most appealing feature).If you're putting on or taking off a shirt, the static electricity will shock the watch and you will hear the watch beep. From there it shows a bunch of random symbols and numbers before it resets a few seconds later, losing the time and anything you stored.I've had this happen about 5 times now, really frustrating.", "The watch is comfortable, & easy to read.  My only complaint is that I wish the watch band were a bit longer, I have mine hooked on the next to last hole, and I'm not that big!  I love the color.  It is easy to use.  And thank you to the person who set the watch for my time zone!  It was ready to go from the box.  I've received several compliments on this watch already.", "I used Polar heart watches for years (nearly 20 years!) but (a) the infrared transfer of data between computer and watch is unreliable and (b) Polar doesn't make software for Apple Macintosh. So I was seduced to buy this top-end Nike watch.The Nike software works on my Mac and the radio transfer works great (the pulsing blue receiver is cool, too!).So, what's the problem???The problem is that the Nike software is FAR more primitive than the Polar software. The watch can't track calorie burn, the graphing of data is extremely limited and, in general, the Polar software just provides a lot more exercise data, with more display options, than the Nike software.I wrote to Nike with this feedback but they didn't reply.The watch and the motion sensor work fine (the sensor is quite accurate). But if you are choosing between the top-end Polar and this Nike unit (and you are PC based, not Mac) go for the Polar watches.", "I did my homework when I bought this as my first HRM. It was well worth the money... well until now: 10 months later and I'm thinking it's not right to expect to spend $250+ / 10 months to keep this going. Just the other day, I went to transfer my recent workouts from the watch to the computer, and whenever I started the link to PC, my whole system crashed - everything went down. I finally diagnosed the symptom as a hardware problem (the software runs fine if the transmitter device isn't plugged in, and I tried different USB ports too all with the same results). So now, what's the value in my HRM? Another disappointer, my foot pod for the SDM broke a couple months ago. The battery cover jammed, and I can't get it off or on, and the thing won't turn on (I had just put a fresh battery in before the cover jammed). Otherwise, I really liked the product, although it was my first, so I don't have an expert opinion on the matter....", "I cannot get my Nike Triax c3 SM0013 to register heart rate although others seem able to do so. I wet the waist band and pull it tight but still don't get a number. I am quite sure I have a heart beat, nevertheless.", "I had been hesistant about heart rate monitors because many of them seemed so hard to understand. If you are just starting out with a fitness program or want the \"simple\" things in a heart rate monitor, this is the one.  Not complicated to use at all and gives you great readings.  Definately recommended!!", "where I can get the mesh or watch band? please help me with this, i an from argentina and in july i go to miami", "I have had this watch for about 6 months now and I don't have any complaints. The altimeter seems to work well, even after not calibrating it in 4 months it's only off by about 200ft. Although I do remember when I first bought it, I had to calibrate it every week but it has been working fine ever since.My favorite part of the watch is the barometer (weather) function. If I am going out for a run, and it doesn't look great outside, I can see if the pressure has been dropping and know if it is going to rain or not.Set up was pretty straignforward; just put in the cd and follow along. You can program the deviation for the compass, altitude etc. A highly satisfied customer.", "I have this watch about 6 years and still working great.Just had a problem with the wrist that broke after my son took the watch when I was not home.Fortunately I could buy a replace for it online and now it is as good as new!", "It is a good product of very good quality, very resistant and especially the mark  sit down satisfied by the acquired clock", "Watch broke in first month.  The crown failed and it does not keep accurate time.  Sent it for warranty service and they say they are fixing it but 6 weeks later I still don't have a watch.  It was nice while it lasted...", "I appreciated when I have the Nike square face watch. It came before the day it should be deliveried. However, that still made me happy.", "The problem with these type of Nike watches is that the bands aren't very durable and are expensive to replace.  The curved display is cool, though.", "I play o lot of sports and really enjoy this watch witch is likea bracelet, easy on and off, also easy to read at night time,cute too.", "The Nike Watch is great and very comfortable...I only wish I could afford the purple and black ones too!!Great Service from the Watch Company too!", "I wish Amazon had noted the colors of this product as it did not look red and blue on my LCD screen. When it came I was disappointed.  Also, the third party company they are selling this for was closed until April 28th so I have not been able to receive any customer service. This is my first time buying from Amazon and it has made me leery for the future.", "Never received this item.  Did not have enough money on my credit card for this purchase.", "Stylish, easy to use, easy to read display, comfortable band, durable, and an instant hit with my 12 yr old son who found it in his Christmas stocking.  Adults would like this too!", "This watch is a piece of junk, looks cheaply made in mass in China. I don't think the watch sold by this unique seller is authentic, if it is, then it is terribly flawed. The swosh is not correctly painted, the strap is wrinkled and looks like it is going to give up anytime, same goes with the latch, everything just looks pretty bad.", "We ended purchasing a second one for the sentimental value of the watch but the first one broke after a little dip in the pool.  It is advertised to be water resistent to so many feet but it couldn't handle six foot pool for 20 minutes.  After much rangling with Nike and Amazon, we just bought another one because my father had purchased the original one for my daughter and my father passed away so the watch means a lot to us.  It's a decent looking watch and fits my ten year old daughter great.", "My daughter receive this watch as gift , unfortunately the watch did not stand up to the vendor water resistance guide. Try to work through amazon and vendor . The vendor could careless in what we had to say . Do not give this to 10 year old even if they go swimming in a five to six feet pool. Water will get into the watch.", "This is not the cheapest watch for a kid, but it fits a small wrist and is very easy for a child to drive.", "In an age of homogenous plastic, these glasses really stand out. A blend of metal, rubber and plastic combined with minimalist design produces glasses you forget you have on until someone asks what they are and where you got them.", "This is all my oldest will use to carry his school stuff in.  The first one lasted about 1/2 way through the year.  He managed to put a tear in it.  Otherwise, it's ok.", "the item Nike B2.9 Gymsack  arrived in foreseen time and it is the great usefulness for my because it is comfortable.", "I had a Nike Triax watch and lost it. I was not able to find another one to replace it so I searched the web. Thankfully Amazon had several to choose from. There was also serveral different types to choose from, 50, 100 etc. This one is sufficient for my purposes. I am a runner and wanted to clock my running times. It also has intervals, data and alarm modes. All this is very helpful as I travel alot. The watch face is also great because I need reading glasses but this face has large numbers so I can see them without glasses. Thanks for helping me get back my bearings in TIME!!", "I bought this as a Bday gift for my friend, and he is a Die hard fan of Arsenal Soccer team. He just LOVED it and wears it everyday! I also loved the style of the dial.", "This bag is actually larger than I thought.  You can really fit a lot into it.  This would be good for a weekend trip.", "Liked these, but they ran at least half a size too large.  I would have reordered in my size, however they are pretty stiff.  I was surprised because I know this sneaker is pretty popular.  I was looking for more of a comfort fashion sneaker...tough search.", "Although I'm rarely a fan of Nike, I bought this pair to try it out and i absolutely liked it. Very suitable for causal wear, but I'm not sure how good of a running pair this one is. I got the dark grey color with florescent green stripes.Overall very cool pair", "I'm a big fan of nike's so I figured these sneakers would be good. I bought these sneakers to wear on the days I do clinical for nursing school. I was satisfied they came earlier then expected and they were very comfortable.  Only problem is that I thought the sneaker was going to be only black and white but it actually blue and white. I didn't pay attention to the fact that the color said obsidian I was only looking at the actual sneaker. All in all the sneaker is very comfortable and they will match very well with my nursing school uniform.", "Absolutly great shoe, I was having a lot of calf issues and not being able to run distances without my legs hurting after I purchased the Reebok Ziglite. These shoes were amazing, seeing as how I am in the military and am running daily this is a good solid shoe with just the support needed to get a good run in.", "love these shoes use them as gym shoes i would recomend thes to anyone that is looking for a durable shoe", "The fir is exactly like I would expect Nike's to fit, (I order a 1/2 size smaller than I usually wear).  Comfortable, good looking, for sneakers.  Great shoe.", "Item is very comfortable to use for several hours everyday, fits right to size and looks very good no my feet.", "Very light and comfortable. So light that my wife thought I had ordered a pair of sandals when she received the package. This is my second pair of downshifters. Got the first pair about two years ago. Think I might get a pair in every color available.... really.", "Do you wanna feel like your walking on air then this is the light shoe for you. Fast delivery. Accurate sizing. All Good.", "bought for my boyfriend for running.  he said they are comfortable and run true to size.  (meaning buy half size bigger since they are Nike's).  Nice looking shoe and light weight.", "I love these shoes!! I stand for 9-12 hours and my legs and back do not hurt!!!! I will be looking for another pair!!", "I bought these online because I wanted navy blue and white and couldn't find them anywhere, I have bought other nike's and had size 11 they were comfortable and these were a little small so next time I'll have to go with 11.5", "I haven't taken them to the track yet but shoes feel very light and supportive.  Should be good for the price.", "Was delivey was good. Son, really liked the style and comfort of the shoe. Read reviews before buying, I am very satisfied with this purchase, would buy again. this the second buy from amazon on shoes but different style, both were great buys, thanks would reccommend to friends", "These sneakers are Lightweight, Great Looking, Extremely Comfortable & Reasonably Priced! This purchase was a great one, Thank you very much.", "I wear a lot of Nike shoes, done have been narrow but this pair in particular were extremely tight they actually felt more like an 8.5.  The shore seems to be nice, unfortunately I was not able to try them out.", "Thanks great item.. I would recomend this product to others worth the buy! Looking forward to use it this spring and summer", "I got the shoe for my dad and he likes it so he wearing it now all over not just for walking.", "It is a light running shoe, it feels very confortable, looks fine and I bougth it at a reasonable price.", "These shoes are great... they fit perfectly and I wear them to work out.  I recommend them to anyone looking for a good pair of sneakers.", "These shoes were shipped quickly, came in their box and were even cooler than I thought. The Nike swoosh glows in the dark! I'm very happy.", "Light breatheable cheap and stylish.  Its just what a person wants when confort is needed but dont want to look like donald duck..", "Ordered black and they look black indoors. Outdoors the are Navy blue.................disappointed. Didn't feel it was right to return them due to outdoor wear. Wish they were black.JK", "I was skeptical about buying shoes online but I know my size in Nike and so I decided to give it a try. Shoes were delivered faster than expected, fit perfectly and I saved almost 50% off retail pricing. I am very happy with my purchase and I will order again.", "I have had much trouble buying sports or any other shoes, because my feet are flat and shoes almost always hurt me. When I received these shoes, I was relieved. I've used them for hours and not have tired feet. I recommend them 100%.", "Love these shoes, I'm buying another pair asap! Fits great and are very comfortable.. Trust me, it's a Great buy!", "My son has extremely wide feet and the extra wide shoe is one of the few that actually fit him so I bought 3 pairs.", "Nice price, excellent show I love it. Buy it with out any question. Nice for walk, very light. Good Quality.", "My son just started wearing them.  He says that they need a few times around to break them in so we will update you in the future.", "These sneakers are exactly as they're pictured, Lightweight, fit as expected, packaged correctly, no flaws, so far no complaints. Good price on Amazon. I recommend them.", "This shoe fits really well.  I am impressed by how light they feel.  I don't use them as a running shoe, but more for comfort wear.  I love em!", "I ordered these shoes for my husband.  They fit exactly as expected.  He says they are comfortable and durable.  A great deal at a great price!", "Runs small, order a whole size bigger. I normally wear a 10.5 and order 11.0 when I know something runs small but I should have ordered 11.5 with these. Otherwise not a bad shoe and the white ones are 50.00 and prime eligible", "Very light. Feel great and look nice as well. I only wish they came in a color that had black instead of white on the bottom.", "Only had a few days. Very nice shoes. Comfortable. Only drawback is that I have really flat feet and these shoes don't have the arch support I was hoping they would.", "These not only look great on, but they fit perfect,  nice material, very well made, and very happy I bought them. Would recommend them to anyone that enjoys a nice looking pair of shoes and is looking for comfort..Im diabetic so that is very important to me.", "These shoes are great. I really liked the way they fit and look. This is a good everyday shoe. I have to walk a lot at work and my feet don't hurt at the end of the day like they have been.", "theyre very good for the price u pay, and its got this litte things where the air gets inside the foot...", "The Downshifter 5 features the cushioning of a control shoe, and the support of a cushioning shoe. It also runs a half size smaller than the normal Nike shoes. I caution people against thinking they can do significant exercise in these. They are cheap for a reason, unfortunately.", "I like it very much. I went with size 8.5 (extra .5) to compensate for my wide foot. Very good looking.", "I use these Nike Shoes for working out at the Gym. they feel lite and comfortable. They fit very well and I plan on getting another pair after these are in need of replacement", "Fit good...came faster then expected... Nice and light with more ankle support then I expected for being so light. Great shoe", "They are just excellent. The color and detail are as is as indicated in the publication. They are very comfortable to walk or run with them. I recommend them 100%", "What a great pair of shoes.  They fit great.  Very comfortable and they are so light feel like you are running with no weight.", "These shoes hold so much semen! I cant wait for my second pair to get here!  This pair is already half full and kind of sticky.", "Advent walker and runner. Bought them, I rotate brands of shoes as the sets of wears out,  I can write reviews. Normally,  Asics, Brooks and New Balance running shoes, I wear out within 9 to 12 months on asphalt and concrete, 2 miles runs and 5 miles walks.  I worn out the Nike sets in 4 month. Bad sets of batch shoes, made in China. I'll stick will New Balance,  made in America,  support my local economy and my country. Thank you.", "Same like the photo, exactly that I expected. Good quality,  great colors, excellent to run and walk.  I love it", "The shoes are perfect! The shoes were a gift for my son and he loves them very much. They are perfect!", "Really nice shoes they fit and were very comfy the color was nice and not faded like some shoes I would buy more", "Because it is just the way it was shown at amazon and it is verry confortable for running and walking.", "My this shoe for my son he's like alot, but the wide litttle small.  My son size 8.5 and I bought for him size 9 , it's still small so next time I have to buy one size bigger.  It's look nice shoe, my son like alot.", "These are true to size. They're lightweight and appear to be well-made. I've owned other Nike shoes, so this is what I expected.", "This is a good value for running shoes.  The laces were shorter then expected but so so far no major issues.", "This shoe fits perfect, as i had checked the size for me from the store. Used as both running and office casual wear. Thinking of ordering one more. :)", "Lightweight and quick drying, the Nike Santiam Sandal offers you a comfortable fit with the cushioning and technology you've come to expect. Contoured Sole - stops your feet from sliding around and causing blisters. Adjustable Straps - for a perfect, custom fit for your feet.", "The different compartments are great.  Perfect for taking my lunch for work, and a change of clothes for the gym.", "I recently received this duffel. I love the color and it is plenty big enough for me.I go to the gym a lot, even during my lunch hour sometimes, and it's big enough for change of clothes, towel, flip flops, and any reading material I'm bringing. The two side pockets are large enough for me. I keep my shampoo, conditioner, body wash, razor, a can of mousse and deodorant in one side and I put my little gym towel (for sweating) and a water bottle in the other side.One thing that you really can't tell from the photos is that one of the side pockets has a couple inches of open mesh on the bottom of the pocket so your stuff can at least dry out a little.It's perfect for what I need it for, and it fits in the gym lockers way better than my old gigantic Adidas bag.", "Still works, but the battery needs replacing, and I'm starting to strip out a screw that I'm trying to remove.  But that's neither here nor there.Facts are, this watch works well, the battery lasted for three years, it fits awesome, and being military I can get away with wearing it in a field/tactical environment without being bugged (Oh, you silly Sergeants Major!).  Anyway, I HIGHLY recommend it.  The Hard/Easy two-setting interval timer makes running interval sprints really easy.  I've been in freezing temps with it, as well as 120F temps, down to about 20-25' of depth, and to altitude (about 5000' uncompressed), and it never gave out on me.If I can't get this screw out, or the seal doesn't survive the battery change, I'll still shop for a new one just like it.  Best sport/ruggedized watch I've ever owned in 12 years in the Army, and I went through about 10 others beforehand.", "This is my 2nd one. That's just because I dropped the other one on my hard tile a few too many times and was tired of sending it in to get fixed.(it was just the watch face that broke, the watch kept on ticking) All you have to do is read the simple directions on entering your age, weight, sex and hit start during your work out. When you're done you can see your average heart rate during your workout, the length of your workout and the calories burned. There are many other things you can do with it such as set an alarm if your heart rate gets too high/too low, set an alarm to wake you up from your power nap, do lap times, etc.", "since the product was not received I cannot give a good review for this transaction", "Overall very happy. Although I have two beefs: 1) the plastic is extremely stiff and can be uncomfortable; 2) from what I can tell it only holds data from one workout. This said, it works well and is a bargain for the price.", "I love this product! Great accuracy. I don't understand how to use one of the interval training functions but it's irrelevant for my use", "I have never owned a heart rate monitor and was a little intimidated by how hard it would be to operate.  Once you follow the step by step instructions to get it set up, it's very easy to use.  The strap is easy to hide under clothes and the face of the watch is large and easy to read. I was fortunate and also found this item on sale.  Great purchase!!", "In an age when electronics can be squeezed into smaller and smaller spaces, Nike's watches buck the trend with their oversized cases. The Blade is actually a bit smaller than their other watches in the same collection, e.g. the Hammer, though it's still kinda thick. But if you like a chunky, eye-catching watch then this could work for you. The green on black negative display is also distinctive, and the large numerals are easy to read, with the date displayed clearly. The backlight is good. The rubber strap is very comfortable and the clasp is well designed - one of the best straps I've seen on any watch.", "Large on the wrist. Looks cool and high tech. Digital numbers are not as visible as I would like in sunlight, but I like it anyway. Great with short sleeves but long sleeves are hard to wear unless we roll them up. I end up not wearing it often as it looks looks like a skateboarders watch and I am 76 .I'll just add it to my extensive watch collection.It looks cool on a young person, really.", "My sister bougth this watch in august 2009 during her travel in USA.On octuber 2009, when she arrive in Brasil, after 2 days that i got this watch, it stopped work!The question is: What i`m supposed to do?", "This watch was a gift for my sister, who loves purple. When it arrived, it was perfect. She wanted a sporty watch and this was it. At the same time, it was stylish and classy enough to stand up to a nice going out outfit. Perfect watch!", "I've received so many compliments on this watch.  It looks really cool and it didn't cost me as much as my Tag.  I needed a stop watch and this works.  It takes a while to figure out how to use its functions and I'm still getting used to it actually.  The setup could be more user friendly.  The fit is not as snug as most other watches probably due to the band, and the watch itself is a bit clunky, so it takes a while to get accustomed to it.  You could set the watch to 2 different times (i.e. if you need to know the time in some other part of the world) and you can do interval training however i wouldn't run with this watch, it's not that light plus the canvas band would soak up the sweat and stink.  The LED is not so bright but there's a backlight that you could turn on when you need to see the time. I guess it's a way to save battery life.  Overall, I really like it for its style and function.  It would be awesome if they sold the bands separately so I could switch out for different colors.", "The watch is really beautiful, but it lacks instructions on how to set time and date. I had to search around to find out. But it's worth buying.", "I was so exited when I recieved the watch 2 weeks ago but, and then I opened the box, the watch looked really nice as I expected but it didn't work so I have to return it the next day. I am still waiting for my refund.", "Bought this watch for my niece for Christimas. It was a hit! She loved it! Would definitely recommend. Received quickly just in time for Christmas! Good buy!", "Great overall watch!  I'm very active, and this watch lasted through marathons, triathlons, travels all over.  It's slightly elegant so it can be worn at nicer events... and durable so it can hand active lifestyles too.  The color is more \"eggplant\" as opposed to brown, but it works with both brown and black (in my opinion.)", "The band broke after 4 months. I was very desappointed. It is a very fragile watch. Don`t buy it if you are thinking of playing sports with it.", "I love the look of this watch, as it's small and interesting looking and attracts compliments. I also love that it's a digital watch but not clunky or with a large interface. However, the band broke four months into wearing it. I sent it back since there is a year warranty and it's not the kind of band you can replace. Now I am at my year mark of owning it, and the band is ready to go again. Don't count on this watch for everyday wear.", "I love the look of this watch, as it's small and interesting looking and attracts compliments. I also love that it's a digital watch but not clunky or with a large interface. However, the band broke four months into wearing it. I sent it back since there is a year warranty and it's not the kind of band you can replace. Now I am at my year mark of owning it, and the band is ready to go again. Don't count on this watch for everyday wear", "Very nice and beautiful heart monitor, I gave it to my wife, she liked a lot. The design is modern and the functions inside is enough when you are doing your work out.Very good.", "I bought this watch for my wife as a gift.  She generally likes it.Here's what she likes:1.  It has a robust band with plenty of adjustment options.  That keeps the watch stable when she is running, riding or swimming.  It is also very comfortable and, other than pinching her the first time she put it on, has been a breeze to work with.2.  It looks cool.  The combination of leathery (not real leather) black band and shiny metal casing is nice looking.3.  The numbers are big.  Makes it easier to read.  Somewhat makes up for drawback 1.What she doesn't like:1.  The display is a bit dark.  In situations with lots of light she has to hold it at a specific angle to be able to view the display.  You can always press the light button to make the display brighter but that takes two hands and takes away the option to \"glance\" at your watch.2.  It doesn't display seconds.  When she is doing planks and whatnot she likes to be able to time the exercise in seconds.  Although I pointed out it has a stopwatch that would involve figuring out how the stopwatch works which she doesn't feel like doing.Couple of other notes:1.  The watch is larger than most women's watches.  If you are, or are buying for, a delicate flower with tiny wrists and wispy jewelry then this watch may look out of place.2.  The band is not your typical \"belt\" style band.  It is more like a synthetic leather version of a metal clasp band and has a unique closure.3.  The last Nike brand watch I bought her (for which this is a replacement) lasted only 9 months before the band detached from the watch body.  If this watch fails similarly, then I will swear off Nike watches in the future.", "Taiwan to US in 3 days.. all I can say is WOW!  Product as described! 100% authentic and my son loves these shoes! Awesome.", "My grandson loves these shoes and gets approval comments about them.  Great looking and comfortable.  He wears them more than any other shoe he has.", "The watch is cute. I've gotten a lot of comments on it. But... I didn't expect the clasp to be like it was. It's not your typical clasp. It kinda flaps over and snaps shut. There are a lot of size adjustments but it still doesn't seem to fit me right. It's either too snug or too loose. I wear it too loose and it sits sideways on my wrist. I always have to pull it or shimmy it back the right way to read the time. The buttons on the sides are sunken in and hard to push. The only thing i can get on the watch are the time (with no seconds) and the date. Although when you push the date button you have to wait for it to say \"date\" for a couple seconds then it'll display the date. Same for back to the time. It'll say \"time\" for a few seconds until it will actually get back to the time.  I believe i've read somewhere that it does more than just have the date and time it but the watch is so complicated i don't want to take the time to figure it out. This is the first time i've bought a watch online. Shouldn't have wasted my money. I don't recomend this watch.", "The shoe came in great quality and feels great performs good, only thing if your gonna play ball in these shoes you will have to keep wiping dust the of the outsole if you play on a dusty court, if you play on a clean surface the shoe will perform very well. Other than that the shoe is great and I would recommend to anyone who likes that low profile feel when playing ball.-Jabari", "Alright I am going to run through 5 Pros i like about he KDVI Basketball shoes. I play Community College Basketball In Oregon not saying anything by that but I do have some experience with basketball shoes. These right here are some of the best shoes you can find and wear. If you do not care about the shoes you buy as a player then you should not be playing the game in my opinion but we all have are own.Okay so the 5 ProsLight And CompactOkay these shoes come out to be 10.6 ounces not the lightest shoes on the market but they are light and very stable for your foot. The design of the shoe is unlike most on the market today with its new technology and design to help support your foot. The Low-Top design is built for people with quick movements and for players that need to get to one point to another in a quick fashion. Kind of like Kevin Durant in a way. These will definitely help you improve your quickness if you are a guard messing with those high tops. I have worn these for awhile and have not had any ankle problems but I do wear ankle braces for support.StyleNot Much to say on this the sleek style of the shoe is beautiful. The half over the sole is not common in most shoes and what stands out about these shoes. The material is light again and comes in a variety of colors. Its Nike brand insures that you are getting top quality for the price you pay. As a basketball player we all know style gives us confidence on the court. Look Good you Play Good. So customize these if you do end up getting a pair. Do not be stuck with looking the same as other people on the court pleaze!Support:These shoes do not hug against your foot but fit for a snug support around your foot. I have worn these for awhile and have not had any blisters bumps on the bottom or sides of my feet. But when you do wear these for the first time walk around the house and break them in before you run out on the basketball court showing your new shoes. Players go and buy brand new shoes without breaking them in before they start playing then complain about how their foot got all blistered its because you did not break them in. The mold in side of the shoes mold to your exact foot structure and size. The structure is molded perfect so that you can have that quick bounce but also that support around your foot which is key.Price:You are not paying to much for these shoes! These are top of the line shoes and if you want top of the line performance then do not go and get your shoes at big 5. Go out and buy a quality basketball shoe and even if they are not KD's buy a shoe that has been on the market for awhile and that is reliable. These shoes are perfect for what they bring to the table when you are playing. The comfort, durability, style, and performance is right for the price of these shoes.The Player Kevin Durant:If you are a person who watches and loves the game of basketball. Kevin Durant is a class A person whether you appreciate him as a player or not. He conducts himself in not only a professional way but a role model for young and old players and spectators across the country. He is a class A person who would not release a shoe that was not reliable plain and simple. He wants his shoes to work and fit comfortable for all players just like his shoes fit him in games. I hope this review helped when looking for basketball shoes.", "i got these and i thought that they were going to be cool but there not there rubber! i would not get them in eny other colorway.", "This was a gift to my son and he was very happy with the shoes.  He wears them to play basketball and is in love with the shoes.", "Awesome shoes! Everything as expected specially for paying extra $50 for a pair of KD's. Will definitely buy again! Thanks.", "I bought this watch for myself. I was concerned at first that it wasn't going to fit but I have small wrists and it fits perfectly. I like it because the numbers are big and I can get it wet when I wash my hands. It's a great buy! I'm sure it will last me for a long time.", "My wife and I got these for the coaches of our kids. We gave it to them this morning and they were very happy with them, we even got additional thank you text messages from them. This is a great watch for kids who don't prefer a digital read-out, but for ladies as well. Just take note that the Nike swoosh and the numbers are in pink. You have to look closely at the picture posted in Amazon to see this.", "The watch itself and all its features are great, albeit somewhat bulky. However, I started wearing it and not 5 days later after MILD use (no exposure to heat, water, excessive sweat or stress on bands) the band on one side detached from the watch, so I had to send it back. Clearly a design/ manufacturing problem. Will replace it with a polar watch.", "I love this watch!  Its sporty, without looking like a traditional sports watch.  This is my new everyday watch and I love it!", "I can wear it next to my fitbit flex on my non-dominant wrist (it might the a little annoying with so much on my dominant wrist)....It also looks great.  I got a compliment last weekend about it from a bridesmaid while working (I'm a wedding photographer).... so it dresses up just as well as it dresses down.Furthermore, I wear it ALL the time - even when sleeping or showering.  It's very waterproof for basic wear (I haven't swam with it on, but I don't often swim).... I have run with it (I'm a distance runner).... so it's both comfortable and durable.My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4/5 stars is because the tail end of the watch is discolored. The watch strap is (obviously) champagne, but the end of the strap is a dark grey... it looks a little dirty.  It doesn't bother me too much though nor does it stop me from wearing the watch, but it may bug others.", "I have had bad experience in the past with Nike Golf shoes of running one size too small, I had thought that they fixed this problem.  But they have not.  I had to return the shoes.  Just did not fit.  Very disappointed.", "It is great golf shoespike works well keep tight on the grasslooking good !! nice fit with a short pant and long pantsGood price", "EXCELLENT WATCH. WELL WORTH THE MONEY. EASY TO WEAR, TAKE ON AND OFF QUICKLY WITHOUT HAVING TO FASTEN STRAPS.AS ITS MADE OF PLASTIC DOESN'T CAUSE DERMATITUS (SKIN ALLERGIES)THIS IS THE 5TH ONE OF THESE I HAVE BOUGHT( I HAVE AN ORANGE AND GREEN ONE AND NOW THIS BLUE ONE) I LOVE THEM AND I WOULDN'T BUY ANY OTHER TYPE OF WATCH AGAIN .WELL PACKAGED AND SPEEDY DELIVERY AS USUAL.", "One should always TRY ON something as \"personal\" as a watch. So, rather than do that - I ordered mine on line for the LOOK- the convenience (no straps) and the ease of pressing the \"buy\" button rather than doing some actual research. I now regret not having made a sane decision. The large size appeared to be right when I read the stats, but isn't. It is too big - and too stiff to adjust to anything - including moving it up to my forearm. The digital function is hard to set - and worse yet, can't be seen in its unlit window. I bought mine on Ebay, so no return. Am definitely going to have to GIVE this away, but it was $60. and that hurts...", "Cuando lo compr&eacute; me imagin&eacute; un relojito muy basico por el precio que pagu&eacute;, pero una vez lo recib&iacute; y se lo regal&eacute; a mi novia a ella le gust&oacute; muchisimo y me di cuenta de la calidad de reloj que habia adquirido.  tiene backlight que se ve muy bien de noche y la calidad de los materiales son excelentes. mi novia me dijo que es el mejor reloj deportivo que ha tenido!!!!!", "The watch is fine, but the wrist band size was too big, I have been trying to contact the vendor for return or exchange and I haven't gotten any response yet.", "Fast delivery, nice design.  Like the alternate lenses and best of all a nice case to store them in.", "After using them for only a couple of weeks, I reached into my front coat pocket to find them broken.  The same design that makes these sunglasses so comfortable, also creates a weak point in the plastic frame!  Again these glasses were in my front coat pocket... they were not dropped, sat on, or abused in any way.  I sent pictures to Best Buy Eyeglasses and they refused to honor the warranty, only offering a 15% discount on a new pair.  At over $100 I expected a better quality product and company!", "I bought this watch for Training and Work Out purposes and it does the job well.", "These shoes are the fourth brand of running shoe I have tried since taking up running about three years ago. I brought these shoes after reading many reviews, and so far I have not been dissapointed. Shoes are ready to go out of the box, minimal break in is needed. On day three I took them out for a 7.5 mile run, and they feel like I've had them forever. Great cushioning. They are a little less rigid than other stability shoes I have owned, but provide great support. Those who want a lot of toe room should go one full size above their street shoe.About me: M, 170 lbs, reg arch, slight pronation, 9:20 pace.", "These shoes are quality for the price I paid for them.", "I don't know what it is with the Structure 10s, but it causes me to get shin splints. I don't know what they changed about it, but it is no good. I went back to running in my 9's. And what do you know? The shin splints went away. I think I will try the 11s next and hope they changed the shoe back to how it was on the 9's.", "The Nike TRIAX Air Structure 10 I purchased had a very poorly made left shoe, leaning far to the left.  It makes me wonder if it is a 'knock-off' instead of Nike.  I'll stick to my old source and style.", "Loved this watch had for over two years works great is fun and colorful. Have not had to change battery yet only complaint is the band turned a dark colors in different places I guess once you body sweats or just the chemical in you skin. Is easy to wipe done but the places where it turned black is still black so now only use when working in yard", "I really like these shoes. They seem like they will hold up for a long time and look and feel great. I don't skate that often but they seem like they would work really good for skating as well.", "Nike Mavrk Low Skate Shoe - Men's Black/Sport Red, 10.5  --  Say 10.5 but feels like 9. to narrow, too small. I gave it to a cousin with 9.5 in size", "I purchased these sneakers for my 22 year old son who has worn these in the past and they've lasted a long time.  However, he has only had this pair about 2 months and the material on the side of the one shoe is worn/torn.  It seems that there is a time limit on returns so now we are I guess forced to purchase another pair.", "The shoe was in brand new condition and fit perfectly! I bought it as a gift and saved me lots of money and the headache of finding a parking space and risking the chance that the size might not even be there! Thank you!", "Quality footwear. Roshe runs are the isht!! The colours are also alot nicer in person. The picture doesnt do them justice", "after a couple of months wearing them the suede pulled out of the sole and there is a blow-out hole at the toe on the other shoe.If you want a great looking shoe that you'll only where once in a while on a date they'd be fine but not for everyday wear in the elements of rain and whatnot.", "ITS ABOUT TIME  NIKE ,, THIS SNEAKER IS AWESOME ,, IT FEELS LIKE A CLOUD AND FEELS STRONG AND LIKE FEATHER ON MY FLAT FEET ,,, ALL THE OTHER  NIKES IN MY CLOSET WILL DONATED TO HOMELESS ,", "The shoe I already knew was going to be great I have multiple pairs now but the main point is the seller he left me a hand written note with the box it came on time and wasn't damaged or worn down love this purchase", "Was what I expected quick delevery will order soon again  nice shows I recommend to any one that is on feet a lot", "They are really comfortable and look good.  They are extremely light.  I bought them for my 17 year old.  His brother ended up ordering some and now the other brother wants some and my husband also!", "Good quality. Nice shoes.  Comfortable. Good color. Arrived promptly. Purchased as a gift for my 14 year old  grand son & he  loves them.", "most comfortable shoes ever! I love them. I love the memory foam innersoles! Be careful and don't stem in the mud in the light color", "This item was a great gift for my fianc&eacute;. He loved it and said it is very comfortable and very stylish.", "I bought these as a gift for an 8th grader.  He loved them.  He wears them to school everyday.  Thanks.", "I like, itsCool, and nice,  but i feel very surprise when i discover That it was sended form China", "These sneakers are extremely comfortable. If you have tried I pair of Roshes I highly recommend that you do. Team Roshe!", "I purchased these sneakers for my son as a Christmas gift. He loves them, he claims he wants another pair in another color.  I am so glad I purchased them for him.", "Bought the NIke as a request from my son. Not my style but my son loves it.  Says it's comfortable and stylish.", "Very comfortable shoe.  Feels great when I wear them and they look great too.  I would recommend these shoes to all my friends.", "is very good product , i like the Nike because is good quality.I don't like has the little size", "great fit. they are comfortable and the color is great.it gets a lot of attention and people always complement the color", "They are tearing really fast and easy. Good light shoes but not sturdy at all. The mesh tears easy up front", "great casual nike shoe but in my eyes far from being a good running shoe. The heel is very high and makes running unstable. I would recommend this shoe for walks and for the gym but not running, deadlifting or squating", "I LOVE ROSHE'S. Super comfortable and definitely worth the money. I had a pair of free runs and would prefer these over that. After a while the clothe fabric does rip, just make sure you clip your toe nails, you should be good.", "This product is excellent. I receieved the right size and everything. I had no problems with this product I purchased.", "The most comfortable sneaker I have ever bought by far! After wearing these, it is very difficult to switch to another sneaker. Has a great long-lasting material without the uncomfortable feel you would normally get for such quaility. Order came on time and have been wearing them ever since! I would, however, recommend getting a half a size to a size up seeing as how then run a bit small. I am normally a 9, but got these in 9.5 and they fit great!", "great running shoes,my son loves them; they're very comfortable and light weight. I highly recomend this shoes for sports or even for school!", "Great product fit my son [perfect he loves it great price! I am probaly buying another pair! love all the different clolor combos", "Great spring/summer shoe. Not really for running. Fits true to size but is also a soft mesh so there's some give.", "I DID NOT KNOW WHAT THEY WERE NOW THE YOUNGEST SON WANTS A PAIR AS WELLL.LOOKING FOR A SALE MAYBE SOON.", "it's comfortable, stylish, and I it could be used for an everyday casual situation or running or working out. It has a foam-ish sole, but it is comfy.", "Nice looking shoes but not sure if they are for 12 year old boys. The fabric is fraying around the top of the shoelaces.  He loves them.", "Fit great, good shoes. It's very comfortable. These shoes are perfect for runing. It's just great. And this seller made it come pretty fast", "My daughter (7 year old) fell in love with the color and style! The manual says it is safe for shallow swimming and snorkeling, but the moment she entered the swimming pool, the watch started beeping and screen went blank! She was so sad and disappointed, so we sent it back and got a replacement. She will not use it in the water ever! One thing to remember: the screen is a bit dark and it is hard to read the time unless you turn the internal light on.", "I will start by saying, I am not a runner, and bought these before going off to school. They were surprisingly comfy, and also very light; perhaps the lightest shoes I have owned. Although not a runner, I am a soccer player, and had to take off for a two mile run one of the first days I owned them. The sneakers, although not broken in, were perfect for the run, and left my feet in tact.I do not like to run, but these shoes make the uncomfortable task tolerable. I run twice a week, and just today ran three miles in these shoes. They are perfect for running or even just walking.", "Comfortable and I love the alternative design.  I get comments on it all the time.  The only downside is that sometimes if you hyperflex you hand, it can hit the mode button.  No big deal.", "You get what you see. It's a Nike product, you know what I mean. Great watch.", "I bought this watch a while ago, not from this seller.This review is on the completely black model.This watch had the features i wanted and had it worked as expected, i would have been really happy.Complaints:- upon set up, initial setting of the time etc. the analog hands were reluctant to start ticking. this is after i synchronised the analog time to the digital time (this has to be done manually). after messing with the analog set button for a while, it decided to start moving again. this would happen from time to time when setting the analog time. after about 6 months of use, the analog hands ceased to be reliable and eventually stopped, leaving me with only digital times.- this watch is supposed to be water proof and i hoped to be able to have this watch on all the time in all my various activities including those where the watch would be immersed in water. after my first shower, i found condensate under the glass. i opened the back and allowed this to evaporate, but even washing your hands with too much water would have caused a repeat of this atrocity. so, this watch was no longer a water resistant watch... it was barely splash resistant. i had to remove it even when taking a shower.eventually, the condensate that would inevitable occur unless i took the watch off 15 times a day, short circuited some of the display so part of the read out was no longer lit.- after a while, the time was not really readable and the watch was not keeping proper time unles i was extremely vigilant and kept setting the time.- the paint was of really poor quality and started flaking off after a few months of use.i ended up just throwing it into the garbage.i thought maybe i just got a bad egg, but some of these problems were unrelated to each other and i have seen other bad reviews.My advice.... stay away from nike watches...nike should just stick to clothes. i only boght this watch since it was on a half price discount, otherwise for a cheap reliable watch i'd go for a timex. I liked the features and there are two other models that have them...  a Tag Heuer Aquaracer and a Chopard.", "is very practical, not that commun wich was what i loved about it, on the left it has a cronometer so if you go runing this is the watch.", "They were much too large and I returned them. Pity, they look great. Just didn't have my size. O well.", "Although it's a men's NIKE it looks great on women too. Bought them for my 19 yr old daughter who works in a factory and is always on her feet.  Very comfortable. Has her large feet looking very neat.  She loves them!", "never again will i buy sneakers online, they are too big and wide for my feet, guess ill just have to give them away.", "These are really comfortable and they fit very good! Came really quickly too! Great buy and a great price. Would buy again.", "My son loves the shoes! I bought it for him to wear as school uniform shoes. He says the fit is perfect & very comfortable.", "This is a great shoe. I have 3 pairs different colors!! would recommend this shoe to others. You should get a pair as well.", "I bought this for my grandson...the fit is loose, but perfect for comfort.  The quality is top-notch and will stand up to boy's play and many, many washings!  I would buy another in another color if available...a Happy Grandmother", "My son-law wore out his last pair of nike sandals so this was just what he needed. They fit just right so are true to size.", "I'been wearing these shoes for almost six years. They are part of my daily life. I use them almost all the time while at home. I was looking for them for a while. They are very confortable light and easy to clean.  I always travel with them specially when I go to the beach. They dry off very easy...you never get tired of using them...Hope, Nike continues to deliver these FANTASTIC pair of shoes...good oportunity to show their quality.By the way, I strongly recomend them...", "I love these flip flops. This is the third pair I have bought in ten years. I wear these everywhere, beach, park, fishing on the boat.I think Nike maybe discontinueing them though.", "Fit well, seems to be good material and will last long. This is my second pare my brother and I use both of them for house use", "Ordered as a gift for my brother in law and it fits him perfectly.He has been wearing them for a few months, they hold up well.", "These are great shoes.  I use them for everything during the hot Texas summers. I highly recommend them to anyone", "My second pair.  I've tried many sandals and this design is by far my favorite.  My last pair lasted 3 years.  Too bad Nike doesn't make them anymore.  I was happy to see someone on Amazon still selling them.", "The watch is great. Good size and weight. Its strap is too weak and usually gets broken within the first six months of use.For parts or strap replacement, you must go to nikewatchrepair.com. and buy ther the special tool needed to replace the strap as well as the strap itself.", "I wanted a watch with a durable band that will hold up to strenuous activities. The watch has a band made of a very strong rubber that will not break or wear out.Also as a plus the watch face has a nice simple design and looks great.", "As the other reviewer tried to say, this is a small-sized watch, for kids or something.  This is the third of this style watch I've owned, and I love it SO much, but when I ordered this one I didn't realize this one's tiny.The \"normal\" size version I found is: WR0032-007 ... this one is blue/green, but otherwise it looks just like the one in the picture.", "while this watch looks awesome, it really isn't....every time you move your wrist, it changes the mode. and since i bought it \"used, like new\" there weren't directions with it to be able to easily tell how to reset it.", "I prefer the newer version of this without so much metal on the body (recently bought another one) but the s-shape is awesome and the large numbers are a MUST for swimming laps or running.", "The Nike watch I received from Amazon.com was everything I had hoped for.  This watch is a very good buy and is an excellent product.  I won't hesitate to use Amazon again.", "So I got these in the winter, thinking they were waterproof \"duck boots.\" They are actually less waterproof than regular sneakers. They are very comfortable, but are completely useless unless all you're going for is to look like as if you're wearing duck boots.", "My 1st pair lasted over 3 years :)I wore them almost daily :)Now on my 2nd pair,I wont recommend another sandal to anyone :)Just go with nike,you cant fail :)", "Ordered my shoe size, could hardly get on foot. Wish I had ordered 2 sizes larger. Would like to return.", "I wear a size 9.5 to 10 shoe.  Ordered size 10 but sandals are way too small to wear.  Don't see size indicated on package or shoe but can't be a men's size 10.", "The left sandal was fine and I liked the fit.  The top band on the right sandal was attached slightly wrong in manufacturing and the strap drew too tight across my foot and the sandal always sat slightly crosswise to my foot.  I wore them for a week hoping it would loosen up and sit right, it didn't.  Rather than waste my time trying to return them used I threw them out, went into MC Sports, and bought some Adidas that fit.  Not what I expected from Nike.", "Useless for use in the gym since it gets wet and then takes several days to dry out. Probably not for using in the gym.", "I ordered this item for a co- worker son. She wanted to get them something but don't have a computer. He love it!!! She said he didn't want to take them off.", "These sandals last, can be used as slippers or sandals, and hold up for a long time.  My 17 year old son loves theses.  A staple in his closet.", "Nice and soft, hugs my feet just right. At first it seemed a little small but turned out to be perfect.", "It's not wide over the foot like my previous ones purchased several years ago even though it was the same size!Unable to wear these 2 pairs I ordered!", "These sandals are not that bad. It is pretty comfortable and good fitting. Sometimes when I put the sandals on I had to push feet or force my feet to fit. I should be got 8.5 but I'm okay with 8. This item is a need and I need it to look good with my Nike Outfits. Thx", "Bought them for my boyfriend. He loved them and very quick shipping. I would recommend them to anybody looking for this item.", "Really nice sandals, look good and feel awesome on it!! i would buy it again if need it!! great product!!", "US fit of husband's size 10D that has not changed; Construction very well made, stylish, expected of Polo brand; US men's size require one size up than you usually order; having to reorder. I hate returns. :(", "Truly ballin in these. make you look like a straight stunner. G status in these slides. so ballin, big pimpin.", "I'm tall. My feet are 12 1/4\" long and 4.75\" wide--standard for size 15. Unfortunately these size 15 sandals were short *and* narrow. You may have to upsize your order.I'm exchanging for 16s or Adidas Duramos. I have worn out size 14s of those--they fit. I like the concave footbed but the upper material rubs my top foot. The Nike Swooshs' have a top foot cushion but with a flat footbed.Both sandals have comparable prices so try them out.", "Not as good of quality as it looked.  Just a bit small for the size.  A little pricey for the quality.", "I love the smell.They feel so confortable.They feel great.They are worth the money , and have no regrets at all.", "Great sandals, fit. regular size. excellent queality nice to use in cold weather too with socks, look great really. bye", "Great sandles, but fit kinda small. I had to give them to my brother. I ordered a size twelve, but maybe a 14 would have been better. Great quality and comfort though ( my bro loves them )", "The shoe is the correct length, but the unadjustable strap is alil too small I had to stretch it out over time so that it would some what fit. Great price.", "There amazing and worth the money! I wear them everywhere cause they look too nice.They fit perfectly and are soft.", "Somewhat snug around the feet i just bought a size up from my regular size other that no they are very good sandals", "I had hoped that these would be a little wider. I have somewhat narrow feet and I still feel like these slip-ons choke my feet a little. I usually buy soft house shoes, but I thought I'd get with the times and try these. I wear a 10.5 in shoes so I figured a .5 size up and I'd be comfortable in these, but not exactly. Maybe a full size up would be best.", "These work really well for after soccer to save the cleats from getting ruined on the pavement.  They offer a little support for tired feet, too.  Product came on time and as described.", "They were a gift for my boyfriend and he loves them. True to size and exactly as they are pictured. Great price. Nice sandal.", "I use these are shower flip flops so I havent the experience of putting these through the rigors of daily life, but so far so good.  They are thick, comfy, feel durable, and they dry out within 24 hours with no wierd odors.  The one dowsize I found is the sizing.  I ordered a size up like everyone suggested and they are still a bit too tight.  I ordered 3 pairs so maybe I shoulda ordered one first and THEN ordered the next sizes, but whatever, they work great.", "Ok sandals.  But I prefer the ADIDAS.  I have a wide foot, the ADIDAS fit fine, but were and were regular width. These were uncomfortably tight.  So if you are like me, with a wide foot (2E), and cant find any wide shower shoes, pass on these.  I only bought them because I lost one of my ADIDAS and couldn't order another pair without paying shipping.", "Fabulous fit, look great, feel awesome, and best of all, great price and great service. Delivered as promised and I am thrilled.", "Great pair of slides that have lasted me well the past 2 years. Very comfortable and can be worn with socks which is a huge plus for me. The only reason I give them 4 stars instead of 5 is because they stay wet for a LONG time! If you are using slides to shower with, I would recommend a different pair so that they dry out quicker. It can get annoying to have wet slides for days afterwards.", "Super cozy, I bought them for my boyfriend for his brithday and he wears them all the time and says they're very cozy. Shipped here early and looked just like the picture.", "Run small in size, not happy with product, too much of a hassle to returnneed to order 1 size bigger", "I ordered size large and the length was about right.  But the fit over the mid foot is too small and my foot doesn't stay in the sandal.  I have a flat arch so the fit must be especially small.", "just love it, good cushion, fits perfect. like the other products of this brand, just perfect. if you wanna walk for a long time", "Comfortable sandles for after sports or even just to kick back at home or wherever. They somewhat shape to your feet you can say after a while so they only get more comfortable. The design fresh all black with leather front and the big White Nike Swoosh! They have lil bumps where your foot goes and those shape they relaxing Chanklas! ha Low budget they good enough.", "size not consistnet with known measure foot size.  bridge too tight for my normal sized foot.  1 star rating here.", "Amazing slippers long lasting and versatile. Looking for slippers here they are definitely worth purchasing and using. I used them to play basketball and for everyday around the house use.", "They look amazing and are super comfortable. However, they are smaller across the strap than I thought and they're not adjustable, so that sucks. Get a size larger than normal.", "I had to return this item, because it was too narrow for my foot and very uncomfortable for me to wear.", "got these for my son that wears a size 15 and they fit great but didnt know they wasnt adjustable but that was on me but good shipping time and thank you", "This was  a good buy and I am satisfied.  I  feel  that they are fairly priced, and from an excellent company.  I do havea little problem keeping them on my feet.  I have found that if I drag my feet, they will stay on better.  Over all, I am wellpleased.", "These sandals were too small on my feet and I figured a size five would fit me since its Mens", "I got these for my mom so she would stop stealing mine. They were different than mine, though, because they are significantly tighter around the foot. Because of this there is extra pressure on the sole, which would be fine if the sole of the shoes weren't so firm. She's tried breaking them in, but ultimately is still stealing my shoes every day.", "Got these for my son..they fit very well . The expected quality of a Nike product very satisfied with my purchase.", "Classic sandals and they fell good on your feet. make a statement with these classical shoes by buying you a pair", "Fit well and very comfortable, . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . .", "Great sandles, only have worn a couple times and are fitting a little tight, waiting on them to stretch out.", "They are extremely comfortable and fit perfect.the sandals are a  good choice in a shoe if you are looking into sandals", "my grandson loves these slippers and if he's happy i am happy thanks we will be back for more soon", "I really like the fit and quality of these. I use them around the house and after any races (runner). Would buy again", "They fit too tight.  I would suggest ordering two sizes up rather than the size you wear so they will fit better.", "I bought these sandals for my son since the stores rarely carry size 15 sandals let along shoes as well. It cut down the time I spent driving and calling to find my son some sandals he can actual fit an wear to be comfortable after a basketball game, thanks for having his size.", "It was used on a vacation trip and they wore very comfortably I would advise other people to purchase them for the comfort.", "Love this sandal.  Fits perfectly and the traction on smooth wet surfaces is great.  Very comfortable.  I would recommend this sandal for those looking for a great, comfortable sandal.", "I purchased these sandals for a family member. They found them to be comfortable and wear them daily around the house primarily but have worn them out of the home. I purchased these over 3 months ago and they still look new!! This sandal will easily wear for 2-4 years before needing replaced!", "I JUST WISH THE WOULD COME MORE WIDER ,AT LESS'' WW''BUT FOR THE REST THEY ARE CONFORTABLE AND NICE TO WALK WITH THEM.", "The shoes was just as expected. They fit real good, very soft. I would recommend to anyone that need some. Thank you", "Not a bad pair of sandals for the price. Very light. I prefer the thong type sandals(flip flops) over these usually, especially Reefs. But Reefs are more pricey. These Nike sandals are good value though.", "These shoes are a little snug but once you break them in they fit perfect. I bought them at a great price.", "My son has size 18's, and you know there are not enough places out there that cater to the tall and large footed.  These are comfortable and the perfect size, and bonus ~ a great price ~ something I never seem to get!  Thanks!", "These were some pretty nice sandals I liked how they fit my foot . it gives my feet comfort and movability.", "The quality of the slippers are OK but the sizes run small order at least a size or two bigger then you actually need also the width run narrow so if you have wide feet like I do you ,may want to order something else.", "Well packaged, correct size, and then checked for accuracy then promptly shipped to me. I couldn't have asked for it another way especially since it was competitively priced.", "Bought these flip flops for my husband. He says they're very comfortable. Arrived very quickly. Item as described. He likes them.", "Quality looks good but the over strap is way too tight to be size 12. 10 1/2 maybe but that's not what I ordered.", "I wear size 8, so I bought size 7 for my wife. They're a good fit and comfortable for her. Better than the Adidas ones with the velcro strap that rubs at the edges.", "These come up when searching 'shower shoes' however, they are definitely not designed for that use.  As others have stated, the cross-strap is absorbent and takes a long time to dry out. Also I've found that they are not non-skid, which makes them somewhat dangerous to wear in the shower.  I only wish I had read the other reviews before deploying to Afghanistan--lesson learned.", "I should have listened to some of the previous reviews more.  I wear a size 10 in pretty much every show I own (even other Nike shoes), but the size 10 I ordered in these just do not fit well.  The strap isn't high enough to leave room for your foot, so you almost have to squeeze them on every time rather than them just sliding on.  Then, the sole has a texture to it which I think would typically be very comfortable, but the strap being so tight makes the contours hurt against the bottom of your feet.  The length and width of the shoe seem to be a perfect fit, so I wouldn't really want a bigger size; just the strap to have a little more space for your foot.", "I ordered these for my boyfriend. They came in the time expected and he likes them very much. The only thing is that the part that goes over the top of the foot is somewhat tight. We are hoping that once he wears them more they will stretch out a bit.", "Bought these for my husband he loves them,he can wear them with socks or without socks. Thats why i bought them", "Nice slippers, I like them better than the old addidas slippers I had that tended to get a little smelly from the pool, sauna because of drainage issues caused by the massage sole.  however, I ordered size 12 (I am size 11) and they are still a little too snug.", "Considering these are a Nike brand name product as well as in a larger size than your average shoe store carries, I was surprised to see them at such a reasonable price. They arrived sooner than expected. On top of all that, they are super comfortable. Not much else to say. I'm impressed.", "THIS ITEM WAS FOR MY SON'S TRIP....I orders men's size 11...I got a woman's shoe...Enough said...YOU NEED TO PAY A LITTLE BIT MORE ATTENTION TO WHAT YOU'RE SENDING OUT......A VERY UNHAPPY CUSTOMER...NEEDLESS TO SAY, HE WENT ON THE TRIP WITHOUT THEM...", "Fit comfortably enough, however they are a little snug.  My big complaint with these sandals is that they are not adjustable.  If they were adjustable, they would get 5 starts.", "It is totally plastic and it is obviously not an original product from nike. I recommend not to buy this product.", "I gave them to a friend. He has smaller feet than I do. It worked out for me because I owed him some cash and the gift took the place of some of that", "Fits very well. Material can be wet and still wears well. My son loves then. Says they are very confortable.", "Got one size up;  takes a few weeks to &#34;break them in&#34;;  love the feel now;  easy to clean up;  live in sunny climate and thus wear my sandals often;  predicting they'll last a few years at least.", "My son son told me they were perfect. They fit great. Good to use in the shower too. Good purchase.", "its great but not as comfortable.as i thought it would be. but you will feel the padding under your foot. you do get your moneys worth", "Slide sandals were too small. Also, MSR price was on a printed tag in the shoebox, and it was $8 less than what I paid. Not good!", "Too smal it says 8 but it's really small but it's a good sandals, the quality and everithing is good everything is exelent, it's just the size, is toooo small", "i wanted a watch, using the cell phone for it is not cool at all, all the time having to pull out the thing... fat chance... im using this for the gym, quite usefull and the backlit is great, in low light conditions you can see the time in great detail, big font, and the construction is ready for someone who espects to be sweating like hell at the gym.recommended for active people", "Always a fans of Air max. The narrow toes will widen up as it get broken in. Love the colors.", "No chance to try them because they are too big and i did not wear them at all but the y look nice", "I love the color and style. Nike has always been my best go to shoe for quality and style. I will always buy Nike shoes. The merchant sent them quick and in a great package.", "The design of these shoes is great, the combination of colors, makes them stand out more, they are comfortable and look great. Recommended completely.", "Love these shoes. Nice and comfortable, look great. I've really enjoyed how resilient the body material of the shoe is. It stays clean and are easy to wipe down. Quality shoe from Nike. Recommend for anyone.", "These Nike air max shoes run on the large side. Order at least half size less than your regular Nike size.", "Just received ,y nike air max ltd's. they arrived in tack and not as quick as iv'e heard others say but there was a weekend in there. anyway I tried them on and were a little narrow but after just a short time walking around have begun to loosen up. feel great. I searched mulitble websites for sneakers, believe me countless hours online,to my wife's chagrin. I always come back to nike and  the air max line. Brilliant colors, quality product, .foot doc said to walk on hard floors all day like I do to get a hard soled shoe. these have that,yet comfortable. can't wait to wear them and try them out. a must have for sneakerheads like me. ok on to researching the next ones. amazon Rocks.remember they run 1/2 a size small. I take a ten but ordered a 10 1/2 and they fit perfect.", "i did return because now a 9 is to small. So i've orderd the same shoe in a larger size.  Growing feet!", "it looks good, i think it is not a leather made(It is the reason i bought it), but still OK!", "very cool shoes, my 15 yr old with very discriminating tastes loves them. Yes they were authentic as I know that's what most customers wonder when buying name brands online.", "I wanted to go back to digital but also wanted something stylish.  I am very satisified so far.  The watch is much lighter than I expected and was used to.  I wear it to work only and would not recommend it for heavy sport as it is reported to not have the strongest band.  After a few months, I am extreemly happy with this watch.", "It's a good watch, but maybe not for the price. If you can have it cheap, go for it.Pros:- Beautiful, people will be impressed by it looks;- Cool negative display;- Easy reading, big numbers, but not as easy as a normal display in white with black numbers;- Good features: chrono showing actual time, 2 interval timers, 2 alarms;- Easy setup, cool animations for ones;- Easy battery change (I changed myself twice, never did before)- Hard to find, so it's exclusiveCons:- 50M- Fragile, I don't think it survives any beating- Titanium is easily scratched- Bracelet links WILL have issues- Battery life not very good- Hard to find, so if there's any problem, there aren't any parts to buy, like bracelet links", "Good Day,Just got my new nike Torque titanium watch just today may 29, 2008 at firsti so excited thinking the thing would look neat and shiny, but when i openthe box to my surprise the color(titanium) was a bit dark and the straps was loaded with scratches which is the one thing i hate(scratches),and when u try it on your wrist i felt it was a bit too wide, i thought in the pic it was a perfect size, and the one thing dat bother me was the dull color...and the lock was not that smooth when opening or unlocking the strap. But no more complains because i paid for it already.Dr.Spencer LeePhilippines", "Barcelona is my favorite team and this jersey was an excellent choice. has a slim fit feel and the color combination works well", "I love this watch the time/day/date is huge it's so easy to see...specially when your running on treadmill or outside....My arm may shake but now I can see the time easier.", "i love this watch..i wear this to work..very light..also received a lot of comments--style is beautiful...fast shipping!!!will definitely order again!!", "This watch was bought a couple of years ago and I've been wearing it a lot and even had to change the battery at least once (easy to do).  The watch has big buttons that are intuitive in their use and follow the standard functionality for such watches.  The display could be a little easier to read in spite of the large characters.  For some reason, the contrast is not as high as my old eyes would like, especially in low-light conditions.  I still like this watch even after all those years...", "I wear this watch to work and the gym daily.  I haven't had a single instance with this watch itching or irritating my skin whatsoever.  Highly recommend very good craftsmanship.", "I love this watch!  The features are easy to work, and easy to see.", "fits comfortably on wrist, stylish.  Display saves battery life but is readable.  Challenging to synchronize.  Ergonomic smart design.  Compares to a previous Nike watch I owned favorably.", "I love the style of the watch, but display is hard to read, impossible in daylight.Dimly lit characters against a black background! Pay attention to the pictures of other Triax Mia watches, you will see the difference in display clarity on other models!Will purchase another one with more clarity. Watch is very comfortable, love the styling, just wish I had paid attention!!!Also, had to put a battery in, took it to a jeweler, very difficult to remove battery cover!Watch will do until I am able to buy another!", "I had a problem, and these cleats fixed it.I bought an Adidas cleat from a sporting goods store. It was the wrong size. It fit in the store, but I broke my big toenail in my first practice. I researched for a week about cleats and found out that Nike's fit wider at the toes than Adidas. Using a comparison tool on soccer.com website (you gotta use try out that \"See How it Fits\" tool there), I figured that switching to Nike and moving one size up would make the perfect cleat for me. It was. The Nike Tiempo Natural IV worked perfectly in my first game. They fit like a glove that is snug, but so giving without any slippage. It's like night and day. I love these cleats and with I had regular running shoes that were like these cleats.", "Comfortable. It has a great shape and make to feel good my feet. it is recommendable. no doubt in buy it", "Have only worn them a few times but really feel comfortable. Have had trouble in past finding shoes that fit but these are perfect.Good overall shoe!", "Very comfortable, good looking sneaker.  No fancy stuff, no strange colors.  Look cool and classy.  I recommend them for everyday use as well as for sports.", "Well what can I say.Does not look like I am trying out to be a rodeo clown ha ha haaaa.But the styling is nice the fit is comfortable but still need time to brake in.Seems like they do feel a little big for the size but not enouph to drop down a size.The soles are very thin.Tall people with a hight syndrome will be happy.Not sure how long they will last but price was right for a good work shoe.Maybe they are to nice for work but im happy with them.", "I've waited for this shoes so long because of the procedure in my company. I am satisfied with my shoes so far even i just got them today i like to wear everytime! Nice shoes and top recommended seller! Thank you!", "Shoe was a bit tight at first around the ball of the feet but stretched out after a day.  I have small feet and it's hard to find a shoe like this that fits well, they are usually too narrow.", "I enjoy this watch, wear it almost everyday. It fits very well and is extremely comfortable. Would buy again. Speedy delievery.", "This is the most comfortable experience my feet have ever had, including a walk in the sand.  I have the black pair, which have lasted three years of hiking, landscaping, oil painting and accidentally dumping turpentine on them more than once in my studio.  They dry in about five minutes and pop right back to their original shape and condition.  Amazing.  I wanted to order another color or two, but they are currently out of my size.  I think that might be not a bad thing because I worry that I will wear nothing else...ever.", "feels like running on soft pillows, strings not too long and color is great this shoe is true to description.", "These shoes are NOT \"authentic\" Nikes. Personally, they are the worst knock offs I have ever seen. Amazon should ban \"Virtual Exchanges\" from their website. VE is a JOKE. I received these shoes in a fake Nike box and knew I was in trouble before I even looked at the shoes themselves. No quality in these guys. Please stay away!!! I even had to pay a 10.00 restocking fee for sending them back, all in all it was 20.00 lesson learned. Buy from known shoe stores....Finish Line, Footlocker, Champs, Footaction, etc. STAY AWAY FROM VIRTUAL EXCHANGES and their FAKE SHOES!!!", "This watch is super cool.  I have never had so many people tell me that I have a cool watch - the car rental lady, my boss, the guy at White Castle, random other strangers... all agree that my watch is cool.The jury is still out on how durable it is... but after a month or so, I am pretty happy with this watch in both form and function.- UPDATED REVIEW - After a few months, I have to unfortunately downgrade my rating of this watch.  The durability became an issue just as I had originally feared.  The crystals on the face of the watch eventually broke internally leaving my display somewhat messed up and hard to read - one of the buttons simply came off.  I would have to say this is probably the last Nike watch I will ever buy.", "When I received my initial order, the watch would not stay on despite changing the power save feature to off. I figured it must be a bad battery, which, based on previous reviews, has been issue for other consumers. I immediately emailed the company that sold it via Amazon and they emailed me a FedEx postage label to return it to them free of shipping costs. Within one week, I received a brand new watch and I have not had any issues with it to this point. The face is large and very readable although the backlight feature may seem dim to some people. The functions of the timer and chronograph are tricky and require some studying of the product brochure, however, they are manageable once you get the hang of it. Otherwise, the rubber strap is comfortable and unique in style with a 3-prong latch that would fit any wrist. Overall, its a sturdy Nike product and I would recommend it for everyday wear as well as for trips to the gym, outdoor runs and biking trials.", "I bought this watch cause i liked it a lot, 2 months later the light didnt work and would make the watch go crazy if you tried turning it on, 3 months later... battery dead nice watch no doubt about, horrible quality.", "I wear leg braces for CMT and finding tennis shoes to wear on regular day are difficult because of the size of my feet with my braces.  I wear a 12 naturally but a 14 with my braces on in tennis shoes and 13W in dress shoes of the proper make.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone who's looking for a sharp pair of Nike that provide good ankle stability and fit comfortably.", "A little tight in the middle could be wider but for the most part I love them. Great but for a good shoe", "Bought these shoes for my husband for Christmas and he loves them! He plays intramural basketball for work and needs good shoes. These were not too pricey, but are a great fit.", "Not much to say. I'm old, so i want comfort, and that's what I got! Appreciate the cushion underfoot. Enough flex in the ankle.", "I bought these sneakers for my son as well as another pair--different style.  He thought he liked the other style until he put these on and they were so comfortable and a good fit that he asked me to return the other style and order another pair of these.", "These were light weight and were great for shipping out of the country.  Our son loved them.  Kind of scary sending shoes to another country without him trying them on, but it turned out great.", "This shoe is sized well and is attractive.....the only reason I'm not giving it a higher rating is that there is next to no arch support and the padding in the sole is also next to non-existent.  Made in Vietnam and probably cost less than $10 to make.", "I wish Nike would make these shoes forever.  After receiving these shoes, I put them onand wore them for 8 eight hours straight.  There was a small breaking-in period on the first daylike most shoes.  The next day -  the shoes were as comfortable as the last two pair ofNike Overplay VII that I have purchased and worn.Quick delivery and product was as describe.  I would purchase them again (if available).", "One of the sides ripped open a little sooner than I would have expected, but I definitely got my use out of them for the price. Considering buying another pair.", "These are the second pair of Nike I have ordered from Amazon for my 12yr old and he really love these black Nike he said they were \"off the change\" which mean \"awesome\"....lol!", "I bought this for my stepson. He seems to be happy with it, so i assume it is good. Yes", "this shoe was a bis disappointment to me. the shoe is very stiff and uncomfortable to wear. i was only able to wear them twice. the blister on my heel was so bad that it took about 2 weeks to heal.", "You can't go wrong with a pair of NIKE's.  My grandson loves his NIKE's  I don't believe he wears anything but...", "These shoes are durable and comfortable. But tend to run about a half size small. I recommend ordering a size bigger.", "Great fit.Nice shoe.Nice price.Nice look.Very fast shipping and delivery.I would recommend this shoe and supplier to anyone who is a smart shopper.", "Expected to be less comfortable, feel a lot of comfort in using them, are great when it rains it does not get wet when you walk on the gun puddle.", "They seemed tight as my son was putting them on but once he loosened the laces up, they were a perfect fit.", "Estos tennis se los mande a comprar a mi hermano y se ven muy bien y el me dice que se sienten muy bien cuando esta en el juego", "Very good product. They run a tad large but its not to bad. But overall have fit well so far and are very comfortable.", "perfect size and fit..love them and use them in every game....they fill wonderful and light..will buy another pair very soon...", "Good shoe so far.. They fitted a little snugged at first but after I played a couple of games in them, they broke in nicely. Real comfortable when hooping.", "Bought these cause they said they were 3E, but once I got them they seemed the normal width.  They also were not comfortable and the cushioning wasn't good either. I went to Dicks and tried on Under Amour microG's. They do not some in wide, but they are made wide at toe foot joint where my foot is wide and are the lightest most comfortable bball shoe I've worn in all my playing days. Make the switch America, there is a new player and it isn't Nike!Amazon was great, fast shipping and return was easy, kudos to Amazon!", "Was hesitant to purchase shoes online, however these have great support and is a great product if you are not looking to spend over $100 on basketball shoes!", "I play basketball like 3 times per week and this shoes is very hard, I have 6 months using it and still looks like new!", "I Must Admit, These Nikes Have A Great Look, They Look Better In Person, Although, I Would Recommend Getting A Half Size Bigger Than Your Normal Shoe Size. It Also Arrives Quickly, 1 Day Before Estimation, Now If Anything Should Occur During My Ownership Of It, I Will Update As Soon As Possible.", "I got these for my son, who plays basketball in addition to general PE and running around. He loves them -- they fit him perfectly without needing to be broken in at all (kind of rare for him). Additionally, he said his friends all said how cool they looked (not bad for a middle schooler). Great pricing for them, too.", "I will continue to order my shoes this way. Cheaper than buying them in the stores and  they fit great.", "These shoes are a great buy. Ankle support is great and the shoes are pretty light. Still breaking them in and have a few blisters on my toes but that's probably due to the fact that I just started getting in to basketball not too long ago. Will update later on.", "It's just a shoe. There's not much more to say... I like it... I'll probly buy the next pair at the store because the shipping and handling is expensive...", "I purchased these shoes to rotate into my basketball league shoes, and as soon as they arrived I threw them on for a game. They broke in relatively quickly and seem to be the quality expected in a Nike shoe.", "Love the color, they are comfortable, and they were available in a size 15 for only $60. I always go up half a size in nike sneakers and it works out well. Love this shoe! 3/4 insoles are used in side them and leather holds up well does not look stretched out.", "I was really impressed with the timely shipping and the shoes looked great.  The color was just as it was shown in the photo and dad loves them....", "Small size is still not used. A little on the small size but my feet will soon buy such quality.", "I bought these to replace a pair of defective and1 basketball sneakers. Having owned a similar pair of NIKE before this one I purchased these. I must say that compared to many other brands that claim to be basketball worthy....these seem to be the best brand out there in terms of build quality.", "Fits as expected. Comfortable of course. Well made and looks great. I even get compliments. Would buy these without hesitation once more.", "Really not much to say but that this was a great deal on an awesome pair of kicks. My son loved them!", "Great sneakers for my son for school. And for the price you cannot go wrong with these sneakers. Good deal!", "this shoes came as expected, new in its own original package , so I don't have any complain about it.regards", "The high ankle support is great. I was concerned I wouldn't have as much lateral movement as I wanted but as I used them I didn't really have any issues. They have all the arch support I wanted to help prevent plantar fasciitis. It didn't take very long to have them broken in fairly well, maybe a day or two of playing ball.I popped a ProFoot 2oz. miracle insole into mine just for a little more comfort but I didn't really feel like it needed it.I really don't have anything negative to say about the shoes. All the other reviews were very positive and now I understand why.", "These shoes are so comfortable, stylish, and inexpensive. I would recommend these shoes to anyone who likes comfort as well as style.", "I had not played basketball in a few years and I decided to get back into it, so I did something I never do.  I bought shoes online without trying them on.  I was worried, but they fit just right.  They give my weak ankles support.  They are very comfortable and nice.  Most new shoes give me blisters, but these were great.  I will continue to buy these shoes.", "Bought these for my son for league basketball.  The fit was spot on, he wears a size 8 and these fit like theey were made for him.  They stood up extremely well to over 30 games of his season and still look like new.  During basketball he would only wear them for games though.  They provided great support and he wants the same shoes next season.", "It was exactly what I was looking for complete with a snug fit.  I'm wearing them and loving them.  I may even get another pair.Sebastian", "These are almost like a boot and provide good protection when riding a moto scooter. They do rub the tops of my toe a little so I'm wearing thick socks. Hope this goes away or else I will give them to my teenager where they will be relegated to study hall chair tipping, running the streets and to being put on and off w/o adjusting the laces.", "returning shoes for a bigger size.i will need a size 16 sent out please. the 15 fits like a 14.", "True to size.  Unbeatable quality for $60.  I bought these as my outdoor shoes because my indoor shoes are sacred lol.Similar feel to a lot of the lebrons and have a similar cut to them as well.  Not the lightest bball shoes I've owned but I would still def consider them lightweight.  and they sport solid ankle support.Great shoes, might get another pair to back my indoor paid", "Wear a 7 1/2 got an 8 the shoe still felt too small but after a couple of daythe began to feel comfortable", "They fit as they should. We buy lots of Nikes, an these were what we expected.Probully buy more soon. Useing Amazon is the way to buy.", "Highly recommend. Was hesitate about getting them because I couldn't try them on but they are great. Perfect basketball shoe!!!!", "I bought these shoes for my boyfriend. They are at good quality. He loves them. Thanks to Amozon and the mailman.", "I had surgery on one foot so they fit a little tight on that one but good on the other. I love the boots they are some of the most comfortable I have ever worn.", "This sexy timepiece brought to us Nike is as functional as it is beautiful.  I bought it as a gift, she loved and all her friends complimented on it as well, I felt way cool.  It arrived sooner than scheduled!", "I love this watch! It functions well and is very stylish for a digital watch. If you are considering purchasing-go for it!The only small problem was that I did not like the fastner-sort of cumbersome. But I am still happy with the watch.", "Purchased this for my wife who works in health care and can really wear out a watch with dings and scratches. This Nike however has passed that test with flying colors. Outside of having to change the battery after a year, great buy!", "The unusual design is what attracted me to this design.  It is just a little different from the average sports watch.  I like the angled face, the band is slim and sleek and the display is easy to read.  The only downside is that the angle of the face combined with the fact that the face is very large means that the watch doesn't fit me in the normal watch position of just above the wrist bone (it hits the bone) so I have to wear it below the wrist bone which isn't as comfortable and ends up being under the sleeve of a long sleeved top.", "This is supposed to be a 'women's' watch.  I bought it as a gift for my 5'3', 110-lb daughter.  It was TOO SMALL to fit on her wrist.", "This watch is excellent, love it, I use it every day and is very comfortable and lightweight.", "great watch for a young lady. she does soccer and swim and all is good with this watch. great price too.", "thats all okay. The produc came to my house is spain very fast. I like it.", "The wristband only fits the smallest of arms.  My child's arm was too big for this watch...even though the band was long enough, the face of the watch is to rigid to lay flat on anything but the smallest of wrists. Also, the stopwatch only goes to 60 minutes.", "I bought this product for my sister about a year and a half ago. While it was great while it worked and adjusting the settings was very simple, the item ran out of battery within 9 months of me purchasing it and there is no simple way to replace the battery. And the actual product is actually a soft pink rather than a hard pink like it shows in the pictures.", "Bought this as a present and gets a lot of compliments. It is very unusual.", "Bought this for my daughter.  She loves the look of the watch and wears it a lot.  The complaint I have is that the band which is a thin plastic has now broken for the second time :(  basically cracked all the way through.  Too bad its a very cute watch.", "Came with licking. one hand wash over sink and it was gone, sent back to USA via friend to repair.......", "I bought this watch in aqua blue a year ago.  I purchased it for a cruise, and planned on using it for activities and sports after the cruise was complete.The watch looks nice, but I must question the quality.  One of the side buttons popped out after just two weeks of use!  Luckily it popped back in and it hasn't happened again.  Also, the strap was dark black when I got it.  But after a few hours in saltwater, the black became very faded.It's not a bad watch, but I would look at other options.", "High quality. Good product and price.  Color same as shown online in picsFits well. Not too bulky for small wrists.", "I like Nike watches but this watch is too dark to read the numbers.  I have to hit the \"light\" button at times, to be able to see what time it is. It does look nice. There aren't many nice looking digital women's watches out there that are good to wear when you need to wear something other than sports clothes.  Why aren't there dressier digital women's watches?", "When first received, I could not set the watch, was told battery not functional. The Seller was most helpful. In fact, the problem involved a tendency to lose the running function when wearing long sleeve shirts. If the cuff should bump a set function button, and the watch is so new the learning curve requires close attention, it is easy to conclude the instrument is not functioning properly! The problem is one of design, not involving the seller, save he might advise how functions can be changed accidentally by a shirt or jacket cuff. But this seller came through in excellent fashion.", "As a former fashion consultant for Neiman Marcus, I'm picky...picky about style, comfort, fit, support.  Sometimes I think working at Neiman may have doomed me to forever be overly picky! :pI've been shopping for shoes for months, & so glad I found this. I luv that it's not overly \"sporty\" looking...it has a nice material & classic lines. Also love that the thong is flat, not round...this should prevent getting blisters at the beginning of each Summer. Most important, they are SO comfy for a flip flop....they've got a little \"cush!\" While they don't exactly have arch support, it's rare to find a basic flip flop with that...but these should be great for everyday errands that require a lot of walking (especially where my back would hurt after a lot of walking on hard floors from other flip flops). If I find they work for my major walking days, I may have to get another pair!", "I bought this exact pair last year and loved them and was very dissapointed when my new puppy chewed one of the straps of one of the sandels, I looked for them everywhere and was delighted I found them on Amazon at a great price, LOVE, LOVE these they are so comfy and the price is great, would totally recommend to others.", "I think the flip-flops were okay, but they're not as nice as I wanted them to be. They were a bit too narrow, and the thong part was not as soft as I expected. However, the padding was really nice and made it a lot more comfortable walking around. Honestly, I think it was a bit too expensive ($33 + $9.95 shipping) for the quality (I also saw Macy's selling same type of flip-flop for $23.99, albeit in a different color). All in all, these flip-flops were okay, but a bit too expensive for the quality.", "These flip flops are the best I have ever had. I moved to Florida in 2006 and bought my first two pairs than. I buy new pair every year, they are excellent. Very soft, like walking bare foot. They fit perfectly and look great.", "My first pair of Nike flip flops lasted for 7 years! I would definately recommend this product - they are made with high quality materials and are extremely comfortable!", "Love love love these flip flops for around the house so I had to snatch 2 pairs up when I saw them on Amazon.  They do not sell these anymore at Nike stores.", "WOW,it's a true comfy fit with style.  They look cute & are fabulously comfortable.  no stiffness or edges that pinch or bind.  lots of cush to wear them for lots of walking.", "My favorite type of flip flop! They stay on my feet and never hurt between my toes.  This will be my 6th pair to own so far.  My others have been nearly worn out.", "I just bought my second pair of these sandals.  I LIVE in these during the summer, and these are the only flip flops I've ever thought were comfortable.  They stay on my feet without me having to curl my toes at all while I walk, and the cushioning is just right.  I have worn them on long walks on uneven terrain and they stay comfortable the whole time.  Also, I usually have trouble with my toes going over the edge of flip flops but this does not happen with my Nikes.  This is my perfect every day summer shoe.Note: I have seen them for a lower price from other retailers, so you may want to shop around.", "I love these flip flops.  I live in Ontario Canada and I have been searching for Navy Blue ones, and the Tan ones in a size 8.  I can't seem to find either colour.  Can someone help me?", "These are hard to find - glad I was able to get it!  Perfect arch support for me.  Last quite awhile too.", "I have several pairs of the Celso Girl by Nike.  I have pheriphal neuropathy in my feet (burning) and these are the only shoes that I can wear.  I love them.", "Classic flip flop. Hold up well, and very comfortable. Fits true to size. One great thing I love about Nike, they are actually true to size!!!", "Even better looking than pictured. Very comfortable and reasonably priced. Shoes came much sooner than expected. Will definitely purchase from this vendor again", "My son got these for his birthday and all his friends now want them! He swears he can jump higher in them! Lol!", "I have had these for over a year and though they are extremely comfortable they really do squeak. Beware on this product.", "I got this watch for my 7 year old to help him come home on time when at a friend's house.  He also uses the countdown timer, as well as the alarm to get up in the morning for school (which helps mom alot!)  We taught him how to use it, and he has no problems using it.  Great watch for school age children.", "Gotta say they are great, high resistance, I bought it like 2 years ago, and today they are beggining to peal a little bit in the piece between the glasses, however, is in the inside, so people can't see it.", "Unfortunately the shoes you receive will not be the ones in the picture (brown and tan). The shoes are bright pink, yellow, white, black and blue....not even close to the neutral colors displayed. I sent an e-mail to Backcountry and never got any response. I think they are terribly ugly but my son was tired of waiting for new shoes so he wore them anyway.Disappointed Mother", "this watch is $70.00 everywhere i have looked, amazon has the  best prices  of anybody!!!", "I really like many of the options that this watch has, especially the Pace option.  Also, pressing the button for the light isn't much of an issue, unlike what the other posted stated.  The only issue that I have with the watch is the small band.  I am an average size male, and can only use the last two (of the six) holes on the band.  It isn't a major issue since I can wear it, but it is close.  You might want to find a local store that has the item (Super vs Regular) before you order, just to make sure.", "This is the best watch I have ever bought.I 100% recommand this porduct", "The watch has the basic functions needed and appears to be very durable (but heavy).  I run at night; so I am disappointed that the watch does not have an option to automatically turn on the light when a button is pressed.", "The face is very easy to read. The light also works well in dark conditions. I love that it will give you the average time of your laps and the best lap time over the course of a run so you don't have to figure that avg. out yourself. I have not used the workout/interval function yet so I can not comment on that but it seems like it would be very useful if you did that sort of training. The only drawback that I see is that when your wrist and watch get wet it takes a very long time to dry. It makes sense since rubber is not very breathable, but I guess I did not think of that before since I had never owned a watch with a rubber band. Overall I am happy with this purchase as it does exactly what I bought it to do.", "I love this watch. The wrist strap design is much improved over Nike Triax Speed which tended to come apart at hinged points. Triax Fury has a nicely contoured uni-body design for watch and strap (no hinge points). Display is easy enough to read although the crystal is a flat plane and can reflect light (on this point, the Triax Speed was superior due to its rounded magnifying crystal). I am very satisfied with the Nike Triax Fury 100, an exceptional value for the $32 price.", "Great features, sleek look, Nice Backlight visibility, interval capabilities, and up to 100 lap tracking!  30 bucks doesn't buy you anything better!", "This watch survived through everything; I went to basic training with it and beat it up for 3 years before I started having problems (The light would sometimes dim and go out even when I replaced the battery). It was only 50 bucks when I bought it and wish i could find it for that price again. Every other watch I buy breaks after a couple months :p", "This watch is great for keeping track of my running.  It has many many features, and the screen is nice and big.  The buttons are pretty easy to use and it doesn't get too sweaty.  Overall great purchase.", "I completely love this watch and the way it feels. it is well worth the money.", "It's a great sports watch, got it as a gift for my cousin, he loves it.", "Really nice watch.  The band seems very durable.  If you have a small wrist this watch will be a problem as the band near the watch does not flex at all.  I have a med to slightly small wrist and I just barely make it.  I have to use the holes near the end of the strap.  Really nice looking watch, especially with the stainless steel around the face.  The display is nice and large.  When you use the run mode it will display the lap time and total time together, which is really nice.  I am picky about watches and I really like this one alot!", "I was looking for a watch that was easy to operate. You can set two different times zones and get two alarms in each time zone. For running, you have the PACE function which is great for setting target times. Looks great on your wrist and comfortable, but you need to know about the sizes (Super vs, Regular), is hard to find a good information about it, i've got a Super size watch, so, if you are a man with average size buy Super if you are a woman buys Regular size.", "This product is excellent, if you started running and want to do things the right way this is a keeper! great desing and color, light, accurate, and the amazing look....I use it almost everyday to go to work too... and the price awesome!", "This watch is very well built feeling compact and solid on your wrist.  The extra interval timing and pace settings are extremely useful when doing specific workouts.  The saved data is easy to use and calculates important workout info for you on the fly.  I would recommend this watch to any serious runner.", "The Nike Triax Super Fury 100 gets mistakenly included by Amazon when doing a search for heart rate monitors. I became aware that it's NOT an HR monitor when I opened the box and read the instructions. Beware, don't do the same. It's a good-enough watch for timing runs, etc. but nothing special. There is a charge for returning the watch; so I just kept it. I then went to my local Big 5 sports store and purchased the HR monitor that I wanted.", "Good basic all around sport watch, looks good and is reasonably priced.  Good quality as well.  I would buy it again, though I probably won't have to because it seems pretty solid.Although it doesn't mention it, it is water safe for swimming, some running watches are not.The timing function is a bit annoying and not very intuitive, but it has a large display and I just use the normal clock mode to time my distance runs. It is good for occasional \"exact\" timing.Also records data, which is more helpful than I thought it would be.One word of caution: the band is pretty small.  I have medium sized wrists (for a man) and when I put on the watch there are only about 4 notches left.  The benefit is that is that it holds tight and is comfortable.  I barley notice it: it doesn't move around at all.", "The numbers are large and the buttons are perfect.  The ability to save data is astounding.  I could not reccomend this product more.", "Just received this shoe recently and it is awesome! So light weight and flexible. One of the most comfortable workout shoe I've owned. Look around for the best price. I got them on sale at Nordstrom.com.", "I purchased these shoes for cross training: short distance running, jumping rope, weight lifting, etc. They work for everything I do.", "Great sneakers. True to size. Comfortable fit especially good for walking instead of high impact aerobics like running or step.", "EVERY TIME I WEAR THESE I GET ASKED &#34;WHERE DID YOU GET THOSE&#8230;THEY ARE SO CUTE?&#34; I OWN 2 PAIRS OF THE NIKE FREE TR&#8230;THEY ARE THE BEST AND VERY COMFORTABLE AND LIGHT WEIGHT. CONSTANTLY CHECKING THE SITE FOR MORE&#8230;LOOKING TO BUY MY 3RD PAIR! :) I LIVE IN FLORIDA AND WEAR MINE WITHOUT SOCKS AND I LOVE THE SNUG FIT!", "My first pair of cross trainers.  I love these shoes!  I have always had running shoes that gave me blisters, but these are like gloves for my feet.", "Was looking for a shoe that would be light and comfortable for running, and provide stability when working out cross fit style. This shoe is all that and more. I wear sandals when not working out so shoes already feel restrictive. These feel like I'm wearing a pair of socks with a sole on the bottom. They provide just the right amount of cushion when I am jumping up and down and for side lunging the stability feels right on. Love these shoes!", "Buy this style a half size smaller than normal.  This is my second pair.  I will buy this style as long as Nike continues to make it.  I love these shoes almost like being barefoot.", "The name says it all....NIKE...... looks really good on, great fit, good heal protection....and the color is a true robin eye blue.", "The quality is so good on this shirt. My son loves it! It really is just as I expected and I am happy with it!", "When I first got this I thought I was gonna have to send it back my 3 year old little cousin looked like he could fit it. Until I tried it on, it with great. the only problem  is that it holds odor.", "The service I have received since receiving my product has been awful. Not only is the product faulty and not working but the company who sent it are no where to be found!! I have been calling them for over three weeks on three seperate numbers plus an email address and I have had no reply. I have contacted Nike direct about this but if I send it back to them I have to forfit the postage cost and maybe other costs. I have since managed to get hold of the company Jamashop/Watchsavers who where far from helpful and have directed me again to their website with details on how to send it back but I am very torn on trusting this company. I was very worried about ordering off the internet and after this experaince I will not be doing it again.", "It's a nice watch, but way too young for my taste.  I was looking for a large face watch and this one did fit the bill.  However, I didn't like the wrist band.  I gave this to a younger friend...who loved it!", "- it works fine- the pink light is cute- it works under water- is comfortable- has a good size- it's really pretty, is that watch that allows you to practice sports and look nice", "I have wanted another digital watch for a while now and was eyeing this one.  I finally purchased it. I love this watch. It is truly what I was looking for.  The face is the right size.  I do not struggle to figure out the time and date. Bam! It's right there in your face.  Some of my co-workers have been eyeing my watch.  It's a great change from the regular 'ole dressy watch.  I don't leave home without it. It's a great watch to have in your collection.", "Comfortable and Pretty shoe, I get alot of compliments everywhere I go.  Wish I could find another pair for summer!!", "I actually have a pair of ventulus and these are the lanangs, not he ventulus. wish I could have a pair of lanangs because they are perfect for the steeple chase but they are definitely too big for me", "Actully wheh I order the Nike Air structure triax 91 ,I inteded to give to a friend as a gift but when i received it i shocked it was a very cheap quality and very bad made so I keep it in store with regret .", "I was pretty happy with my purchase when I bought these retro nikes, definitely a head turner. If your buying them for fashion/casual style then they're a perfect fit for your collection but as far as running shoes compared to newer nikes, I wouldnt prefer them.", "Not happy with my purchase, shipping is ridiculously high & now  I have to pay to ship them back.  My first impression of the shoe was... &#34;Is this a real Nike shoe or is it a replica&#34;? I was going to exchange for a smaller size, but I'm just gonna return the shoe.", "my son needed running shoes for school. he love the look of the shoes and he said they feel very good.", "This is the right  stofft, very confortable, it worth the money you pay.you can spend the hall day walking on this shoes, and do  not even fell it", "I'm not so sure that these shoes are more for show, than for go.  They have slightly pointed toes, but give my 10D feet excellent fit when the strings are pulled tight. They look awesome.  I wore the pair for the first time to the grocery store and had three women from out of the blue strike up conversations with me. Having now put approximately 100 miles on these shoes I can say that they are not my favorite runners.  The insoles are very thin, so replace these with a spare pair taken out of a used favorite running shoe and the experience will be more pleasing.  I replaced the lime green laces with black to reduce the ice candy effect to keep the ladies away while grocery shopping. It seems to help.", "I have always purchased NIKE products when presented with the opportunity. Their shoes are solid and support the ankle and foot during heavy workout sessions be it running or gym activities.This shoe was a departure from my normal expectations. It was difficult to get on and once in place didn't have the NIKE feel that I have come to expect. The seams at the very top of the shoe weren't sewn properly. A real QA disaster.I returned the shoes and am still looking for a suitable replacement.", "This product came to me, very comfortable, excellent design, but in the sending I get a white shoe and a shoe gray. Apparently someone sharing.The company returned my money responsibly.", "Looks great but runs a little tight on my toes. Overall I'd buy another car as they are pretty comfortable and the shoe has losened up after some time.", "Love These Kicks Well Worth The Cash And There So Bright And Easy to clean But They Dont Get Dirty At All So Im Totally Satisfied", "These shoes are clean with a clean style that will get you compliments at the gym. Comfort wise there like walking on sun shine. lol and Amazon keeps Me Satisfied.", "i got this shoes for my hubby and he like them. his face lit up like a christmas tree when he got them. he didnt know i order them for him. yes i would recommend these shoes to family and friends. my husband said Nike Air Max 90 feel like he is walking on cotton.", "i like it its a confortable and soft by my feets its a great articule and maybe i will love it", "the shoe feels like a fake nike shoe. theres too much padding inside the shoe and feels really wide. my husband disliked these shoes alot. they gave him blisters on his feet first day he wore them.", "When I got the shoes they where very narrow and hurt my feet. After some breakin time they got better but still are very hard and not what I want to do alot of walking in.", "Buenisimo vendedor!! el producto excelente! muy comodo!! nunca vi este nike! creo que es una edicion limitada! si por ahi vuelven a tener algunos de estos modelos avisenme!", "They are really a half size too big but I can make them work. Plus I believe the size I really need wasn't available.", "This product arrived on Time. Package properly. I ordered two pairs because one pair is for myself and one for my child. As for me the fitting is nice. There snug but walkable. As for my child he loves them but they are a ill bigger than I expected. No biggie cause am sure by end of the summer his foot will grow in them more.", "I am a man of medium build, who typically buys watches in the 40-42mm range.  This watch is SMALL - very small.  It is 42mm across diagonally, but it is much smaller in the other direction because it has a rectangular shape - so it appears much smaller than just simply saying it's 42mm.  There's another nike fury listed as ladies that is 45mm - that should tell you something.  The worst part is the band size.  I have NEVER seen a band this small on a mens watch.  I compared and it is the size of the bands on my wife's dress watches - that's how tiny it is.  Of the 14 holes in the band, I have to set it to the 13th hole for it to fit comfortably!  I will ask my wife if she wants it (because it is a cool looking), otherwise it will go back.Trust me, if you are a guy DO NOT BUY this watch unless you are tiny or like small, ladies size watches.", "I haven't used the workout lap features yet, so no comment there.  It's a good medium sized watch.  My favorite feature so far is being able to display two time zones.  It seems of sturdy construction.  My only annoyance is the top right button often gets pushed by the back of my hand during moderate workout activities, which turns the alarm feature on and off.  Other than that, I love this watch so far.", "You need to size up one full size for these puppies.  I'm usually a size 10 in Nike but they were tooooo tight!  Great, eye-catching design though.", "The originals were far more comfortable. I felt these were a bit cheaply made. Had to return them because they weren't as comfortable as I thought they'd be.", "good looking and comfortable!The only thing that you have to get used to, is that have a double inner sock inside the shoe. It is a little hard to fit in.", "a pleasant surprise, a well received gift for my son. A seventeen year old, hope they hold up to abuse!", "I am totally disappointed.  It is difficult to read in sunlight (I run in the park and can only read it in shadows).  It does not operate correctly with iPod as advertised.  STAY AWAY.  I ended up buying a polar unit which has a much better tracking application.", "I got it for the Ipod touch.  It's made for the Nike app.  If you just want to use it as a remote for your music you have to set up a generic workout and then go through the Nike App to change the music to the song/podcast/audiobook you want to listen to.  Took a bit to figure it out but I'm happy with it.  Like no having to pull out the Touch to pause/adjust song.", "I ordered this watch because of the large display. Easier to see while running or swimming. Functions are easy to use. It can display two time zones and two alarms. Get alot of comments that its a cool looking watch. The yellow and black band compliments the Lance Armstrong line of Nike clothing. Love the power saver feature which turns the watch off in 3, 6, or 12 hour increments.", "It's a great look compared to some of those clunky looking, black sports watches. The color is clear, even though it looks a tad blue in some lighting like in the photos online. The buttons are very user friendly and include an alarm and stopwatch. It will sometimes fall off when I put my coat or a shirt on/off. Other than that, I have no complaints.", "i bought this watch back in august 2010 (via my sister-in-law's Amazon account) right after i gave birth to keep track of nursing, etc.  i LOVED this watch... it had all the important functions that i need:- back light- timer- stopwatch- alarm- 2 time zones- great snap-on design so i can easily take off watch even while nursing to check the time and there's no bulky buckle to rub against my baby's head while i carry him.HOWEVER, i had to replace the battery 6 months after purchasing it despite the manual saying that the battery should've lasted 2 years AND my 20-lb. baby just sat on it yesterday and snapped the band!  now, i want to replace the watch with the same one and the price has jumped to $89!  when i bought it, it was $29!  it's a great watch for $29 but i'm not going to spend $89 on a watch that will probably break again.  (the vendor name was \"Watch Colony\")too bad.  now i'm looking for a replacement...  (this is my 2nd nike watch that had band issues.  years ago i had a triax watch.  loved the design and functionality but THAT band also broke - that time along the dots of the band.)", "I loved this watch when I bought it. After 4 months, the \"flexible\" band snapped as I was putting it on. I contacted the seller who told me they were not responsible for it and to try contacting Nike. I did not try to contact nike yet. Otherwise, watch itself worked great.", "I absolutely love this watch and ended up buying 3 of them. Not because I wanted to, but because they kept dying on me. The first one lasted about a year, then quit working. The second one didn't last as long and now I am on my third. This will be my last. Too much money for something that does not have a longer life span.", "I bought this watch to time my distance runs and am very happy with it.  I have a smaller wrist and I feel the size of the watch is perfect - it's slightly loose (it moves up and down my wrist a bit) but not so loose that I'm worried it might fall off.  The timer function is great for what I need it for.  It records minutes, seconds, and hundredths of seconds for the first hour, then hours, minutes, and seconds after that.  I'd highly recommend this watch for runners!", "I bought this watch for work because it is digital and no metal on it.  I really loved wearing it and it is so cute.  However after only having it a few months it died.  I thought it was the battery and searched all over for the battery it took but that did not work either.  Very disappointed that a Nike watch would die, especially one so expensive.  I would love to buy another but hate to spend the money just to have it die in less that a year.  Maybe I got a lemon I am not sure.", "I already have a pair of these shoes in the red/white and I can honestly say they are the most comfortable sports shoe I have tried on in a long time--that is why I purchased a second pair on Amazon.  The original price for the shoes is $139.99 so you can't go wrong with the price even with the shipping and handling.  Another great thing--they look great too!  People will stop and tell you \"Nice shoes\" you'll have to try them and see! They fit true to size so if you need a little extra toe space go up 1/2 size.", "My son loved his air force 1 and it fits as I expected. I will be ordering another pair for my niece.", "I bought these shoes for my boyfriend for his birthday. He absolutely loves them. He says they are extremely comfortable which is very important because he is on his feet all day at work. The shipment got there fast and was in excellent condition.  I would definitely recommend.", "excellent product , free of defects and great quality .i am completely satisfied with the acg's.i recomend these to anyone.", "Seeks ks k so Menendez mens be bane nan back en ears. Den dude band do feel free gym we did dc", "I'm in the lawn care / landscape business and i'm on my feet all day and have been looking for a work shoe that my feet don't hurt after each day of work.  After 1 week of wearing them I think I found the right shoe.  Think I going to buy another pair to have as a back up.  I purchased two pair, one for me and one for my son.  He loves his also..  Thanks  Gary from Venice, Florida", "Wanted to wait before I rated these shoes.  Took a couple of days to get used to but once broke in, very comfortable.  I am on my feet all day and on concrete and these shoes releive a lot of tension in my legs.  Highly recommend.", "Nike has always and continues to give you the exact product that I want and that is described to me. Never any complaints from over here.", "I have a back problem and the best thing for that is some good shoes.They fill like my air max sneaker just a little heavy.", "Good all around shoe this is my second pair. they are durable and comfortable a fine shoe for work or play.", "I used to be a Timberland fanatic, don't get me wrong I still wear my Timbs, but once I bought my first pair of ACGs it was a wrap. If you're walkin in the city, these are the way to go...you wont catch me in NYC with anything but ACGs on. Just as comfortable, if not more, than most sneakers!", "Comfortable but really heavy, I only wear them around the office, because to heavy to wear in the field. Looks good though.", "Shoe holding up good...I did water proof just to be safe...look nice and comfortable. They are a little heavy so I wouldn't hike in them.", "I rank these right up there with the Jordan XX8 as some of the best basketball shoes to ever come out of Nike's famed factory.  They do fit a little small, so be sure to buy one size larger (or maybe 1/2 size).  They have eye-catching style and ridiculously good grip on the court.  The only downside is that they wear out quick when you play on asphalt (30-40 games) but they last three times as long on indoor courts.  The part I loved about these the most is how low your feet are to the ground...you can feel EVERYTHING and they are really responsive.  If you're a guard or forward who utilizes a lot of cuts & crossovers,, this shoe will leave you with a smile on your face.", "I have been using these shoes for about 2 years, they are reaching the end of their lives so I figure now is a good time to post up my opinion on them.Over the past 2 years I have run probably a few hundred miles on these shoes, and they have held up really well.  They are comfortable.  They aren't as light as other running shoes I have used in the past, but they do the job, and they are durable.  A lot of my running has taken place on rocky-uneven terrain.  At first I was afriad the shoes would fall apart under that kind of stress but I was wrong, they held up nicely.  I would recommend these shoes to others.", "I purchased the Nike Shox + experience and I love them. They are comfortable & stylish. I really like the Nike + iPod feature.", "My son loves them, they fit great and he enjoys playing with them on. Would like to see a few true high top baseball and football shoes. They would protect kids ankles.", "Bought these fer the 10 yr old son and plays on two diff teams withem, has no complaints. Seem to handle the abuse he puts em thru,.", "I really love this tank- it is great when running to not bunch under your arm pits. it lets you be cool while pretty and still girlie.", "i clicked on the vomero 3 shoes and then to select a size it is small, medium, large, etc???how can you order these shoes if most the pictures are shorts, despite the SHOE description and the sizes are not in SHOE???seems very shady", "Love these shoes. .. Shoes were at a great price.  Better than going in the store. Would recommend these shoes for anyone.", "These shoes looks really really good. You can't tell that they're so cheap. In this case, you don't get what you pay for. You get something way better!", "My 7 year old son loves these shoes.  Extra cushioning,  he feels tall and said that he can bounce up (like a spring). :)", "Was excited to finally find a size 13 shoe in white for my son. Was very disappointed when the shoe arrived and he couldn't get his foot in the shoe. Because I can't actually use what I purchased, I have to give it two stars since I don't like the fact the shoes run this small.", "az very nice product that my son had to have and i recommend these shoes for any parent that like Nikes and a good look for kids.", "I ordered the same size I have worn for the last at least 10 years of my life and this shoe was too big.  I then had to pay almost $13.00 to ship back.  Ridiculous!!!!!", "These are some crisp nice looking white shoes. However, after walking for long periods my feet ache.  Recommend only for style.", "MY SON LIKE THEM A LOT GO WIT A LOT OF HIS SHORTS THANX WE WILL B ORDERIN SUM MORE SOON", "I love the shoes, just a lil bit too big but I will manage. I suggest to get a 1/2 size smaller if you wanna buy", "My wife was so happy when we found these she could never find them in her size so she got a pair and my baby girl also got a pair", "I just love this jacket! Thi is all and more I wanted... The color is nice and the model is perfect for women.", "These shoes are the most comfortable and seem to help with the shock of running. They are really secure around the back of the ankle, so if that is not comfortable for you, you will not like shox. But these are the best I've tried out of former asics and different stile of Nike's.", "These sunglasses are the best that I have ever owned. I would recommend them to anyone that is required or need to wear sunglasses due to vision problems. They look pretty cool too.", "I was very disappointed when I opened the package: the sunglasses are ok, but there is no case with it, only a pouch, maybe they call it a case...The box (paper) looks very old, seems like second-handed. What's more, the user's manual inside is old, too. I must return it because it looks so old and cannot be a gift to my friend. I saw other people gave this seller good comments, and I don't want to give a bad one, but it is so different from the description: new, made in Italy, with case...The frame is made in China and the lenses are made in Italy. They should specify this in the description, and nobody will care, but if they say this is made in Italy, I would assume the whole thing is made in Italy. Overall, disappointed. But if the box were not that broken, I would keep it.", "I bought these for husband for Christmas and by March the bottom is peeling off.  Overall they looked cool and my husband said they were comfortable,  but they started coming apart really soon.  I think next time I will by shoes from a store that they can be returned to if they fall apart.", "Great price great fit exactly what I wanted with a much better price than I could find in stores thx", "The shoes fits just right and im glad i got on to see that shoe because i had been looking for an all white pair of nike shoes and could never find them.Until i got on amazon.So i had to order them", "They didn't fit me they were not my size and im a size 10 they were 7 and thats why i choose that rating", "I love these shoes! they are awesome, i've only had them for about a week, but i'm not disapointed at all. definitly a nike free customer from now on! :)only downsize is not having 1/2 sizes", "Great shoes!  They are exactly what my husband wanted and will order the black ones in the future", "These shoes are great! They are comfortable and look great. I highly recomend these slides if you are going to get any.", "I wear these comfort slides around the house every day. They are comfortable! I do however have to wear them with socks so that they stay on easier; I have neuropathy in my feet and the pressure of a tight fit makes them hurt more.  That is why I have to have a slide sandal of this nature, so I can be comfortable around the house.", "They were to small . I bought a pair of Jordan slides size 7 a while back and they fit great. I don't know why these nike ones fit to small.", "This shoe is comfortable but the size runs small. Buy a larger size. I think I will send it back.", "Put these 13&#34; sandals up again my other 13&#34; sandals and these are over half inch shorter than my other Nikes.", "Size 14 Nikes always work for me.  I'm not as impressed with the cusion as i was in the store.  I felt the insole of these on several occassions and always thought they would be amazingly soft.  Stores never had my size, so after about 3 months i decided to order.  Fit is dead on, but my 250 pound body compresses the cusion so hard it's almost nonexistant.Hopfully with a Comfort 3 they can add something that doesn't compress as much.If you are lightweight, i'd recommend them.  I'd also recommend trying them on at your local shoe store for a test drive before ordering", "My husband loves this pair of sandals.  He has wide feel so they fit perfectly and they are sturdy (well worth the price).  The gel sole makes the comfort level a 10.", "My husband bought these & found that they were too small & weren't comfortable even if they had been the right size.", "I have already owned a pair of these (until my Great Dane ate them) and they are extremely comfortable. I love them and they are perfect indoor slides.", "My son begged me for a month to purchase these shoes and he is 100% satisfied with them. They are sleek and smooth and very nice looking. He is keeping up with the trends at school and has now called me a superhero because I got him the shoes he wanted. We are all now, Nike fans! Great Buy!", "These shoes are not what they appear to be.  I bought a pair and I liked how they felt, but the glued on strap (yes, glued, not sewn) came off within a week.  I would try a different manufacturer.", "My son is very happy with his new sandals. He used them almost every day for school and we got them on time.", "The size was to small but I was able to enlarge it and it was very comfortable and good looking.", "Our 9 month old 62 pound Lab has eaten everything in the house (including parts of the house itself) and has obliterated any number of slippers, but these Nike slippers have so far been the only thing that can stand up to him. He loves to repeatedly rip the huge velcro flaps apart.I can recommend these as either footwear or as dog toys.G.", "This was a gift for my son and they fit and he loved them so bravo to your excellent customer service I will be shopping here again", "Great product at a great price, arrived on time, looks great, feels great, fits great, would definitely recommend it to others", "I suppose if you had large wide feet you might like these sliders, but they were too bulky for me and I sent them back right away and bought others which were  more streamlined and a lot cheaper. The enclosure on top is stiff and does not really conform to your feet. I have long but narrow feet (14B) and these don't work for people like me.", "The most comfortable sandals you will ever wear. I love them so much, I might never wear shoes again. A must buy.", "When you are in wet grass your feet seem to slip of them. They are extremely comfortable enough to deal with the other issue.", "This is the most comfortable fitting slipper I've ever worn! The padding in this slipper feels like a pillow top mattress for my feet! Definitely a must have!!!!", "The sole is so squishy and comfy! They are also very easy and convenient to clean if you spill something on them.", "Very comfortable memory foam footbed.  Appears to be made of high quality materials.  Very cool,.striking-looking red rubber outer sole.  Very happy with these Nike slides.", "I love these slides! The cushion insole does the trick for comfort and the adjustable vamp allows a comfortable fit on my EEE wide feet. A little pricey, but worth it.", "I have owned a few pairs of slides in my day but these are simply the best when it comes to comfort, fit and durability.  They were a little stiff out of the box but they softened up perfectly after a few hours of wear.  I wear these out in public and get lots of attention to my feet which is exactly what one expects in a hot style of footwear.", "was a gift and my son enjoys them wish they didn't cost that much but as long as he is happy then I am happy", "I have these slippers since last Nov. Hardly wore them. Tried wearing them several times, but the adjustable instep strap scraped my skin, causing the skin to break. They are non-usable. Can I return them for credit and get something else. Thank tou, Merrill Krieger", "My son loves these shoes. They are really comfortable. It is hard to find white ones. All the lifeguard need white slides for work. High quality.", "Very comfortable sandals and well worth price.  I have been looking for sandals that are very comfortable for a while, and it about time that I find a pair of comfortable sandals. Take my work shoes off and put on my Nike Comfort Sandals when I get home from work.  Nike sure do make great sandals specially the cushion as you feel you're walking on a cloud, and they sure do feel like Tempur-Pedic fluff.  Thanks Nike for making those Comfort Sandals and yes I would buy other pairs of Nike Comfort Sandals!!!", "I would recommend these to anyone they very nice and styleish they last really good I usually wear mine eveywhere", "I did nopt like the way they mde my feet look like duck feet. The white color isjust wrong. I retured them for another pair of black that I love.", "Overall, I like the Comfort Slide 2.  I have worn them for a few days now, and I would say that they are good.  These could be made more comfortable if they had a little more foam cushion on the top and a sole that was more like soft rubber and less like hard plastic.  They tend to be slippery on hard surfaces like hard wood floors.", "The only thing that I probably don't like as much would be the strap. It gets time to get used to it mainly because it takes time to your feet to adjust to the right measurement. Other than that, it a great sandal specially the cushion as you feel you're walking on a cloud. I only use them in my house.", "this is the best slide ive ever owned its very soft and comfortable not hard like most this is my second pair i purchased the black ones last year,hey guys great buy", "Fits like a glove. Very comfortable with firm but soft cushion . Looking to buy another pair in different color.", "Very high quality, just as advertised  a great buy for anyone who is looking for comfort, would buy again as needed.", "I tended to go barefoot, especially at home (I live in Hawaii) but when I developed Plantar fasciitis (bottom of foot hurts) my podiatrist said no more barefooting. My son had a pair of Nike Comfort Slides and I tried them on and they helped stop the pain. I bought these to wear and now I have no more pain and can't stand to be barefoot.", "I LOVE the colorway and are amazingly comfortable. I ordered one size up from my regular shoe size, so that the slides could fit me just perfect. They are awesome!!!!!", "Fit perfect and were comfortable.  He liked the color and how they fit.  He didn't have any complaints about them.", "i thought that the cushion would be soft like the ones on the girl slippers.... it was hard as a rock and has a weird feeling to it... but since i spent that much money on it my husband decided to keep wearing it until it will break...", "Will buy again my husband and son love them I brought 2 for the guys they wanted more my guys are happy", "Great, clean looking shoe.  I will get a lot of wear out of them this summer and beyond.  Not too expensive.", "These sandals are exactly how they look.  And they are comfortable too.  We had to order the wider size but they fit just fine.  Love them!!", "My husband is very happy with his new sandals--they fit great and are so comfortable as well as stylish. This is his second pair.", "This slippers was an excellent choice. The first time I put my foot into it it was so comfortable I still describe it as walking on the clouds of the heavens however it is one of those slippers you would probably have to wear with sandals as your sweat will be soaking into the material that covers whatever makes this so damn comfortable...", "First off , i ordered a 2EE . They said it was in stock in Black . Ok fine !  I received , can you guess ? Bet you all can .  MEDIUM !! Cause they are 'Sliders ' there fit , Barely and i ordered up 1 full size also . But man i can't believe the price for what i got . No way worth that money imo !!", "These are great to slip on after taking your cleats off after a game. They are comfortable. I would not recommend them if you are doing a lot of walking.", "I like the look of these sneakers. They are comfortable and stylish. But I've noticed that my right shoe squeaks like its been wet, dried and bubble wrap inserted. They're noisy but stylish.", "Way to small I hat it from the beginning, the description in the website is for shoes not a back pack", "I haven't tried the shoe on yet. I have 2 fractured toes, but i was EXTREMELY impressed with Kicks&#34; certification of authenticity. I loved & appreciated that very much", "my feet size fits 11 to 12 inches but for some reason the 11 on these don't seem to fit me because of the heavy padding around the ankle areas. I would suggest if your feet size it 11 get something like a 12 it will fit well.", "The Customer service and delivery was great. BUT I ordered this and the right off the bat, it appeared to look too fake, the material look plasticized as well.the fit looked like a swollen ballon.I had to re-sell it. Bf never wore it, shared the same sentiments and regrets.", "I have been wearing Nike Free Runs for about 5 years.  I am a huge fan, and buy around 2 pairs per year.  Easily the most comfortable sneaker I have ever worn.", "Not quite the color I expected. It was labeled gray with crimson. It came in gray with coral colored soles. Totally not what I was expecting. I had to go to the store and buy some other nikes for my run test. I was looking forward to these shoes but was disappointed. My wife was happy though. She needed new shoes that don't hurt her feet. Luckily they fit well. Since the worked for her she has them now.", "I own another pair of those shoes and ordered this shoes in the similar size. Unfortunately are those new ones a bit too large.Shipping was very quick, quicker than expected and announced.", "Fits as expected. Is comfortable. Feels exactly as my Nike SFB combat boots feel. With a major stipulation :Color is not as described or portrayed on images. The parts which are supposed to be crimson are in fact a bright, highlighter type of pink. I cannot return in exchange or refund to purchase another color for I am a US service member deployed overseas, that was in need of new running shoes.", "Totally perfect. Wide and comfortable! I've had several pairs of nike frees simar to this and these are by far and away the best one I have found!", "Really great shoe, fits great and looks amazing. Exactly as it was described. Great price for such a quality shoe.Thanks again!", "Also the bright orange shoe laces have to go.  Fit is great, and they are super comfortable. Like someone else mentioned there is no spot under either liner for the Nike+ sensor.  I will keep them since I own a small thing that attaches the sensor to the shoe laces.  I bought direct from Nike with no issues.  The price was right since they were on sale at Nike and included free shipping.  If I would of bought direct from Amazon I would of kept them anyways, as Amazons price is close to what they are direct from Nike.  And with Prime free shipping also.", "I'm pretty satisfied, perhaps the other commenter made a mistake because I got the exact color I ordered (dark grey). I've done my best to make sure they're authentic because of the low price and I'm convinced they are. Very comfortable, no need to break them in. Didn't come with extra laces but they did come with a 5 hour energy. I believe I ordered them last Wednesday or so and they arrived before I expected them to so that was a plus. I have nothing to complain about and that's a first. I will be back if I notice anything else.", "best shoes on the market.worth the $75,ooo!!!!!!! I cant bieleve they didnt come out with these sooner its a shame.. i cant even feel the bunions on my toes.. 10 out of 10", "Working law enforcement job its hard to find good boots the last and are comfortable.  These are the ones for me. Been using ACGs for over 8yrs, and im only on my 2nd pair. Shopped around and these were the best price that offered free shipping as well. Plus they had my size 4.5.  I was skeptical at 1st reading the reviews but i must say I was pleased with the seller and would purchase again sometime soon just to have an extra pair. Fast free shipping and the boots were as stated.  Thanks", "It takes awhile to break them in.. be prepared for that. Once that is done they are very comfortable. Very happy with them", "The sunglasses are great as a product if you buy them straight from Nike, I bought my wife one a year ago and she loved it (from Nike) and my sister wanted one for her birthday so i thought i will try Amazon(baaaaaaad idea)The sunglasses arrived in a dusty original box with a slit from side to side as if someone was opening it with a blade and the glasses where scratched from both sides as if the sunglasses have been used and abused. a lot of wear and tear on them what a disgrace of a Boutique and website.Shame on you!!", "superbly comfortable and long lasting running shoe that is attractively priced , will gladly repurchase shoes and share info with others", "I am a letter carrier and my feet require shoes that offer great support and durability!  I was hesitant to spend the money but ended up buying a second pair in white for my at home use!", "If I bought a pair of black Nikes and took a blue and white bandana, cut it up, and covered the tongue, the front deck and the Nike insignias on the side, I could have done a better job than Bandana Fever did. It looks crappy and for $200, it's a waste of money. You're better off sticking with Nike brand made sneakers only. I've been ripped off and feel like a jerk. Duhh....", "I love these shoes. Very comfy and supportive. They are a little warm, but to be expected. Would buy again.", "These shoes are amazing! They fit true to size. I am a size 13 in most Jordan's and a size 12 in Griffey 1s. These shoes fit perfectly and are so comfortable! Easily an eye popping shoe! I would easily recommend them to anyone!", "I Love my Nike Air Griffey Max. These shoes are my school colors and I play Baseket Ball. Black and Gold is a unIque color for sneakers and I'm Lovin the comfort of these shoes. Nike shoes are very supportive and comfortable while playing basketball and practicing for long periods of time. I've only had my new shoes for a few weeks and the minute I put them on and begin playing ball the comfort was there. My feet feel great wearing these shoes. I prefer Nike shoes over Reebok or other name brand shoes. My experience with purchasing thur Amazon was simply amazing, my product comes on time and I never need to worry if I'm not home because there services are great, product is held at post office if no one is home to receive package. Thanks Amazon and Nike, maybe one day I can be a All Star Athletic.", "It cool the shoes and l like the nike air Griffey max 1 and cool and look nice and good look", "Love my kicks wish I had purchase two pair! These are the best kicks of the year! Glad I purchase a size bigger bc they fit perfect!", "Perfect fit because I went up a size since I owned a pair and realized that they run a little small.", "The shoes look amazing. Just oddly the left foot fits great, but the right foot was tight. Never had that issue with any other shoes, so I believe one is just off. But the one that fits feels good.", "The design is great, but the quality looks terrible; plus, I did not understand why this size 12 would not fit me while other twelve do. The yellow color seems to drip over the borders of the sides of the shoes (unacceptable!!). The seller is horrible; added insult to my injury with his poor customer service (sneakers4you). Do NOT buy from this seller!", "the shoe itself was great buy, but the white base of shoe came with a yellowish color now that was a disappointment.", "They said shoes had a little discoloration on them so i asked for a refund and then the computers magically shut down four or five times and I started  being hung up on a few times And then I said screw just send me the dang shoes I have no time for this bs but I did receive a $ 20.00 dollar discount. I WILL NOT ORDER FROM THEM AGAIN..", "After reading reviews, I purchased this shoe for Zumba.  The fit of the shoe is great, but the support is poor. My Zumba classes tend to be more active (lot's of jumping), than the typical zumba moves. I find that the ball's of my feet hurt wearing these shoes. They hurt so much, I've stopped wearing them and went back to my nike airmax shoes (offer's more support).All in all, since I've invested in the shoes, I will try break them in more, due to the leather being stiff.", "Good item, shoes hold up very well! Feet get some what heated but over all they can take the walks and jogs as well as training classes. I am not a thin type of woman, i have a good amount of curves size 14 to 16 pants to say the least. They work your butt off, i love these shoes. 5 mile walks it can hold up!!!", "These are perfect for Zumba!! I am thrilled with this purchase!! I would recommend this shoe to anyone.  Great shoe.", "These are great shoes.  I use them for Zumba.  I have narrow feet and these have a nice fit and are very comfortable. The seller shipped them very quickly and I am very happy with them!Nike Women's Musique IV Dance Shoes", "I bought these for the classes I take at the gym. I tried on many different types and a sporting goods store and size 7 was always a little small...bought these in a 7 1/2 and i think they are too big.", "I expected these shoes to be in a soft leather as I had a similar pair from Nike from 2 years ago. Instead these are a hard non breathable plastic like shoe. I'm very disappointed. Nike would have had a customer for life if they had not changed the material of the shoe.", "These shoes are perfect for Zumba. I would love them more if they were not made in China.  Darn it!", "I like these shoes however they are a little too narrow for my feet but I do have kinda a wide foot. They are nice and light though i dont think i could dance in them. I give them a 4 star.", "Great pair of Nike boots that you will not find anywhere else.  Comfortable, waterproof, warm and very stylish.  My fiance has worn them many times and always receives compliments.", "I love these shoes and I've gotten a TON of compliments on them. They were purchased to wear to my cheerleading-aerobic dance class (Cheerobix) and they work really well and give me a lot of support where my other shoes were lacking. I've worn them a few times and I imagine once they are more broken in, they won't bother my ankle-bone any more (there is a bit of rubbing, but not enough to deter me from wearing them). I wear a 10 and have wide feet, and the 10 fits great. If you are thinking about buying them, I give these shoes two thumbs up! They are cute, a great price, and they do the job!", "Feels great when doing Zumba.  Hugs my feet nicely but not too tight.  I feel as though I have great stability while dancing. Love these shoes!!", "I love these!  I wore athletic/ running shoes for zumba for 2 years before buying these.  I had to use those slip-on glider things to help me do the turns more smoothly, but with these, I don't have to. They fit great, even though my feet are wide.  They are comfortable, and they provide the support I need while dancing!", "These shoes are a little tight in the width but I think with some time and wear they will stretch out to fit just fine. Otherwise they are extremely comfortable and light.", "i got these sneakers and had to give them to my daughter. I got the eight and a half on recommendation of some of the reviewers and they really are too big. So i found eights elsewhere and got two pair since i use them for zumba and they are absolutely perfect for dancing! I love how they cup my heel and arch and how great they feel on my feet. They are very supportive, I have a hard time saving them for indoor use, I dont want to use them for outside activities, because i dont want to wear them out............ When you find something that works for you, like these sneakers do, you need to get two pair, saving one for later, because i know from experience, when I love something, Ill never be able to find it again when the first one wears out.If you dance indoors, like zumba or even jazz, try these sneakers, you will not be sorry, they have a little spot for turning and dont stick your foot on t floor and are easy on your knees........well, they are also easy on your feet in general. This is coming from a 69 yr old dancer with feet and knee problems! My recommendation is to get your true size in these.", "thanks. the shoes are pretty and my girlfriend is to like. le gusto los zapatos a mi novia. graciAS. NO TENGO MAS COMENTARIOS AL RESPECTO", "I brought these shoes for my husband for Christmas and he really likes them. They are comfortable and look good also.", "the design is very nice, but the quality is very poor. At second day I used it to play basket a part of the sole was detachment", "Did not like the sneakers. Were told they had a little yellowing on the trim due to be and out dated discontinued pair of sneakers. But when I got them home they were very noticeable yellowing. More then I expected. Would be very noticeable wearing them. And for 99$ to much yellowing for the money. Sent them back for a refund.", "I have small narrow feet, and Nike usually is a good fit. I have several pairs. I must say I fell in LOVE with these shoes the second I saw them. They are beautiful. But they are not comfortable to run in. The toe area is very stiff and there is no padding. I wouldn't even saw they are comfy to walk in. I run about 6 miles when I go out, but after about 3 I had to stop because my feet hurt. The shoes fit true to size. I got handfuls of compliments at the gym. I just wish they were more comfy.Because I ran in them I choose to keep them. I just added some inserts and adjusted the laces. I won't be running in them, but I can't part with them because they are so pretty.", "The color is perfect and they are very comfortable to exercise in. I would recommend these to another customer for sure.", "They fit alittle tight. I can't wear them with socks or they won't fit. But other than that they're light and great for running.", "I am in love with these shoes. They have a really nice arch in them, and fit my feet perfectly. These shoes shipped out the day after I ordered them and recieved them a day earlier than expected. Perfect for running, sprinting, or walking! Oh, and for other future buyers, in the pictures these shoes dont look like mesh black covering because its wool! Another awesome feature!", "This sneaker fits perfectly and has a great style.  Love the tie-dye sole.  Laces are white and I would've loved the tie-dye laces displayed on the image. They were tough to put on originally.  I needed a shoe horn to assist but now they go on without. Very comfortable with good support.", "It is a nice color but there was a defect at the heel of the sneaker, it hurts when I wear one of them.", "These fit wonderfully and they are super comfortable. Great product. I can't wait to buy my next pair! Thank you!", "They are super comfortable but they do run a tad small, after you wear then out they feel better but until then they are a bit tight. If I could purchase them again I would buy them a 1/2 size bigger.", "Never give five stars but did in this instance.  Fit like a glove and wear well.  I can't tell I have then on until I take them off.", "I ordered these shoes for the purpose of using them as a running shoe.  I ordered them in the same size as my other pair of runnign shoes.  Well, needless to say these the Nike Free Run 2 runs a full size smaller. I have had to exchange them and am looking forward to actually trying them out.", "The sneaker is ok. I love it, but it took almost a month to get to me. Quite a long time. Also it tights my feet, despite the fact it was size nine. Apart from the delay, everything about it is fine.", "Design 5/5Weight 4/5Responsiveness 5/5True to Size 5/5Comfortableness 5/5 (after my 3rd run I finally got that comfy worn in feeling)I love trail running! and these so far have been my favorite shoes. I took these through a trail run that included muddy hills, gravel, extremely uneven terrain, and shallow water....and I only slipped once and only because I stepped in a reeeeeally muddy spot that I should have known was a bad idea. They are pretty light and very comfortable respond well just about all terrain. I did some sprint training up hill on gravel and on a muddy heavily rooted incline and these performed above what I expected. If you want a good trail running or Hiking shoe definitely go for this one!", "Not a real sturdy shoe. Comfortable, yes. Doesn't offer much support in the toe area or for the arch. Starting to fall apart (sole delaminating at right ball area) after less then 25 miles of running.I am used to real trail shoes, I guess, and was definitely disappointed in this \"trail\" shoe. Really, it's just a light weight running shoe with \"trail\" tread design - the upper is not a trail shoe and provides minimal support and protection. It is considerably less expensive than other trail shoes I have used, but not worth the savings if it has inferior construction.", "It says brown but they sent me an orange one.Maybe its just that the brown is really orange?Great watch. Watch out and buy the right size. the small was good for me but the medium was super big. I bought one of each size to try out and I had to give the medium to my sister.", "Thet fit true to size.  You dont get a much cleaner look then white on white sweet classics! Old school fresh.  Keeping them clean will be the challange.", "I got these shoes for the looks an comfort i luv them always wear them when i go out and i always get compliments about them thank u NIKE #1..", "good business, got them just in time and they are the real thing will be doing business again real soon.", "I can't recommend this shoe with a clear conscience to anybody. I put them on my feet and walked around my house for a minute and that's all I needed to do to realize these weren't the shoes for me, and I've owed Nike's before, but none that has worn like these.", "I was wearing this shoes as part of my white uniform.. 6 months every day and they stay in one piece..I am really sad for not able to find this model in white/white color any more..They are good fit and comfortable also stylish and good grip except when is wet surface..Where can I find them again..?", "I love polarized lenses in my sunglasses...the only way to go!  I've been shopping around and couldn't find any good deals on sunglasses here locally, SW Florida, or in North Carolina.  These glasses were $119 off and are first class!  They fit great and look really nice.  My wife can't keep her hands off me now!  Woo Hoo!  They shipped promptly and arrived before the promised time.  A great seller and a great pair of glasses happy early summer to me.", "Bought a pair of these 4 years ago, and that pair still holds together, after use and abuse at work. When I put these on, they were just as comfortable as my old ones. It's hard to find decent sneakers in this width and size, and I hope Nike continues to make them well into the future, because they are the most comfortable shoes I've had.", "Very good product. Confortable and durable. Is not as good as my other tennis for running (Mizuno), but for every-day, this nike is the very very best. :)", "These are great sunglasses, especially if you are looking for a style that will fit a larger head.  They are very comfortable and the price was far less than you would pay at a retail outlet.", "I gave these to my mother as a gift and she loves them.She said they are as comfortable as they are beautiful!", "I ordered these Air Force 1's expecting Obsidian BLACK shoes. The shoes came, and they are clearly navy blue. I like them, but this is not what I ordered. Best to buy these in-store so you can see exactly what you are purchasing.", "Best answer to getting out of the pool in the early morning; instant warmth is achieved within seconds.  Wind, rain, fog no problem early morning lappers are jealous.", "The shoes were delivered in a timely manner. Shoes were exactly how they were pictured and were pleased. Will shop with this company again.", "MUY BIEN SON ORIGINALES IGUAL COMO SE MUESTRA EN LAS FOTOS LLEGARON EN EL TIEMPO ESTABLECIDO RECOMIENDO LA TIENDA  COOL", "I only bought three pairs of these shoes, but wish I had bought 10! Why do manufacturers stop making the stuff that fits perfectly? Seriously, these are incredible. Great support and cushioning. They also hold up to many washings after being filthy from long hikes. True to size with custom inserts or not.", "My 16 year old son is a big boy...6'8\". And still growing. (Yes, he plays basketball. Haha) His shoe size is enormous...16.5. And still growing. (Canoes are a little small and pinch his toes. Haha) There is only one thing harder than finding his size...and that is figuring out how to pay for the extended sizes he needs. Even though we live in a major metropolitan area, I have a terrible time finding the boy shoes locally. The \"big & tall\" store we shop at for his clothes does not carry tennis shoes. Most of the online places I've found his shoes want something akin to a mortgage payment for shipping. (Maybe because they need their own delivery truck?? Haha) I know removal of his old shoes requires their own truck (size) and a hazardous waste escort (smell). (My only pay-off for being the one who pays off his clothes/shoes is being able to tease him about this stuff. He's already heard all my best one liners. Now you have, too.)Anyway...the shoes arrived very quickly. The shipping didn't cost anything since they were under Amazon's awesome \"$25+ ships free\" program, which is one of the most stellar programs around. He is really picky about the items that adorn his frame, further complicating the whole clothes/shoe shopping ordeal. I have to say that after searching online for awhile, these shoes were a fantastic surprise. Their unbelievable cost, availability of sizes, nice \"basic\" colors, and free shipping pretty much made these a no brainer. (Thank goodness.) So why only four stars instead of five?These shoes have been really great. He wears them almost every single day - and his shoes get a real work out. School, hiking, work, sports...he puts his shoes through their \"paces\". (Get it?!) After five-and-a-half months of at least 12 hour per day wear, they are still around. They still look pretty good. My only complaint? The stitching has been tearing out for well over the last month. The shoes aren't falling apart to the point of requiring duct tape (like his last ones - which he chose to wear for a few weeks until he found these) - but the stitching is failing. You can easily separate the red part from the white part by the toes, the \"springs\" in the back have been \"sprung\" (you can hardly see any separation - it almost appears that the shoes are just flat in the back), and the Nike symbols are hanging on by a literal thread. My son says the shoes have always been really comfortable. He is asking for new ones now because the stitching is getting worse and there will be a hole in the bottom of the shoe as soon as a few more millimeters of rubber wears off...but he continues to praise their comfort. He also says he likes the additional ankle support he gets from these shoes. Considering these shoes wound up being about $10/month, Mama is pretty happy with them as well.", "This shoe is great! My feet does not hurt in them even after wearing them all day. I am so glad that I have finally found a shoe I can wear with my foot problems.", "The shoes did not fit and i'm trying to send them back but can not get contacted from your company!", "My grandson was so happy, the sneakers arrived exactly on his birthday.  He liked them and will be wearing them for his preschool graduation.", "The Nike Air Pegasus +25 shoe is the best running shoe I have ever owned.  It has fantastic cushioning, pleny of room for my toes and they are super light..every run I have taken since I bought these about 4 weeks ago has felt great.  I would definitely recommend this shoe.", "I love how they look on my husband. He loves how they feel and he says he doesnt get very tierd with those shoes", "My boyfriend had an old grey pair, and wanted new Cortez for his birthday.Just going by the picture, the shoe looks ok and not my style. BUT, on him, OOOOOooo they look good. Nice looking shoes. He loves them. Thank you!", "I loved these shoes way back in my high school days and I am so happy to have a pair again! They look great with my jeans!I would have given them a five star but they seem a little bit stiff.  I am hoping they will relax with some wear.", "These are a birthday present for my brother. He has been wanting a pair of these shoes since they came out in '06 (or the year they came out).When I asked what he wants for his birthday he said these... so I ordered a pair and thankfully was able to get a good price competitive to our local shoe shop here.Upon arrival these come in a larger box, inside is a brown Nike box with these inside. Brand new, exactly like the picture shows.True to size as well.", "these shoes are great they came right on thime and earlier then expect, they fit great when i walk around they feel very compterable, and great for going out to a party or just when you have a day off work, walk around the street or something i recommend these shoes get them", "I love the shoes.I work 12 hour shifts these are perfect to handle the work load of working in an emergency room.", "This is my husband's favorite shoe and we were glad to find it here at a very competitive price.  It arrived fast and was exactly as advertised.  Nice shoes - perfect fit.", "The nikes were what I expected I loved the feel and the color is just what I expected. Very light weight.", "Been looking for these shoes for awhile. I like the simplicity and old school coolness of them. The ones I ordered arrived on time and fit as I expected them too. Will definitely be buying more pairs as these wear out.", "My son already new his size in nike runners and we purchase these online.  They were delivered to our front door within 2 weeks of the initial purchase and we were extremely happy with the product and the service provided by Amazon.  We have purchased a couple of things from overseas and this is one of the best websites we have purchased goods from, we would highly recommend using this website.  Excellent service.", "Simple and stylish.  Other shoes these days have way too much going on as far as running and basketball shoe designs go.Nike Cortez has been around forever and will always be a good go to shoe.The only problem is that they don't offer an all black version with just the center sole and swoosh being white.  It's either black with a white sole which gets dirty real quick or all black which is too much black.Obsidian seemed like it'd work but it was actually a dark blue and not black.", "The shoes are real nice, Once I got them and opened up the box, I was surprised at how better they looked in person. Very nice shoes.", "wrong size , I like the shoes but the size did not match with my expectations that is why i returned the shoes, hopefully that next time will be the best one", "they are real, authentic Nike brand and my husband was more than happy to receive them and better yet- they arrived EXACTLY when I needed them! definitely a repeat buy will be made in the future! much appreciation to this company for their excellent customer service.", "I order this tennis shoes for my husband as a present. It fit him really good. I am so happy that came on time.", "These are great sneakers. I use to work in. They match my uniform. They also frel great on my feet. I remember when these sneakers came out years ago, there were not as many colors. Thanks for the throw backs......", "Awesome product! I love the classic design, quality and everything else.  I highly recommend this Nike Cortez Basic Leather shoes.", "The only reason I give only 4 is &#34;obsidian&#34; is apparently Dark Blue? I assumed black silly me! Had to dye them.", "The shoes were way too small.  My oldest son paid for them.  It was near my younger sons' birthday, so my they were given to him as a birthday present for him.  My youngest son loves them.", "10.5 always fit me but this shoe 10.5 is way too small. Looks like Im gonna sell it on ebay and order a bigger size hopefully 11 is enough.", "These nike's are totally old school their priced right and fit great. What more to say if you want a classic Nike sneaker", "I really like these shoes. They are a good quality and are really comfortable. Looking forward to getting other colors.", "The Nike Cortez is a very nice shoe, a little too narrow for my taste but still a good shoe.  I ordered the shoes from Shoopop and received them in a timely manner.  I ordered the Obsidian/White/Obsidian and what came were the Navy blue and white.  That is not what I ordered so I will not order from Shoopop again.", "Delivered as it said it was, definitely nothing with my pair, definitely ordering more. Worth every dollar on this purchase.", "I got these for my grandson who just loved them and he said that they are very comfortable to walk in. Thanks for a great product.", "I picked the wrong size, I normally wear 12s. IdK why I did that, oh well better luck next time.", "PRODUCT IS GREATBUT WAS NOT CLEAR AS I NEEDED OBSIDEN IS BLUE I WAS THINKING IT WAS BLACK WOULD BE BETTER IF THEY WOULD STATE DARK BLUE NOW I HAVE TO THROW THEM AWAY BECUASE THERE BLUE COSTS TPO MUCH MONEY AND TIME TO RETURN", "Great styling, quality leather, and quality stitching. These sneakers are made to last.  What else can I say except... NIKE Cortez '06 are GREAT!", "I Love these shoes! I had been wanting to buy a pair for the longest time. I've always seen them in stores and of course knew they old school! They look good in jeans, sweats and on my feet! Couldn't believe they had my size 14's so I bought two pairs! Red and Blue!", "Received the item and it's the wrong color it's dark navy.  I know I can return and exchange for hopefully the correct color, the only problem is I sent it to a student to an away college.", "Loved it with all my heart. Great fit, great look, great quality. You will love it too. Get one as soon as possible.", "I bought them for my brother as a birthday present. He seems to love them!  Very comfortable and the quality is fine as well. So, he recommends ;)", "I don't know if there are two versions of the Nike Cortez because I had a pair when I was younger and I loved them. But these shoes kill my feet when worn for more than an hour. THIS IS A TERRIBLE SHOE!!!!! Spend a little bit more and get one that doesn't give you blisters.", "I ordered a shoe size bigger and they fit perfect. So I would recommend buying a full size larger then your normal shoe size. I like the these shoes because my father had them 15+ years ago, and I thought they were an interesting style. I wore them on for the first time and I couldn't stop staring at my feet. I would recommend these shoes to anyone even my grandfather.", "This shoe runs very small. I wear a size 8 and could hardly get my foot in, and when I did was very stiff and uncomfortable.  The good reviews were from 2009, so there must have been a big change since then. The shoes I got were made in Indonesia, not China so it was probably the reason this shoe is way off the proper standard size.", "this pair of tennis feel like costume made, great fit, lightweight and very good price , would buy again for shure", "i dont know if nike already have a factory in china, but all my nike shoes are made in vietnam, so Im a little bet dissapointed!!!", "Haven't had shin splint since using this Free Run +2. I used to get shin splints repeatedly before. Fit right and feel right when running. Only 4 stars because insoles are really poor made. Had to purchase a separate &#34;athlete&#34; insoles. If insoles are made better, this would have been 5 stars!", "the free series is simply the most comfortable running shoe available even in higher price ranges. They are also very durable.  I where these for work and I average about 10months of wear m-f before I start to notice a breakdown in the foam ( Im 210 pounds ).  As long as the free V3/V4 are still being made&#60; this is the only shoe ill buy.", "I truely love this pair. When I first checked this shoe, i wonder if the color will be exactly the same as the picture. they look the same. And if you go by the american size, it helps a lot to pick the right size shoes..", "These run a half size small.  They are a little tight in the toe.  Be sure to get an accurate size.", "Love them! So glad I bought these shoes. They are definitely worth the money and I couldn't find this size and color in stores. Super comfortable even with my high arched feet", "Shoes fit very well and are really comfortable.  Im on my feet most of the night and needed a shoe that wouldn't make my feet ache and these do the job. Love them.", "These are awesome shoes for the price. I normally don't like Nike golf products but these have been very nice shoes for the price.", "These sandals are legit in every way! black matches everything!  They look great and they are very comfortable.  Also, the price isn't that bad!", "I always purchase these slip on for my husband and son. They like it, I love it! Perfect for house slippers.", "My son loved these.  He likes &#34;stand-up&#34; slides that easily slip onto the feet.  Price was good, and he says they are comfortable.  I always see him wearing them in his spare time.", "My feet swell up and these worked out perfect to be around the house and summer to come. Loved the color also", "I bought these for my son who wears a men's 7 sneaker and usually has a little room. These were too tight. I sent them back and ordered a size 8 which fits better, but are still a little tight. We are going to keep them though because I'm sure they will stretch out a bit and fit a little better after some wear.", "The landless was good and laptop and all the products were good all the things meet my expectations thank you", "bought these for my 15 year old son...he wears them and so does my husband. It was a good buy they are comfortable..good quality.", "got these for my son's birthday gift, wasn't his size but it's great. he was very happy with the shoes since it was a surprise. would buy more if price wasn't high", "Bought these for my teen son.  He loves them.  Great for summer time.  Easy on and off.  I bought one size up, so he he has room to grow, but walks in them fine.", "For some reason they fit me small. So I gave them to my little brother which is a size 11 and they fit him perfect. Bought another pair, size 14 which is perfectly fine", "Simple, basic athletic sandals that do the trick! Nothing fancy, nothing crazy but well-built sandals. Order arrived on time in brand new quality.", "The picture does not look like the actual product. But the slides are ok. I wish I had seen them in the store first.", "Fit great and would purchase again.  They are very versatile and are made well.  Don't hurt your feet and can wear straight from the box.", "I bought size 13 even though I am a size 12, but there were no 12s available. I'm not disappointed with how these fit, they may actually run a little small so 13 was good for me. They don't have very much cushion to them, if any at all. So if you like soft sandals, choose a different one.", "A gift for my son and they fit him perfect,  oove shopping online.  Thinking of getting another pair for my hubby.", "The run a little small and a little tight but they will work for him to wear at the lake. I won't have to worry about them slipping off and getting lost.", "My client say is perfect, very comfortable, perfect to practice sport, go to the gym, to rum or go for a walk, excellent fit", "Great Trainers! You really feel the air in the sole! Very comfortable for training and running, for the price it's the best deal you can get on Amazon!", "Bought these for my husband since he's on his feet all day. He says they are comfortable & fit perfectly. He also has a pair in gray for running, & says they are amazing .", "I got these shoes because the price seemed pretty reasonable. They are comfortable to exercise in. I would say they run half a size too big, but still wearable if they are big. I would get them half a size smaller next time.", "Nice shoe, just a little bigger then the other pair of nikes I have that our also 10. Thank you", "I have worn Nike for 30+ years.The Nike Air Max TR 365 is the poorest quality of any I've worn.I always wear size 11 and these fit much larger than an 11.The pair I received came in a tattered box and had obviously ben worn.The best feature of the shoe is the, easy to fasten, lacing system.", "ALL AIR FORCE 1 SHOES HAVE THE WORD AIR ON THE SIDE!!!!! NOT NIKE, PLEASE BE CAREFUL WHEN PURCHASING FROM PLACES OTHER THAN NIKE.", "These Jordans are comfortable and very creative looking pair... I like Jordans. But these Jordans came to me with a scuff fixed it and they were brand new! Love it!", "Shoes were very comfortable from the git-go.  Very comfortable - no hard spots, no rubbing.  Soft, yet firm support.  Still comfortable after 90 holes in 3 days.  Great price and fast delivery.", "This product was exactly as it was described. I have enjoyed using these shoes. It was a good buy for me, who doesnt play much.", "These do run small, but I was aware of that, so I ordered a 1/2 size up. I love them. They are excellent quality and seem to stay pretty clean (or at least look clean) compared to other tennis shoes I've had. I wear them at least 4 days a week and they've been holding up perfectly. I love that the sole is pretty thick and gives me a little height lift. They also have GREAT arch support! Super comfortable for wearing for 10+ hour days!", "What a great pair of sneakers!  The color was bright, vibrant, and exactly the shade of pink I was hoping for.  They fit comfortably too!  Glad I chose them.", "I could still wear the shoes but i thought they were like another pair of Nikes i bought...( Which didnt need a wide).....but the ZOOM VOMERO were a bit skinnier.", "I am a long distance runner and this is my first time wearing this line of shoe and I'm really pleased so far. It is well cushioned and there is plenty of room in the forefoot where I have struggled with other brands in the past. Very comfortable!", "Love my volmero's!  Fits as expected.  Cushioning footbed, good arch support.  Great for running and weight lifting.  Need new pair every 6-12 months.", "I would recommend this shoe to anyone who has to stand on their feet a lot during the day.I love these shoes", "I have battled plantar fasciitis for years, and need a shoe with lots of cushion for my high-impact activities.  I've used them for a few months now, and they work really well.  For some reason, they seem to fit narrow over my instep, which is strange as I don't normally have this problem.  To not make the shoe too tight, I have to really widen the laces, and then you can see my sock through the side of the tongue.  Or maybe the tongue is too narrow.  Doesn't affect the fit, although I find myself adjusting the tongue.  And yes, I laced it through the little guide on the tongue.  The toe has quite enough room.  I normally wear a 9 in street shoes, but I wore a 9.5 in these, like I do all Nikes and running shoes.  Everyone always compliments me on the color (pink and grey) when I wear them to the gym.  An added bonus.", "I LOVE the Nike Vomero, but this shoe seems to run about 1/2 size smaller. Really bummed out b/c I had to return it. I miss the &#34;6&#34; series.", "I have a Nike Zoom Vomero 4 and the newest update to the Vomero series is the Nike Zoom Vomero 8 which i purchased hoping for that the same great fit, however i was greatly disappointed. the shoe slips at my heel and is also tight in the toe box area.I am very disappointed! that is to state the least since i sent a picture of the of my Zoom Vomero 4 details located inside the shoe and was referred to this by the nike online customer specialist.", "absolute great comfortable shoe good support feels really good on your feet colors a bit hard to match but overall best fitting most comfortable shoe iv ever purchased", "My weekly mileage is 40-60 miles a week. No injury or pain with Nike Vomero! Love this shoes & no other shoes will keep my feet injury free.", "These are my favorite running shoes, and Amazon had the best price I found.  I recommend trying them on first though, since the sizes run a bit larger than typical shoes (I wear a half size larger in these than other brands).", "These are all leather (except for the tongue). I bought mine in October, and they still look almost new in May.These are the first pair of Nike I've ever owned. I usually wear New Balance or Reebok, but I'm definitely a convert. The stitching is very well done, and the outside soles are in good shape and sturdy.The inside is comfortable with solid support and structure. The arches are still strong, and the insole is still in good shape. They are very comfortable and soft. They haven't stretched out.I wear these practically every day.", "excellent shoe design is great, recommend it, very light, ideal for training, I recommend it for all those people who want to throw the use of the diary is very good shoe, I use it almost every time.", "soles are not confortable at all. I had to keep  my old new balance and send to the trash 3 pairs of new nike  air max so othercwise they spoiled my feet soles even with or with our extra soles....", "EXECELLENT", "Super bright neon green/yellow, love them so much, amazing. The best nike air max by far, I recommend this shoes to anyone men and women.", "Love them! Beautiful, comfortable, and now I want to buy a new pair in black! Worth the money for sure!", "love these air max tennis shoes! always the best way to go when choosing a shoe with a lot of style", "I love this line of shoes as they are (in my opinion) the most comfortable shoes  on the market. However, after owning these shoes for a little over a month the air pocket developed a leek and am now unable to wear for anything other than casual day to day events.Now, after reading the above statement you would think I am in fact a bigger person, however, I am not! I am rather thin and do not/have not attempted to run in these shoes, nor did I ever get a chance to work out in them. Yup, that's right, they just  popped! No mas on the air pocket!! And guess what, I have no way of getting back my $180 ish dollars I spent on them as I just missed my return policy by less than a week and... and having said that, amazon gives you no way of contacting the seller after said return period has ended.Buyer beware.Update:Amazon is going to allow me to return the shoes! Love this company.", "these shoes are sick restock them in a men 13 please!do they usually restock new shoes every week? Thanks", "I've been wearing Air Max for years and finally had the opportunity to share the comfort with my sweetheart. He is not someone who wears sneakers AT ALL. I've converted him officially with these! :)", "These shoes are comfortable and they look GREAT. I have three other pairs in different colors. Definately worth the price.", "COULD YOU CHANGE TO OTER SMALL 7?I LIVE IN ECUADOR, BUT THE SHOES ARE IN MIAMIIF YOU CAN CHANGE, I WILL BRING TO ECUADOR", "They were very comfortable initially but they popped after a few uses. Sent them back to nike for a replacement claim but they denied the claim. Save you self a lot of money and just buy a balloon, it will last just as long and you can use the money you save for a normal shoe.", "I went to several stores in the Denver ,Colorado area looking for theses Nike Air Max 2013 in my size they were sold out ; so I went on Amazon and found them ; They look amazing and feel great on my feet ; I wear them to  Zumba  class and they look good with my outfits  .. I'm  glad I found the two tone soil bottom's they look so cool....there a  size 7.5 there a bit wide and a little bit bigger than most size 7.5 . they were sold out of size 7 ; But I been wearing  Air Max for the past  10 years and  I still have my first pair or I given a pair away a time or two they do cost more than most running shoes but I only had one pair that every tear up . I may buy two pair a year or every other year depending on the different styles  .But I wouldn't go walking  or workout in any other shoes cause there nice comfortable shoes that last year after year after year. You do get what you pay for when you purchase Nike air max....", "nike air max is my favorite shoe. i buy them over and over year after year and wear them almost constantly", "very comfortable, nice design, a bit pricey, but worth it, quality materials, completely original, ideal for walking, or shopping, or wear a good pair of shoes", "buen producto un poco elevado el precio para el tipo de zapato solo para conocedores de este  tipos de calzado", "Son unos tenis muy comodos. Son muy bonitos, los recomiendo ampliamente. Muy buen producto y excelente calidad. LLegaron en buen estado.", "I was very happy with these shoes for about a month because of the comfort and style. Unfortunately that feeling did not last long because the bubble popped last night on the right shoe. Wish I knew what to do with them now.", "My sons shoes and they have been great shoes all school year! Had no problems with them and they fit him good.", "i really like this pair of cross trainers. my only issue was that because i have a slightly high instep the shoes fit a bit close thus preventing me from tightening the laces very hard. ovreall its a great product. it provides great support and enhances my workout.", "Very nice shoe at a great price on Amazon! These shoes were bought for a very picky person when it comes to tennis shoes and she loves them! Says they are very lightweight and comfortable!", "Air max are always great shoes! Very comfortable and once you are used to it you would never switch to another.", "I had the shoes probably for one month I wore them maybe five times and the left shoe air pocket popped", "We are concerned about the &#34;air&#34; pocket in the back but if that holds up then these look like the best pair of nikes yet!! My husband plays alot of sports and says these fit amazingly!! They feel like your walking on a cloud! He just hopes the air pocket doesn't pop lol", "I have foot problems and this is the one running shoe that I can use that doesn't break down and make my feet hurt within a couple months.  I only get in 2-3 miles a day, so I am not an marathon runner.  I've been wearing Nike Air Maxes since 2009 when my podiatrist recommended them due to my foot injuries.  They last 9 months to a year of almost daily use.  They have a very stiff sole which gives you the support you need while running or walking.  Test your shoes by trying to bend them in half.  If they bend, that means there is very little support and your foot isn't suppose to bend that way.  These Nikes never bend and are super firm.  Run on my friends.  Run on.", "everything good! nice shoes, i will buy again in this site, thanks for your services, i give you 5 stars!", "Honestly, I have owned a lot of good shoes.....as I have always felt you can never spend too much on your feet if you use your shoes a lot.  And after going to the stores and trying on countless different pairs, this was by far the most comfortable shoe I have ever wore.  I bought them immediately after trying them on and walking a little bit in them.  I know this is not a cheap shoe, so if you are on a strict budget, this might not be for you.  But if you are les concerned with price and more concerned with comfort, this shoe is for you.  I am planning on buying a second pair here on Amazon within a week or two.", "My son has enjoyed these tennis shoes.  Very much in style and light weight too.  I would highly recommend this item.", "not much to say about Nike shoes.i have several color of this model and it is perfect for people with back pain", "While this is my third Nike Air Max 2013, this was definitely the first one I have always wanted.Great shoe, comfortable ride. The Pimento c/w really pops with anything.Easy cop!", "got these for my son and he really lieks them. great fit and feel with what appears to be a very well made product", "I haven't worn nike in awhile,but these are very comfortable.i have a pair of spring blades and nike beats them hands down.", "Ok I spent more on this shoe thinking it was an upgrade from my Nike Pegasus 29 but so far I'm finding that they are heavier and that little weight difference  is HUGE when your running every day 5+ miles a day! They are comfortable but not any more than the Pegasus 29 I would not buy this again and wish I would have stayed with a proven shoe!", "After all the hype about owning a pair of Nike Air Max 2013s, I decided I should try a pair myself. When I first opened the box I was somewhat disappointed since I was expecting an amazing shoe. They were comfy overall but ran a bit smaller than listed. The tongue of the shoe was also very flimsy which might not seem like a big deal but it rubbed me the wrong way. Overall it's not a terrible shoe, but I think there are better pairs of shoes out there. Personally, I had tried on the newer 2014 versions and they fit better, had greater cushioning, and breathable material. The supplier gave me a full refund within the 30 day order period so everything worked out okay.Just my 2 cents.", "AWESOME shoe! Also an eye catcher. these are the most comfortable shoe's I have ever worn. Get them now! you wont be disappointed.", "I bought this shoes to run and everyday use to shop in supermarket, to walk for the street the sunday's morning. this shoes are very confortable, lightweight, my feets don't have perspiration. The color is very striking and reflective swoosh is easy to see in the darkness.i'm so happy with my new shoes. five stars to nike. you did it again", "This bag is not only looking good it is spacious and good as a overnight travel bag. It is comfortable to wear even if its is fully loaded. Just love it.", "this shoe is very nice looking and was the right size but the inner piece pressed on my foot and was painful. The return department was helpful and courteous and processed my return fairly quickly although it took about three weeks.They returned the cost of the shoe and the shipping to me but I had to pay for the shipping back to the store. I know this is the policy  of this company but after paying that return cost I will in the future buy shoes where the shipping is free both ways.", "These golf shoes are so good, I wore them without socks the last round I played, and they treated my feet to an amazing, comfortable day. Can't recommend them highly enough!", "great! they are really comfortable and i love it. excellent shoes for work out. totally recomended!.excellent deal. love the color too.", "Nike would be advised to get rid of the hard plastic inside the shoe body. It rubbed on my bunion something fierce where I had to cut the shoe in order to wear it. They would benefit going back to the softer body shoe for the Free. Did not enjoy this pair. Much prefer the older style.", "These shoes were exactly what I was looking for! I got them as a gift and the recipient loves them. No complaints!", "These shoes were everything and more than what I had hoped for. They were delivered so much faster than estimated whichmade me happy since icould wear them sooner. Fit, feel and color are simply perfect. I highly recommend these.", "Love the color, the comfort and the look of it.The perfect shoe to show off at the gym! yeah", "These arrived 7 days earlier than expected.  Nothing funky about them.  I've owned 3 pairs of the Nike 3 Free Run so I knew what to expect and got them.  Love this new pink style and I couldn't find it in my size anywhere but on Amazon.  Wearing them now.  Can't wait to make real use of them!", "ORDER A SIZE/HALF A SIZE UP. 3 star because bad fit, too tight. Otherwise, these shoes look nice and are extremely lightweight.", "I was Active Duty Air Force for 2 and a half years and when I got pregnant I needed a pair of shoes that were light and comfortable.. These are amazing.. They are feather light, fit snug like a sock but have great stability. Now that my son is a year old I'm getting back into shape and these shoes are amazing!! I can do yoga, pilates, running, even P90x with these shoes and they feel great. I've had slippers less comfortable than these. They also breathe very well which is a plus if you have a tendency to get sweaty feet. Highly recommend!!", "Love the colors were a little tighter so order have a size bigger I think I have awe none time", "The Quality I expect from Nike. / Kinda expensive!It's an excellent product. 100% recommended. Very Comfort, perfect for gym and running.", "Overall look of shoe is really fantastic. Toe box was comfortable however the section across the top of my foot was tight. I would have given 5 stars had that portion not been so tight.", "The shoe runs a bit small.  I have narrow feet and this is a medium shoe and is not too wide.  I love the lightness.  The only thing that I don't like is the slits on the bottom of the sole.  If I walk through gravel, the gravel gets lodged into the slits on the heel area of the sole and I have to spend time pulling them out.  I'm afraid the gravel will scratch my floor so I have to be diligent about making sure they are pulled out.  Other than this, the shoe would be wonderful.", "they are SOOOOO light, they look beautiful, my favourite pair of shoes ever. i want them in all colors!! good fit.", "Love these shoes! Very comfortable and Nike+ sensor is a great workout guide! Get compliments on my shoes all the time.", "This is the second pair I have purchased. Great shoe with support for being on your feet all day. Has style for all ages.", "pro: very light weight.con: no cushioning under the &#34;ball&#34; of your foot or &#34;heel&#34;. Feel good as you walk around the house, but after 10 minutes of hitting the pavement, you notice your heels hurt, the ball of your foot starts to burn. There just is not enough cushion period.", "I recently had foot surgery and was looking for a new pair of running shoes for my new foot shape. These fit perfectly with know break in time or special lacing system. I'm buying a second pair as soon as I finish this review.", "I have a hard time finding good fit shoes for the box area of my feet because I run high on my balls of my feel...often bought shoes with more padding to help with the bruising...but this flex shoe with limited padding gives my feet all the freedom of a bare foot feel with no slipping or banging of my toes.", "I had a pair of the free run +2 and loved them. These are totally different. I have wide feet and the +2's were the best running shoe I've ever had. I ordered the +3's in the same size and they are just terrible. First of all, the tongue is not attached like the +2's which makes the shoe more bulky and rub against the top of your foot. The design also feels much narrower and has a coating on the outside which gives the shoe no stretch or give. I can barely walk in these let alone run in them. I even went to the athletic store to see if I needed a size larger, it didn't help the issue. Pretty sad. I think Nike missed the boat on this one.", "I wanted to get these shoes after I'd seen someone wearing them. They're comfy, but I ordered in the appropriate size and it was too small. That never happens!", "So far so good. Recovering from I T band injury and need the structure. Good toe box room. Great fit.", "Great looking shoe, very comfortable, very light! Problem??? I have had these things less than a month, under normal wear i.e. wearing them to work in retail setting, these things squeak. Not sure if the air pocket was popped, although not sure how I could have been, i'm in a store not at a construction site. When I walk in these things I am embarrassed therefore I will not wear them again! What good is a great looking shoe if your embarrassed to wear it??", "They are the most confortable shoes for everyday walking. And my feet as seen millage over the world. I will not recommand NIKE for runnig at my weight 215pds, but NIKE AIR will bring you confortably everywhere.", "This is my 3rd pair, they just fit great, and I like the stretch the material offers. The outside tab of rubber on the soles adds stability when cutting. Light weight, lasts a while. I wore my last ones down to bare rubber, and even down to the suede/leather material on the sides. The newer model of these comes with much thicker heavy material, much less give, and causes blisters on the outsides of my toes. Hate the new ones (IV's.) Trying to find more (III's) for sale.", "Soy amante al deporte a pesar de que los compre justo a la medida se siente super c&oacute;modos, este articulo es de un estilo semi casual, lo recomiendo", "Not only look and feel great but affordable. If you are looking for a good shoe to kick back in it's great too. Provides awesome ankle support", "The price and sneaker are both a great deal. The size was perfect and even had a little note from the owner about the purchase. Great attention to detail", "En realidad era lo que esperaba. Me quedaron muy bien. No ntengo mas nada que decir, solo que son buenos.", "it doesnt looks as in pictures but anyway looks great and feels great now i think these shoes are overpriced but anyway how i said before they are just ok but $50 with shipping included could be better than pay $70... And if you are from central america or another place in workd and your size is 9 you must buy this in 8.5 size", "I bought these for my nephew and he loves them, he said they fit great and are comfortable,  they look awesome, liked better then other brands I looked at.", "Got these a week ago and have played a few nights of basketball with them, and I totally dig these shoes....  they are comfortable, fit nice, and took care of my feet.", "I love the shoes although they were too narrow and uncomfortable. I had to pass them on to someone else.", "The hole at the top was way too small to get my size 13 foot into the shoe, and I didn't want to halfway unlace and re-lace everytime I wore them. Not too impressed with apparent quality either, think I was probably paying more for the Nike name than basic quality.  So I returned them.", "they didnt even last 3 months of normal use. gel heels blew out through the bottom in 2 months and the stitching at the seems is now starting to fall apart. sadly this is the quality we have come to expect from nike. i had a pair of john wall season 2 encore reboks before this and would love another pair of them because at least they lasted 9 months for half the price...", "I have bought a few of the slip on sandals like this one, but the rubber insets massage your feet and the sandal material is shock absorbing and comfortable.", "Product arrives on time and met all of my expectations.  Was true to size and color was as shown in all I am very satisfied.", "These sandals fit great, but as expected get dirty quite easily.  For the most part they clean up really easily, but the material in the sole is harder to get white again.  They are quite stylish and comfortable and I would recommend this model of sandals, but it might be better to get them in a darker colour.", "Good quality, not quite what I was looking for.  They don't make these in white leather, so I am still looking.", "Bought this slippers for my husband. I got a little curious and tried them on and they were so comfortable!!! I kept sneeking off in them...lol. Sadly they are too big for my feet but I would definately recommend them to anyone. Male or female!!!", "Looks really nice and feels really good! It is really good just as good as it should be. I love it", "My son loves it. He said it is very comfortable and he enjoys wearing them.  it was a nice Christmas present.", "These were a special order for my granddaughter.  Because we had to order mens they ran a little big but she was still very happy with them.  Just what the grandchild wanted:-)", "Well as soon as I saw the shoe box that's when I realized it wasn't new the box was all rip apart plus the shoes u can tell they've been abused badly since that was my first time purchasing stuff like this on line so when I went back to the site I saw two options choose from buying a used or new item I probably picked the the used one by mistake but now I know what to do", "I LOVE THESE SHOES THEY ARE THE ONLY SHOES THAT I WEAR AND WILL NEED A NEW PAIR BEFORE LONG.", "Nike shoes were to tight a size 8 was really a size 7-1/2 to me so I returned them. sorry", "I love this shirt. It is sized just right for running. I really appreciate that it is UV resistant. I am a runner, and love that it keeps me warm in the winter and cool in the summer. The color is lovely, and the texture is very comfortable.", "Good quality, comfortable material, is looser than ones that had bought previously, advisable to protect themselves from the Sun of the Caribbean", "Shoes fit great, look good, and they're light as a feather. I've never been disappointed by nike products, and these definately prove my point", "They're light and are good to run in, but in the beginning they were really uncomfortable at the toe area. To me the pain is tolerable, but I can see why people can't tolerate the pain. The shoes are now somewhat broken in, but that slight discomfort is still present..", "I have been buying these shoes for both of my sons for several years. They wear well and provide the structure they need for their running, working out, and overall wear.", "I had no idea what size to get in this shoe so I just went a half size up from my normal size and it fits PERFECT.", "I wear a size 10 and I ordered a 10.5 and it fit like a 10. When I contacted them about it they said they didn't have a size 11 to exchange it for I suggest buying this shoe one size bigger than your usual as this is a narrow fit shoe. Never the less it came on time and was in perfect condition", "it is good, before i thought that it may not very good, but it was good after i wear it.", "This was a gift for a friend and was as expected.  Always been nervous in buying shoes from the web.  There are a lot of companies that try to sell cheap shoes.", "I love these shoes, the detail on this and support it gives my ankles. A little heavy for athletes that like to go faster but these keeps me stable.", "Muy seguro, muy buena compra!!!Magnifico de muy buena calidad, muy bonito los zapatos!estoy muy contento; una excelente compra!!!Excelente!!!", "My daughter pick these out as her bday gift. They came earlier than expected which was great because it was before her bday. She opened the box and immediately put them on. Although they fit somewhat big she still wears them everyday!", "Great shoe!! I love the sneaker. It does fit a little narrow but other than that it's a beautiful find.", "These are comfortable shoes and stylish. Wearing them is like walking on air.  Size was true to what I normally wear.", "These are probably the best and most comfortbable air max I have owned, perfect for running or just casual wear-Love!!", "Very disappointed in this shoe design. Toes went right through the top of shoe immediately. Would not buy turbos again. NZ seem to have better design.", "this shoes are an excellent choise. great colour. no more to say. . . . . . . . .", "I typically don't like ordering shoes online, but I have yet to be disappointed with Nike Shox.  They fit my foot exactly right and feel great.  I'm a Georgia Bulldog fan also, and the colors on these are great for game days.  If you have bought Shox before, these fit exactly like the ones you already have so you can feel safe in ordering the size that you currently wear for Nike Shox.", "the show overall is good.. but the nike sensor does not work. Makes me doubt if its original. But so far, it works for all", "excellent fit!, looks great, everybody on my works tell me you're shoes are amazing, love that!! Thanks nike, thanks Amazon!!! You made my week!!!!", "I am over weigth and start running on 5K runns an this one are the best on the !st run I recude my time by almops 2 min", "I wear these for work and they're excellent. They keep me moving during a long day. I rate these five stars.", "Great running shoe, first pair of Nikes I&#8217;ve ever owned. Will mention if you&#8217;re not use to running with that much of a forward stance your calve muscles are in for a surprise.", "Well I got them two days ago and ran in them for the first time yesterday. There was some slight discomfort and rubbing to the top of my big toe. But I think that will go away after breaking them in a little bit more. I would buy this product again.", "i passed up on this sneaker when it first came out awhile ago. i was shock that i found them on amazon! i had already had this sneaker in a different color way so i love how they fit, its a snug on the first time but it fits great after that. i really like how the black and crimson on this model q", "Waiting until summer to wear these shoes. Some scratches on the purple and oranage part but other then that it's a great buy. Everyone i've shown them to want them.", "Wasn't what I expected in the Nike Boot. Doesn't fit as well as the other Nike Boots Will not order this type pf boot again", "This shoe is great.Great cushion for every stride.Nike+ only makes it better.", "Fast shipping and just as the picture! As a gift for my brother, I can tell you he was extremely pleased!!! Thank you!", "This sneaker fits better than all the other Shox I have in my possession. The gray ensures that it can match with any color of causal wear.Sweet!!!!", "I have had two pair of Lunarglides which are now my go to running shoe.  These seem a bit snug.  The design and colors are awesome, though, and I will continue on working to break these in.", "Love the colour and pattern of these runners, and the pink highlights means they will go with more outfitsVery comfortable during work outs", "These 'Oncore High Skate Shoes' by Nike are both stylish and comfortable.  This high-top is designed for skateboarding - it gives great ankle support and is cushioned with Nike's 'Zoom Air Unit'.  With this in mind, I bought these sneakers primarily for street wear.PROS:These are 'crazy comfortable' shoes!The black with dark gray colorway looks great with jeans.Built tough, these Nike have a leather suede/nubuck upper with mesh tongue for breathability.The Nike 6.0 Oncore High's temperature technology fabric really works!  It keeps my feet comfortably cool.  Goodbye tired (and smelly) feet :))The 'Medium Width' sizing allows extra comfort for my wider feet - no more bruised toes!Shipped with an extra pair of grey laces. I prefer these - they enhance the sneakers black and dark gray colorway.CONS:No harm in asking for a better pricing! :))Taking into consideration pricing, comfort and style, these Nike sneakers are a great buy.  Whether it's casual wear or the occasional game of street ball, these 'Oncore High Skate Shoes' deliver!RECOMMENDED: You may also like this 'Nike 6.0 Air Zoom Oncore High' in the more stylish colorway - Cool Gray/Blue Print-DP-Burgundy-White.", "I brought the shoes for my grandson.  He 13 and he loves the shoes. All his friends like them too. He's over joyed.", "I wish they were still making the 3.  The 4 is not nearly as comfortable.  It's still a good shoe.  But it's not a great shoe.  I have foot problems and they're just not quite soft and padded enough to keep all pain away.  With the 3s my feet NEVER hurt.  Here's hoping Nike might listen and go back to the Vomero 3.", "Great quality.  Fit comfy and great for soccer. The color is bright and fashionable. Would love other colors.  Would recommend to any soccer player.", "These Air Max fit just fine.  My foot is a little narrow.  Some shoes I have tried pull away at the heel, because they are cut wider.  Not so with these.  However, these are not as soft underfoot as the Air Max Bowerman Series that I own.  I will continue to buy Nike because of the fit.  I volunteer at a school with inner-city kids.  They think my shoes are cool!", "I love them.I use them for work and for working out and yet no signs of wear and tear.They are really comfortable.", "They are so comfortable and cute with jean's. I have two pair's in different color's and love them. Fit perfect. Would highly recomend!", "My husband wanted an all blue Air force ones, but that is like finding good gold, so when i saw this white/blue one it looked perfect.So thanks to amazon for showing me other option.", "I'm wearing out my 5th pair of these shoes.  I play lots of tennis and this is the best shoe I've found for support.  If I wear anything else, it feels like I'm pounding the heck out of my joints.  They're also very stable.  I've always had a tendency to twisting my ankles, but these shoes give a lot of stability! Knock on wood, but I haven't twisted my ankles since I've worn them. I'm sad that Nike is discontinuing these shoes, so I'm buying a couple pairs to stock up!", "Loved the shoes, Blazer rock! As expected the shoes fit and was enjoyed by the good daughter for school. awesome find!", "One of the best forces I've ever bought before, and the material used is durable. Style is cool, also like that the shoe came with another color shoe strings.", "It is a very comfortable and nice shoes, also have a very nice style. Its design is excellent and striking. I recommend it to people who like the convenience.", "It is a very comfortable and nice shoes, also have a very nice style. Its design is excellent and striking. I recommend it to people who like the convenience. Arrived right on time and fit great", "Great shoes  loved them the color was awesome matched with most of my clothes comfortable shoes and will do business again", "Very comfortable shoes, fits perfect, also fast delivery.  7 1/2 and 8 in women, which is size 6 and 6 1/2 in men. went with a six, and can never feel them on my feet, forget i'm walking with them.  struggle between size Was asked before my shoes were sent out what size I was to make sure the right size was sent,  which is an extra step to make sure there wasn't any mix-up.  Would definitely buy from this seller again.", "Love the shoe. Of course the air max is usually narrow.  My feet are narrow.  So it fits perfectly for me. Fits true to size.  Great shoe all around", "The shoes are well worth the money. My feet feel great after a full day at work. I am 55 years old the kids think it is funny that I choose to sport the younger generation's shoe style but they are comfortable", "The look an the feat and the convenience that's what's keeps me coming back to hsn the big plus is flex pay", "I purchased them for my husband as a valentines day gift because he wanted the infrareds. He loves them even tho they are not the infrareds!!!!", "Have other pairs of Nike Air Max 90s so I know how they feel and fit. Very comfortable shoe. Awesome color also.", "super comfortable and every one loves them because of the colors. fits to size. I'm a 10.5 US. Fits snug.", "I have owned many nike sneakers but I find this very comfortable. It's good to walk on snows and also in the summer. I will shop more from the buyer in the future", "Fits to size.The color scheme perfect.Feels good on the foot and has lots of support.I was a bit skeptic about the store these were coming from but the shoe is legit!Definitely recommend getting these shoes as the Air Max  90 LONDON QS are limited editions.", "Because I love the shoes and I want another pair but the price went up. But I'm still searching for another pair", "getting ready for a new purchase i love nike air max in all productsast and safe!! Thank you 100 % recoment.", "I received a pair of these and they had globs of glue all over them. I had to return them and decided not to do an exchange because they were too big to begin with.", "If you are an old school nike person like me, then these are a must. I have nine pair of nikes and these are by far the coolest. they get complaments everywhere I go. If you are considering them, stop and just get em.", "These are hands down the most comfortable running shoes I have ever known! I have recommended these to every runner I know. These shoes are a sure thing", "Even we the blessed ones that have money too burn!! These prices are way to extreme for anybody's budget. For anyone that cares do not buy Air Jordan from here period end of discussion there are a few sites that i have bought my shoes/Air jordans from & never here because these people think that the majority people that purchase air jordans are dumb & are willing to pay anything because they are air jordan crazy lol & some people are just that coo coo when it comes to these products & some people take advantage of that fact. I pay about &75 to 100$ for mine never a cent more one of my site are as follows [...] I challenge anyone to check it out & you can thank me later!!!! Why i am doing this is because i care.........(:(:", "Not sure if these were 100% realAfter I wore them a few times they looked funny think they're great replicas", "I had these shoes back when I was in middle school and I just had to buy it again to get them back. Great authentic Jordan shoes. I didn't have any problems, fast shipping and I would recommend buying from here.", "This is one of the great Jordans to have in retro collection. Good fit and comfy. Nicely detailed and really well made. A must have for a collection.", "As promised did not mind paying the extra dough,  very good quality and the size was as requested.  Thank You.", "Although a day late, they redeemed themselves by delivering on a Saturday!  Fit perfect.  I love to dress me and my toddler alike.  Perfect and timeless shoe.", "I was a bit worried because I got this shoe for myself, and I'm 22 years old and normally wear womens US 6 but i could not got my hands on these shoes in womens (sold out everywhere!) therefore i got 4.5 US in kids. I received the shoes 10 mins ago and I am so glad that they fit PERFECTLY. They are not tight nor loose. The perfect fit ever. I would recommend it to everyone!", "When I order this product, it stated white/white. However, once I received, it was not the color I order and was not authentic.", "It was wonderful shopping from my home computer. The shoes was a great fit for my child. Thanks a million!", "We are very happy with these shoes. My son loves these shoes. They fit perfectly and were as perfect as we expected.", "Bought this for a friend of mine teenage daughter and she absolutely loved them.  I was a bit concerned about the sizing but they were absolutely perfect!!!", "Where was this style all these years!!!! the comfort is amazing. There is plenty of room around the toes. my biggest gripe is that nike runs narrow, but not this style. although it is not a WIDe shoe size, it is far from narrow and give nice room around the wide part of the foot.. this is not a shoe for those who like a snug fit. the color is cool and different and the picture reflects the actual color perfectly,", "please don't buy these glasses if you live in northern california... lol... these glasses are pretty cool. they are not polarized, and the lenses are grey on the inside and reflective orange on the outside.... the frame is grey in some lights and darker in other lights...  the fit is great... the pair i bought, were actually made in italy.... i've heard stories of people buying knockoffs.. but i lucked out i guess.....", "I began coaching my son's t-ball team and did not want to wear my softball cleats, so the AIr Diamond Trainer is a perfect solution.  They have the 'baseball ready' look and are very comfortable.", "Good The shoes look good. The colors are great for a women. I liked this shoes to my girlfriend. T", "I have bought many pairs of shox's size 6 and they have never fit so snug as these do I kept them but they are tight!", "They fit a little tight. But all in all it's a nice shoe.I wwould just have to go up half size", "I love this type of shoe to be wearing when going to school or work all day. Very nice shoe.", "I have severe back problem and have found that nike shox are the only shoes that do not make my back ache worse can wear them all day with no problems.", "I love taking long walks.  Last Saturday, I walked from Manhattan to the Bronx and the right sneaker made a small cut below my big toe. That took several days to heal.  I still like the sneakers but the right foot don't like me.  I had to clip the inner leather and stitch a soft padding inner lining in that place so I can wear them.", "I bought this shoe because my boyfriend had purchased a pair for work. He walks all day in a hospital. He loved them. So, I bought them because I had a baby 9 months ago & am trying to lose the baby weight. I needed a shoe that really gripped my feet well. Well, these really do hold your feet together well. the only thing i didn't like is that Nike tends to make their shoes very narrow at the top by the toe. But once you can break in the leather, the shoe fits like a glove. Would i buy another pair? maybe. for the price, I'm not too sure of how impressed I am.", "I had been looking at these shoes for a while and held out because leather usually cracks so easily. Unfortunately I work in the medical field and had to buy all leather. I went and tried them on in a real store and I'm glad I did. I'm normally a size 7 and I needed a size 7.5 because there narrower than normal. I've had them for over 2 weeks and they are already scuffed so I keep them at work and just change when I get there. This is my second pair of shox and though they do take some getting use to (about three days of cont wear)I love them. They are easy to clean and I've received many complement. There's not a lot of options for all white leather shoes that don't make you look like a grandma. I gave it 5 because they fit what I need, are comfortable for an 8 our shift, and I like the way they look. Did I need to pay over a hundred dollars for them? Probably not, but its a tax right off because there for work. I'm happy with my purchase.", "First, I should mention that I own many shox by Nike .... And I'm size 6.5. When I got these shoes I was soo excited because they look very nice, I couldn't wait to put them on ..... They fit very tight, I thought they would stretch a little bit with the hours but nope, I walked and walked and walked hoping for some stretch to happen until I gave up because they were killing me! So the conclusion is, I wouldn't recommend these shoes because the first characteristic of a sport shoe is &#34;TO BE COMFORTABLE&#34; and these are NOT...", "Like them a lot! Nice shoe without all the fluorescent colors! White with atouch of teal blue. Very well made.", "Buy these shoes one whole size bigger then normal! These shoes are so beautiful  just make sure you buy big or your feet will go numb from wearing them!", "will not be buying from this company ever again worst service ever. shoes did not fit, they did not come on time, they would not take them back. so i had to sell them myself. this company needs to post correct shoe sizes or just stop selling them/ scamming people", "I bought these shoes hoping for something comfortable and easy to slip on for running out of the house. They met my standards perfectly! Way more comfortable then expected and I've worn these shoes for 4 miles walks. They do run small. I ordered a 9 and wear 8.5 normally. My toes still touched the front of the shoes.You can't go wrong for the price!", "I love these shoes so much that I'm saving up for a new pair.  I wore them for about six months and now I need new ones.  They are GREAT for running!  I recommend these shoes for anyone with narrow and flat feet, because of the great support they provide.  I'm a heavy woman and they are perfect for helping me with my joints and lower back.  Get these shoes for work, working out, or just because they look cool.  I recommend these shoes with ten stars.", "The shoes came a day late, but they were well worth the wait. They are so comfortable that they don't feel like they need any breaking in. They're very light weight and provide good support.", "Very nice shoes.", "Excellent pair of shoes. Bought it because I wanted to look like a power ranger with the neon colors. Definitely goes well with my costume. Plus I can now run faster to catch bad guys.", "This is an awesome pair of running shoes.  Very comfortable and extremely light in weight.  Already went on my first mile run and it was great.  Very nice color and these provide great support.  I highly recommend these shoes.  Good price, very much worth it.  Finally, the seller was really prompt in delivery, great service.  Overall, very satisfied with the buy.", "I got these as a gift for my husband. He loves them. They are perfect for running. Just what he needed! :)", "I'm one of those guys who can't have enough shoes. I know exactly how my Nikes, Pumas, Diesel's and oxfords should fit.This shoe was bought specifically for this year for when I take my toddler on walks exclusively (mainly so they stay clean and aren't coincidentally worn when someone needs help in a yard, etc). They perform flawlessly on walks, and honestly I tend to wear them around the house on my days off as they are incredibly light and you almost forget you are wearing them.", "Great overall fit Nike in the past seemed to run narrow for a good fit for me, but these are awesome.  Super light and affordable I have two pairs and love the new design.", "Shoes were exactly what I expected and very comfortable. Also lightweight, which is a plus for traveling. If you can deal with the lime green these shoes are great.", "I've been a keen runner for almost 4 years now and throughout this time I've always worn Nike running shoes, mainly because of the quality fit I always seem to get when trying on Nike shoes. All my running is done on paved or termac surfaces so I've always opted for the more cushioned pegasus or lunarglide shoe. Whilst browsing online one day I saw these for 45 and decided to take a gamble (I was aware they were much less cushioned than my usual shoe).After running approx 20 miles in the first week wearing these I was a little concerned that my legs felt a little more fatigued than usual, but this sensation soon abated after a few more runs. The striking thing about these Nikes once you run them in is how natural they feel on your feet, they are so light and comfortable and give just enough feedback unlike my last pair of pegasus which felt bouncy and unstable. All in all I'm delighted with the flex shoe, I've now done approx 100 miles in them with no negative issues. As for people marking them down because they squeak on certain surfaces or get stones in the treads..... &#34;seriously!!&#34; These are running shoes...... for running!!! This runner thinks they are a damn good shoe.", "Worth every penny.  Product is incredibly comfortable and light. Style is conservative yet athletic.. Very similar to lunar series but little wider in the front.", "use it all the time to run, walk and everyday errands. love this color as well, hope you like it as i did", "Bought these as a gift for my grandson, who is in Dental school.  He is on his feet a lot, & says these shoes are quite comfortable.", "My 12 year old son wears these everyday and he is rough on shoes. They held up longer than any other tennis shoe we've ever bought. We liked them so much, we bought a second pair in a different color.", "I run track and feel, and after a month of being used for 3 hours every day, the front black rubber spots on the bottom sole tore right off. The grey material used to make the bottom of the shoe seemed to just grind away and I'm nearly running bear foot now. These shoes seem look durable especially coming from a reputable manufacturer. You get what you pay for", "I run at least 6% faster in this shoe. Girls notice me. My feet no longer stink. What else can you ask for?", "bought these for the gym and they look good and are comfortable i should have ordered a half size bigger since these run small.", "Very pleased with this shoe. It's a great balance between good cushioning and still very lightweight.It fits pretty snug, so depending on the shape of your foot you might need to go 1/2 size bigger than normal.Contrary to some other reviews, getting small rocks and pebbles in the tread hasn't been a big issue. Yes it happens, but it doesn't seem any worse than previous running shoes I've owned before.Currently running 3 times a week, 3-4 miles each time, but going to start training for my first marathon this summer... excited to put these shoes to real work!!!", "Really excited about this shoe. It fits just as expected and I love the color being grey and neon. Its also a very light weight and flexible shoe. My only issue is it has no arch support. My foot actually started hurting because of it and I had to go buy arch supports and now they are perfect.", "The Nike Men's flex shoes are very light weight but still give comfortable support.  I use them for running on a track but I believe they would be suitable for trail running as well.", "you sent me the wrong size. I ordered size 10 and they sent me size 9. I'm angry. I do not live in the us and i get really expensive return it, I'll wait for someone to go beyond return. : (", "It was as it was described.  It is comfortable and go well with not only the workout outfit but almost all casual outfit.  I would definitely recommend it.", "So comfortable! This is my husbands second pair. He wore the first pair nearly every day for a year. He deserved a brand new pair", "I've worm Nikes for years  and these shoes are uncomfortable don't buy them.  They also make a popping noise when you walk", "I bought this for track running and this is just right for it. Light, soft, cool and flexible. It was somewhat small when I tried it first, but the shoes itself transformed to my feet. So if you feel just uncomfortably small, try for few days and it will be fine.", "This running shoes are very comfortable and light. Perfect for exercising. It comes in a variety of colors. It did fit as expected.", "I bought this for my father, he totally loves it! Totally recomended, I try it once and it is very comfortable!!", "The shoes fit fine, and feel really good, they're great for running too.  But they SQUEAK on any smooth surface no matter how you walk.  You can always hear me when I'm in the office kitchen, and they squeak the entire time I'm at walmart.", "couldn't find this shoes locally, found on line for a great price$$$ I recommend the shoes because of how light they are and comfortable.", "So comfortable, sick design and the flexibility is amazing. ! Didn't expect this shoe to be this great! Just wish the white wasn't at the bottom :\\", "even the number is one size larger than usual , this sneaker did not fit well .  Besides a beautiful color and appearance.", "I love love love NIKE now that I got the chance to try them for the first time. As this was my first Nike shoe, and I was so surprised and amazed of the quality, comfort, style. I use these shoes on the go and everyday long walks.", "I bought these for my dad. He likes light weight yet durable shoes for working out at the gym. These shoes seem to work nicely for him for those reasons.", "I bought these hoping they would be like the 7.0 version 2 but they aren't.  They have weird side panels that stick out and make the shoe look dorky or that is how I feel they look anyway. They are not as comfortable as my previous Free versions but I can wear them to take out the trash and run errands.", "Slippery on a gym court. Otherwise nice. Not good for doing suicide runs back and forth in a gym, but good for jogging", "Wow these shoes are amazing. They fit great. They don't hurt my feet. They are so soft. I highly recommend.", "I bought it for my first running shoes. It is very soft. Good for running beginner. But you need to buy half size larger than your normal  size.", "Very comfortable shoes with great cushioning! They look just amazing and I have bought them in another 3 colors d", "Let me be simple if u r looking x comfortable and a good price this is the one I go to the gym and I have to say when I walk is same thing like no shoes I love my Nike tr fit 3 and I can assure u you'll love them too", "I crossfit on the regular and i love these shoes!  so does everyone else at the gym.Highly recommended for others.", "I absolutely love these shoes!  Best money I have every spent. I wear them all the time.  They get dirty easily but I expected that with white shoes", "I read a s*** ton of reviews on these shoes and others. Ended up buying these and I love them. Light weight, comfortable, flexible. The perfect work out shoes for me. I also am digging the colors. I bought half a size up from reading other reviews and they're a perfect fit. I do recommend buying half a size up. Can't go wrong with Nike!", "when i got these shoes, there was the typical 'nike free' tattoo on the inside where the heel goes. okay. about 3-4 days after wearing it the 'nike free' got rubbed off.. idk if thats because i bought the shoes online or if all the 'nike free' shoes do that, but it got me thinking the quality of buying shoes from these specific ppl (or just online) has been compromised, to give us lower prices or w/e. ANYWAY, the shoes fit and look great, im glad i got these and not any other Nike shoe bc these are reaaalllyyy dirt-resistant, despite the color. LOVE these shoes ^_^", "Good buy if you're using for light activities like walking - would not recommend for jogging.  Overall a good sneaker", "Nice! Really good, solid shoe. My daughter lives this shoe. Very comfortable and good looking. I would purchase again. Lots of wear.", "I chose this shoe because I have several old pairs. The shoe was attractive and the front fit fine. Unfortunately the heel was too big (boxy). The lining was flimsy but I was able to fix this with an old liner. I would recommend this shoe for someone with a wide heel.", "Love these shoes!  They are super stylish and very lightweight!  Love the purple shoeslaces!!  I feel very cool at the gym with these!", "I bought these for my wife and she loves the fit, light weight, comfort and support.  She wears them for every work out and they look smashingly good!", "Fit perfect, came in great condition. Very nice shoe. Brand new out of the box, love them so so much.", "These shoes ran  very big.  No arch support.  I bought insoles and still couldn't feel any support.  They were attractive, just didn't work for me.", "These shoes are so good they are so light and cool to wear, but still absorb any impact during high energy workoutsPeople comment on them all the time", "They where great even when I had to return the idem. They deliver in one day. I recommended this company to my family and friend.", "Really like this pair of shoes. I actually missed that they could have the Nike+ tracking pod inserted in the sole, that was an added benefit.  Have held up well with 300+ miles so far.", "Bought them as Christmas gift to my 12 year-old son. He played and trained twice a week. Now one of the loops that holds the laces broke,  and the sole separated from the shoe. Will never buy this type of shoe again.", "The size is good, just a little tight on my left foot so my left must be bigger than my right.", "I work from home and wear these all day long. They are super comfortable and I like that I can just rinse them off or wipe them down as needed. I had another pair of Nike slides before this that I wore for 5 or 6 years. These seem like they will be quite durable.", "We love these shoes....been wearing them for years and just needed a new pair....just love them....thank you fir a great purchase", "Comfortable and sporty.  I wear them around the house.  These are a good buy, well worth the money. Highly recommend!", "Better than i few years ago. These sandals are good. My wife loves them. No more dirty feet. Thank you.", "Love these slides. They fit me better then any other brand that I've purchased and feel good to walk in too! I definitely recommend these slides and the shipping was fast.", "Slippers are not as comfortable as i thought it would be. i was quite disappointed when i finally got to try it on", "These are perfect. I've always wanted sandals like this. They're really nice to wear when I don't wanna dress up. I'm very happy that I bought them!", "They are comfortable. I would recommend these sandals to everyone. They fit perfectly. I will shop with you again. Thank you", "My daughter purchased these sandals herself and practically lives in them.  She says they are comfortable and easy on her feet.  Good selection and price.", "Great shoes that I have been wearing for over 2 years.  Wear well and still look good!  I would recommend Nike products to anyone.", "I have always bought Nike a half size bigger than I normally wear. No exception here.Great shoe. Very tactile feel. Not sure if it qualifies for true minimalist shoe but definitely close.", "Due to lack of information I purchase a pair of the NIKE shoes and I specify \"Wide\". then @ the arrival time I intent to try, I did fine that they will not fit my foot, checking the new pair I find that the with was standard. When I contacted them I found that I have to be charge 8/9 dls.  just to return the shoes. Well you guessed correct if you guess that \"I will never deal with them again.", "These shoes look great on.  I like the crisp clean white look of the shoe plus the silver detail.  Very stylish!", "i don't know what happen but my shot got better and moves got more crisp once i put these shoes on.", "These shoes are the most comfortable I have ever worn!I wouldn't wwear them on harsh road as I think you would feel every rock. I wore these on a shopping trip. any shoes I wear on days like that I can't wait to get off, but not these! I realize I got a bargain. They fit true to size.", "Well made shoe with great arch support especially for my son with flat feet.  Great room in the toe box. Will purchase again!", "It's big enough to fit a house key and some ID.  That's all I need it for.Doesn't impact the way my shoe flexes when I walk either.", "By far I am very happy with these shoes, When I wear them It looks like I walk over grass.", "I bought a pair of these shoes about a week ago.  The sales people in the store said that these shoes are the MOST comfortable shoes in the store.  I was skeptical at first but after walking around in them for a few minutes, I realized that they ARE really comfortable.  I've been wearing them every day since.", "I bought my daughter the black and white slides for her birthday and she started looking for other color options. These were the ones that she picked and they are adorable. My only complaint is that once you get that pink dirty you can't get it clean again. However, these are some of the most comfortable slides on the market. Both my daughter and I have a couple of pairs. Highly recommened for style and comfort.", "These are the most comfortable slides I've every purchased. The memory foam just cradles  my feet, it feels amazing after a long day at work. I would definitely purchase another pair.", "This is my second pair of &#34;comfort slides&#34; from Nike. They have new color combos that are fun & playful. Great for summer!", "I cant wait to get home and put these on. They are adjustable and dont have that toe thing like on a thong type. Love these.", "Will order more colors soon. Didn't take a long time to get. Memory form doesn't last as long. Thank ou", "Vendor quickly shipped product, I just think that dishes are actually smaller then shown. But the product is great I was able to give as a gift", "The shipper was great quick and great packaging. The sandal is narrow and because of the pillow cushion (which I thought would be wonderful) they are actually hard to stand on. Not at all as comfortable as I thought.", "I am so glad I ordered these sandals.  They are very comfortable and sporty.  I would definitely recommend them.", "I like the product but am not impressed by the sizing. I'm disappointed in this. I would have preferred the sizing to be better clarified.", "The shoes are perfect, very comfortable. I recommend this to anyone who wants comfort, sizes are cut U.S. not china.", "This is my 3rd pair!  I have some severe back problems and when they &#34;flare up&#34; - these are the sandals I always choose to wear", "This is my 3rd pair of Nike slides.  The first pair wore out in the insole material.  I need the padding and these are very comfortable for my feet and back with arch support.  I do wish the insole was a sueded leather for durability.  Otherwise they wear very well.  I use them mostly indoors.  I really have never seen this red anywhere else.  I bought another pair in black with blue insole.  I may start wearing them outside.  I now have trouble wearing thongs comfortably, so these are much more comfortable.  I love them!", "I have neuropathy........and these sandals are the best fit and the best for my feet.  I do not have to worry about my pain when I where these as they provide cushion and comfort.  I would recommend these to anyone who suffers from neuropathy!", "on the pair i ordered there was a suggested retail tag on the shoe for alot less than what I paid.  The shoe did appear to be worth the higher price.  But not to me.", "They arrived fast. They were the right size and color I ordered and I will order them again. Although a little more than I wanted to pay.", "I have high arches and semi-narrow feet which are fair boney, but nice looking. ;0) I like shoes that are stylish and comfortable. In the past, I've been obsessed with Borns, but the newer ones haven't been as comfy. I love the Crocs Patricia II for wearing out (comfortable, good arch support, and stylish), but needed something for just around the house. I first tried the Nike Comfort Slide, but they sent me the wrong color and when I tried it on the foam was uncomfortable and didn't give my arch any support. Then I tried the Crocs Meleen, but the footbed nubs were really sharp and not soft like the Patricia II. Also the high upper strap was tight on my slender boney foot and I found it painful. It also cut off circulation to my feet and left them numb feeling. Since I have slender feet, this hasn't happened with other shoes I've tried before. Finally I tried the Sanrah and found it to be very comfortable. It has soft footbed nubs like the Patricia II, good arch support, and a lower heel than the Patricia II, which I thought was better for around the house.", "flip flops are so comfy. good fit and they are gel soles that are so soft and comfy. good fit and strap is adjustable and doesn't dig into your foot", "They are very comfortable but I ordered a size ten and it feels like a size 9 so Ryder one size bigger but overall they are good", "I love this sandal for its comfort.  However, when water my plants outside with the garden hose I got them wet.  That is where it began they now stink and I even tried washing them but once that gel cushion get wet THEY STINK, THEY MAKE MY FEET STINK!!!", "The colors are summery and snazzy and the fit and feel are very comfortable - this is my second pair of Nike sandals which I still wear - they do hold up very well.", "very good quality and fit, comfortable sole with arch support which is important to me.  Love the color as well.", "These are so comfortable and are way better than I expected! They are also so bright in color and I get so many compliments! The shipping was super fast, I got them within 5 days of me buying them! Overall if you are thinking about getting these buy them!", "Great Item for kids with sports.  Kids love to take off athletic shoes and put these on.  They do run small so be sure to order 1-2 sizes larger.  my 10 year old wears a size 7 but we had to return an 8 and get a 9.", "todo bien la talla el color el modelo son originales en envio la fecha fue cumplida segun lo acordado en general todo salio bien siempre pendientes por parte del envio", "I own a size 9 pair in brown that I purchased in a department store and these pink ones I purchased here are definitely not a size 9. Not happy with this purchase.", "I like these slides a lot. I am on my second pair, and use them as house slippers. The cushioning is very comfortable, and I like the good air circulation around the foot. For closed-toe shoes I usually need a 7.5. But open toed shoes I prefer a 7. I have a narrow foot, so when I can get an open toe, a smaller size works better for me. I did get the 7 and I am happy with it. It's snug, but my foot doesn't slide and the shoe stays on.", "I now own two pairs of these comfort slides and several of the thong style comfort slides, I will not wear any other sandals they are so comfortable epecially since I have no arch in my foot and have back issues, great sandals I love them!!!", "Very comfortable and a well-made slide, with the exception of the velcro which doesn't work very well.  For the money, I would not recommend.", "Love the product but no invoice in the shipment bag? What if I needed to return it? There would be no documentation, was surprised the shipment did not include any paperwork", "I need a pair flip flop to wear indoor,  Very comfortable and I liked the strap is adjustable, just in case some cool days I can wear it with socks", "I really am glad I purchased thise slides.  They are so comfortable.  The footbed is so soft and it makes your feet feel so go when you are wearing them.  I wish they came in a Topaz Blue/Gray, I would buy them!Thank you!", "I couldn't ask for more comfortable slides. I wish I would have bough 2 pair instead of just one. Very nice slides", "Hi-First of all they don't have half sizes so I ordered down on my normal size 6 and a half so be aware and if you were a half size order the size up, not down like I did. Next to being too small, I found them to not be very comfortable because the cushion that is in the shoe does not go over the entire shoe so it's like have a pillow on the shoe that doesn't fit the shoe right. When I slip my feet in I want the bottom of the shoe to be even.", "it was a good rating. The shoe fit perfect on my feet. I like the color and how the shoe is made.", "I've owned these in the past (diff colors) and knew how comfortable they would be .  They are exactly what I expected", "I love this sandals so much! They are so squishy and comfy that it doesn't even feel like your wearing shoes! I always get complements whenever I wear them! I am very happy that I bought them and I have absolutely zero regrets at all. I didn't find a single thing that I didn't like about them! And I love the colors too. They are super bright and awesome for spring and summer!", "Very comfortable and I love them! Came on time!Now it's getting warm I can wear them!Thank you & might order some for the kids!", "Slipper very comfortable . I wear 71/2 ordered the 8 but felt that it just barely made the cut for size of my foot. But really no extra room for tightening . My feet are slender so if you feet or wide or slightly in between wide & slender these aren't for you . These slippers run small in size & they don't come in half sizes . Kinda disappointed with Nike on this issue. Even thought about going up to the size 9 to have extra comfort  room .", "for the price and the name, construction is poor.  no arch suppot, no extra padding in the heal.  these need to be reworked, not all people have arches or heal pads.", "So surprised all I ever buy is nike flops these are so uncomfortable and fit horribly. ..wasted alot of money ..not happy w purchase at all!!!", "I enjoy these slide on, very comfortable, long lasting slide on. These slide on might be around for a long time. I'm very happy with my choice of slide on.", "I got the shoes for Mother's Day. And she loves them! She wears the shoes all the time, because they are so comfortable.", "I bought these for my girl friend and she says they are somewhat comfortable but very narrow and she has wide feet because of an accident so it didn't feel to secure, the color was nice though.", "this product is great and very comfortable and soft... although i read the reviews first before purchasing and it does run small so if you are getting this get 2 size from your original size.... the only down side is it get dirty easy....", "Perfect !  Very Comfortable ! ! These sandals will take me through the summer months ! They are easy to slip on  and ready in an instant to wear,", "the shoe looks good. but I could not wear it because the width was not good.i need a wider shoe.", "Thank you , it's good as I expected. And I wear them after i practice. I'm glad that I brought it :)", "This is one of the best sandals my wife has worn as it made her comfortable and it feels like you are walking on a cloud. Great product and I highly recommend for anyone who gets foot pains.", "I bough these slides for the hot tub area and they work wonderfully. They dry rapidly so are ready for use the next day. Love the color, too.", "I bought these for my mom and she loves them, it fits her just as expected. These slippers are very comfortable and sporty.", "I wear the same size in Merrill and Yellow Box sandals, but this shoe was too loose across the top while barely being long enough.  Not a good fit at all.  Be very careful if you choose this shoe.  They are pretty, though, for whatever that's worth.", "best ev Due to major back surgery in 2005.  I haven't been able to wear any type of toe separater thong in years, these are fantasic.  Thank you Nike.", "This is the 2nd pair of the same slides I bought, because I love them so much. Great cushioning, feet stay cool and dry, and they are so comfy to walk around in.", "I bought these while on a trip in Vegas.  With all the walking we were doing my usually comfortable Aerosole sandals were just not cutting it.  I bought a pair of these Nike's and wore them every other day that we did a lot of walking and they were incredibly comfortable.  No break-in time required and not even a hint of a blister or soreness anywhere.  These things rock!!  Even more comfortable than my crocs, and I think they are more stylish looking as well.", "Some what small & narrow which I wasn't expecting but love the cushiones and the toe strap is soft & confortable", "I love these flip flops they are so comfy! I do wish they were a little wider as I have wide feet but besides that they are amazing :)", "I ordered these Nike sandals for my mom for mothers day and even paid extra to have them shipped faster but I got Under Armor brand sandals instead! Fortunetly my mom still likes Under Armor, so I wont be returning them considering Mothers day is this Sunday... Will not order from this seller again!! VERY irritated! When i order Nike sandals, I EXPECT Nike sandals!", "I get two pair at the beginning of the season every year.  I can walk for miles in them, they are that comfortable.", "These are the most comfortable sandals I've ever worn. The only problem is when you wash them, they lose the cushion that makes them so soft.  So, they are not good for anything near water. It ruins the comfort.", "I am very pleased with the cute pink thong.  I fit just as expected and they are so comfortable on my feet.  Will defintely buy again.", "I love the feel of these sandals but they don't fit. I always buy 8 1/2 B shoes but purchased 9 B because they are, after all, Nike sandals. Lengthwise they are the correct fit for my feet but width wise they are too small - my toes hang over the edge. I'm going to have to ship them back because they don't come in any other width. So sad...", "Nice shoe but wish I would have waited to buy,found them at several other places for $10 to $15 less,so overpriced.", "I wore these for the last three months of my pregnancy--almost exclusively. They were both the only thing that fit and exceedingly comfortable. I've also worn them walking around theme parks, so they hold up well to long periods of walking without blisters. For a flip flop, they provide plenty of support.", "I bought these after trying on my sister's pair. They are the best sandals I've had! The only thing is they're a little small, even for Nikes. I usually order a half size up in Nike shoes but probably could have gone a whole size. It wasn't so bad I need to return them, just have my toes right up to the edge.", "These are my everyday shoes.  I have all the colors.  They are very comfortable.  I highly recommend of shoes for comfort and style.", "Great comfy shoe, narrow fit but way too small! I ordered these for my mom who is a size 9. I tried them on myself and I am a size 7 and they fit me!", "These are the MOST COMFORTABLE flip flops I have ever worn.  In fact, I will wear nothing else since I've gotten used to them.", "Ok. this is the second year i've bought these awesome sandals but seriously. they run tiny.  Maybe its more narrow than anything but i wear a 9/9.5 and i had to get them in an ELEVEN.  My toes don't sit together when I walk, they kind of spread out i guess? but my little toe was just barely hanging on in the 10s.  Try them on or be prepared to return them if you buy true to size.  They are the most comfortable thong on the market, IMO. :)", "I get these every summer this was a little different style, but I like it and will live in them in the summer...when it comes.", "They are very smooth so they don't stay on my feet comfortably, however they are great for my back and glad I purchased them.", "If you want a COMFORTABLE and cute pair of flip flops this is it.  You won't want to ever go back to non-padded flip flops again.  I have a pair of these in every color they offer.  I bought a similar style from Under Armour, which cost more, but weren't nearly as comforatble.", "They fit perfect, just like I expected & so comfortable!  This is my second pair & I plan to buy more!!", "Buy them every year! Very comfortable! Great for someone like myself who needs the extra support for their ankle! Not walking on flat surfaces! Gives that extra cushion! Shipping was great!", "Runs a bit small. The satin finish makes it difficult to grip while walking. Overall it is a nice sandal.", "the color pink and black was a nice look for anyone who like pink. the feel of this sandal felt nice on my feet. I will be getting another pair for myself again in the same color if possible.", "I think the color is pretty however i would have selected a different color if i had known the color was such a bright orange, i was hoping for a more subdued orange, but still a nice comfortable shoe.", "Good quality and are very comfy sandals.  Ordered the pink color and it is very pretty, very happy with purchase.", "I love the Nike thong flip flops. This is actually my second pair. They have a memory foam that makes your feet feel good when you walk. I usually order these from Nike but I went with amazon and they are fast and have the same product at a lower price.", "I am on my fifth pair of these shoes. They are perfect. Comfortable for weekend wear, and I save the old pairs for around the house shoes.", "I have worn these before and am happy with the fit .They are super soft and comfortable..I wear them almost everywhere.", "I do like the sandal but one makes a noise, as if the inside is cracked. Not sure why but since I am on vacation  can not do anything now. One draw back about buying online you can not try them on. So I now have a noisy sandal.", "These are comfortable. I can't say they're super special and the fabric makes them prone to get filthy on the streets. Still I like the pillowy feeling.", "These thongs are comfortable & reaonably priced. I love these thongs! Im getting a pair in each color. The price is hard to pass up.", "Comfortable...while it lasts. The memory cushion wears out after 3 months of continuous use.  This product is ok, not the greatest.", "The fabric on the bottom wore out after a few times of use and they became very dirty. I tried to wash by hand and they never came clean and they fabric tore everywhere.They are great fitting and so comfortable but they need to use a better and more durable fabric on the bottom.", "I LOVE these shoes!!!  This is the 4th pair I have owned.  I buy a new pair every summer.  They are perfect for walking around anywhere.", "Very comfy but they don't look like your casual flip flops. they look too pretty and too dressy. They just don't mesh well with the sand and beach style. Too bad.", "These are my favorite sandals ever. I own 3 pairs in different colors. Very comfy, well made. I will buy these again.", "These sandels are super compy! I went shopping all day and my feet felt fabulous! I love them, I will be buying another pair!", "Love these flip flops...most comfortable sandal I have tried. Great quality and price. Highly recommend. I bought them in several colors.", "Love my Nike gels! I have three pairs now. White, gray and black.  Only thing I can wear after my back surgery.  They are so comfortable!", "the middle part of the shoe is narrow and the straps are uncomfortable.  I gave them to a friend who has very narrow feet,", "these are my go to shoes every day when I am outside .  They are so comfortable  and I love them!", "First let me say that I did not purchase this product through Amazon. I found them on sale at Shopko for less than I have seen them anywhere else. That aside, these thongs are the most comfortable I have ever owned. After reading through many of the reviews here, I was concerned that I might not get a good fit since several people complained about them running small. I usually wear an 8, but can sometimes wear a 7 1/2. However, rather than be disappointed in an online purchase, I decided to try them on before buying. I first tried an 8, which was comfortable and fit fairly well. I almost bought those, until I tried the 9. They were even more comfortable and gave me about an inch behind my heal and my toes in the right place. So I ended up buying the 9 and am very happy with them. Very, very comfortable....almost like wearing my most comfy slippers. The worse part was trying to decide what color I wanted....I wanted them all! I ended up with the brown ones since I live in the country and figured brown would hide the dirt better. I highly recommend these thongs.", "These are so comfortable and the pink is bright and attractive !  The cushion in the sole is a nice thing that you don't get in many sandals !", "I just love them they are so great the best Sandals I have ever had, will but another color when the price go down a little.", "I love these shoes, I have had one pair for two years and they're still going strong after being worn a lot. I've gotten four more pairs after the original, they are great for summer", "I'm a 25 year old female so I always buy youth Nike's. Fit as expected and arrived in a timely fashion. My only complaint would be that the tongue is really stiff because of the logo they put on it and sometimes while moving it cuts into my front ankle. You just have to adjust it", "This pair of air force 1 07 are hard to find.Good pair of sneakers to purchase.", "I had just purchased these nikey shoes (mine are navy blue) from a nikey shoe company at the mall and they are perfectly comfortable.The regular price was sixty eight bucks and I got mine for twentyfour bucks which is a worthy sweet deal.I don't like the new age todays nikey style shoes they made with all that graffiti sorta crap, I always go with classical nikey shoes at an affordable price.Highly recommended shoes (thirty bucks or less)", "This is a great addition to my already large selection of shoe. A bit on the pricey side but no regrets. It met all my expectations.", "I chose this rating because I am very pleased about the product. I like the shoes because they were given as a present to somebody especial for me. She was delighted with them.So, I recommend to make business with Amazon because this enterprise is very serious dealing with people.", "Love the shoes, simple black shoes that go with any workout outfit :] I Can't say anything bad about Nike.", "Lite, comfortable, stylish, love them. I'm getting one pair for my daughter, I'm looking for a color she would like.", "They were a tad bigger then I expected. I am a 6 1/2, and the reviews said to go a half size up so I got a 7. I still wear them and they are comfy just a little bit big. I suggest ordering your regular shoe size.", "They are really comfy and they are perfect for running. I use them every time I workout. I love these shoes.", "These shoes were a gift for my very picky niece. She loved these pair of Nike shoes. Comfortable + Fair Price.", "This is a great cross training shoe. This company is good to work with. My shoes arrived exactly when they said and in good order. I just don't know if I saved any money doing it this way.....", "I got them On timeAnd they fit perfectThank you very much i really aprecciate have a nice day", "These are so comfortable and roomy.Nice lightweight fit.Great color.Excellent for running.Love the way they feel.Would order again..", "These are great shoes. They fit exactly as though I had walked in the store and tried them on.  Very comfortable.", "very good product satisfied it was what I expected, I'll take into account another purchase thank you very much. bye", "Very comftarble! love the colors. Great for working out and just wearing on a daily basis. The quality is great!", "Love the color and the fit is true to size. Just enough support without them being too stiff. Gonna buy them in another color.", "I have been wearing Nike running shoes for close to 20 years. I have normally purchased the Initiator running shoe. I needed a pair of black shoes for work. I had bought a pair of black shoes from a local department store for work. I was finding that those shoes were making my feet hurt. While shopping on this site, I was not finding a style of black Nike running shoes that I really liked, so I settled on this shoe. Length wise the shoes fit just fine. However, they felt narrow when I put them on. I have never needed nor have I ever purchased a pair of Nike shoes in a wide size. Initially, the sides of my feet were feeling crowded and pinched.The toe box area has adequate room though. The shoes did feel like they stretched after a couple of hours of wearing them around the house. Even still I was finding that the arch support was not comfortable. It felt like it was too far back on my foot, almost to my heel. I was not sold on the over all style of the shoe. The tongue of the shoe is integrated into the rest of the shoe, there is some stitching to show that this is the tongue area. Over all, I did not like the look of the shoe. I also was not pleased with the fit of the shoe. I am returning these.", "This shoe fits perfect I am a 8.5 and ordered a 8.5  couldn't be better, it's light weight and comfortable did not regret buying it", "These shoes make 10 miles seem like 2. You will fly by in these. Love them to death and will buy more.", "It looks just like it shows in the pictures. I was hesitant at buying them at first because I wasn't sure of the shoe size. I got 6.5 and it fits great. It feels great to be running in these :D", "i like them ...the only thing i find is that it has a lot of give and sometimes i want more support for the front of my foot..but otherwise...good snearker", "It fits perfectly, it's light in weight and they are comfortable. They are defiantly worth the by thank you! :)", "They are gorgeous and fit perfectly!  Shipping time was crazy quick too!  I LOVE these shoes.  They are really light but have great arch support at the same time, which is kind of hard to find.", "Pleasantly surprised with the shoes comfort level & fit.  Love these shoes! Best purchase from Amazon.com yet. 5 stars. Awesome!", "I'm a beginning runner. I have been using my old Fila sneakers for walking/running and decided to finally jump at a pair of 'real' running shoes. This pair seemed reasonably priced and I really loved the bright pink color.As soon as I tried them on, I noticed the arch in the shoe. I was not really sure how I was going to like that. It seemed too firm. I wore them to work all day to help break them in. They felt really light.Saturday morning I decided to take them out for a spin. They still felt a little 'stiff' so I walked 5 miles to really break them in. I then was able to easily run 5 miles for the first time with very little aches the next day! I don't even notice the arch anymore, I'm sure I have been wearing cheap sneakers with no support. Boy, have I been missing out!Would definitely recommend and purchase these again!", "This is a very comfortable sneaker that fits true to size. Anyone looking for a comfortable running shoe should invest in these.", "Overall pleased with purchase. Fits well as ordered two sizes up due to experience with tight Nike shoes.Comfortable for walking on city streets for one to two miles easily. Didn't use these for running though.", "I love these shoes. Just what I was hoping for. Light and comfortable. Plus the company I ordered them from got them to me earlier than I had asked. Shoezoo....... you rock", "My mom loved them, the color is nice and bright. Hopefully they will still be comfortable in a few months when broken in.", "I have never been a fan of Nike, but I decided to buy these because a relative loved them so much. After putting my foot in them I realized I was just paying for the lable. They are not as comfortable as some of the cheaper shoes I have because the soles of the shoe are too thin.", "i love shoes!!! They are very comfortable and they came right on time and they look just like the pic. Thank you!!!", "I like it very much,and really worth to buy, but this is a gift for my friend. She will like it.", "These are really cute but  I found that they run very big.Other than that they were fine. (I hate that they make youwrite a certain amount of words in a review)", "I love these shoes. This is actually the 3rd pair I have purchased. They are a great cross training shoe. I would normally wear a size 10 but had to get a 9 1/2 in these shoes.", "Fit just as I expected.  I often have discomfort with new shoes.  These felt great and fit well.  Would get again.", "My daughter has Sever's Disease.  This shoe accommodates her orthotics well and she finds them very comfortable on her heels.  It is lightweight so if you are looking for a sturdy sole, then always go with Asics.  However, if you have orthotics, then this is not an issue.", "as soon as i put them on the nike logo in side faded away.they are Bootleg. they wore out faster than the nikes i buy off other retail stores", "I purchased this watch for my daughter's 17th birthday. She's very active in track and field. What a hit - she loves the watch and wears it all the time.  Very sleek design, accurate time and light weight. I purchased the gold color watch.  She's not easy to please, but is very satisfied. I've bought her watches in the past and they just sit in her jewelry box. Not this one! Great for a busy student on the go. Can't beat the price and shipping was very quick.", "I'm a new runner and really just wanted a water/sweat resistant watch to help with my timed runs.  This watch is not too heavy on my wrist, is easy to read (and I'm blind w/o my glasses), is good quality, and a great price.", "These sneakers fit well, but they squeak as you walk.  The sound is both embarrassing and irritating.  When I wear them I try to stand still.", "These are very pretty and comfortable shoes.  Just not what I expected.  Part of the leather is shiny patent leather, which I did not want, so I returned them.  Otherwise good shoes", "These sneakers are really nice. They look durable in both way as in the outsole as in the upper, and that is important when having kids. I hope to find in another big sizes to give it to my nephews.", "Cheaply made or bad design? The front of the toe is to thin for tennis and the stitched front seam split wide open! The same thing happened to another teammate of my son's tennis team who had the same shoe! The Women at Sport's Authority said they were having trouble with this particular style of tennis shoe and that is was a design flaw on Nike's part.", "My Grandson loves them.  This is his second pair of this type of boot.  Great for inclement weather.  Amazon had them at a good price.", "It is a great boot, except the outsole wear out too fastI have problem with my knee. I need to have air bubble Nike boot.", "This shoe is what it looks like, and appears to be fairly well constructed, regardless of its country of origin.  However, the height of the shoe is just-precisely wrong.  The top rubs against the ankle so that any active wear will cause blisters, sores, or broken skin.  Also, I've almost twisted my ankle a couple times: possibly this is a center-of-gravity issue for a shoe raised too high, or maybe I just need to get used to it.  I don't think I'd buy these shoes again.  I like the idea of an air-cushion for hiking that involves stepping and jumping from rock to rock, but the trade-off is a problem that will affect all hiking, and other activity too.", "Great fitting Quality item, cool and water resistant to 4&#34; no brake in needed they should last a long time.", "I work in a very hot climate. I love the look and feel of them. The real test wil be when temperatures spike over 100 degrees. They are super comfortable with orthotics as well. I wish Nike made a women's boot in this model. It ran true to size. I wear a 9 in ladies shoes and purchased a 7. So far... so good!", "Awesome shorts. Great fit and very comfortable. It is very breathable which I like. A bit on the expensive side tho", "The fit was good.... These shoes were even more comfortable than I expected them to be... Great purchase... I recommend them", "I like the front zipper but it does not fit snug enough around the bottom of the bra and I can't tighten it.  But it is so much easier to take off this bra with the front zipper after a workout so I definitely like it", "Looks great and fits like a glove. I love the front closing. So easy to put on and get off. Great colour.", "Great shoes!!! Beautiful, comfortable & get price. What else could you ask for. I'm a sneaker head, trust me!! Get a pair!!!!!!", "MY SON LOVES THESE  SHOES, THE COLORS ARE BRIGHT , ARE NICE AND FITS OK , WE ARE VERY HAPPY", "Bought these for my son for an indoor soccer program that was on a basketball gym floor.  He loved them, said they fit well.  He also had better grip than the kids who just wore regular gym shoes.", "Although this pair of souls are made to run, they also work very to walk in. The feel is snug and kind of stiff but gives me just enough flexibilityto wear throughout the day.", "Stable, comfortable and durable. Solid shoe for the price. If you're looking for a shoe that's geared toward cross training, you should consider this one.", "very very bad  i big zero i am disapointed normaly it must be correct the size are threre fake i think so", "I've had shox before and loved them. The style and colors of this pair were worth ordering to me. However I should have purchased at least a half size bigger than all my other athletic shoes. The have stretched some and are now able to be worn for some time during casual activities but I know they won't be used for anything athletic", "Trust me get One size bigger or at least half a size they look very sporty if u plan to stand for a long time may not be the shoe for u..... After I got mine had to break em in they are ment to fit and to run..... Just saying...... Very stylish have gotten positive comments", "The shoe was to small but my husband loved the shoe.he already wear the shoe, or else I would return for a bigger size.", "There great shoes but not the actual size they set out to be I order my size 8.5 but it seems in those shoes I need a bigger size", "Took me like three days to broke them in, and I got blisters! LOL! But after that I can run without them on, when I run I step hard, so this shoes really had help me a lot! Luv them!", "Great shoes, I have had other Shox but forgot that they run small. Order about 1/2 size bigger than normal.", "I love Nike Shox sneakers, they are very hard to find, but they are great for my needs.  I walk in them, run in them and every now and then, i wear them for the day, very comfortable.", "They were to large.  I am sending them back. I also received two pairs.  So I have to return both . Then try to find out if my card was charged twice.", "This is a comfortable shoe I really like the design of it it needs to be a little wider but it is worth the money I really like them", "They really fit Perfect, Quality is very good, as to be expected with Nike. Color is rich and classy and can be worn with jeans.", "Excellent shoes especially did the money.  They feel great on and look fantastic.  You will not be disappointed with this purcase", "I loved my pair, however, it is a little tight around my toes. I know they will be worn in though. Also, they look so cool!", "..get what ur size is.  i went 1/2 size bigger & wish i didn;t....otherwise, great shoes for decent price all things considered", "you have to buy a size bigger than you get your other shoes, other than that this is great looking, comfortable and stylish shoe.", "There are good I loved I bought two pairs of them and i love both pairs I might buy another pair soon", "Nice shoes are the only shoes i wear as far as running shoes go.  Like the eay they look and feel.", "I like them, But I was expecting them be awesome, I got size 11 but they were tight in the front.", "I have worn NIKE for more than half of my life and after 10 pairs, you'd think I would buy a half size larger than my typical shoe size on this particular purchase. After not having SHOX for 8 years and wanting to go back to them, I decided to get my real size to see if they would actually fit. They did not.... They are tight between the big ball and small ball of my feet-- the widest point of course. I can wear thin athletic socks with them at best for them to be comfortable enough as I try to work them in. The next purchase? Half size larger; I won't make that mistake again... So yes, typical NIKE mold... go a half-size larger and you will be golden. Other than that, I love the style, they look VERY well made, and the heel cups rather nicely just as I remember. I plan to buy more colors. They are very comfortable other than widest point.", "The shoes were exactly as we expected. The fit, color, quality are all at high ratings. I always lo e nike.", "Perfect product,  best relation between cost and quality.  Nice weight and you can shoot really nice and hard.  I hope they last at least 3 years.", "those where for my son  and he say &#34;are really nice ...size was perfect&#34;...color and all is okwe can buy this again", "These shoes are made very well, but are too small for my feet, ordered a 8.5 fit like a 7.5 . Ended up giving them to my son(instead of sending them back as i tried to break them in)they are very narrow!", "These are fantastic.  My daughter saw them online and I think they may have been from the fall of last year becasuse they were really hard to find but we were lucky to get them.  she loves them and I'm sure she will be putting them to good use at school this year.", "This is the second Nike Shox NZ that I buy and I couldn't be more satisfied about it. Not only the design is amazing in my opinion, but this shoes are very comfortable for walking/jogging and durable too.", "I'm an athletic person. I play a lot of soccer, volleyball, and tennis and I need a watch that doesn't have a watch band. In other words, the band can't be screwed in to the watch because few hits with a ball or few scrapes, or a dip in the pool, or a shower will damage the watch. I had G-Shock watches and a few different Nike models. I destroyed them all in about 6 month to a year. This one is on it's 2nd and still going strong. Since I had few Nike's before programming is all the same, and easy once you get the concept. Time, week day, and day number are clearly seen. When I travel T1 is my local time and T2 is the place I travel to. So would say it's the best watch I had so far. Too bad, Nike seem to stopped making them.", "This is an awesome watch.  Easy to read, and very user friendly. The instruction booklet that came with it was a bit confusing so I just started fiddling with the watch and figured it out very easily. Great size not to big or to small. My only issue was that the band is not flexible near the top of the watch but if you a person with smaller wrists this will be zero issue.", "Good style, easy to use. The wrist band is a little small but other than that I would highly recommend.", "I Love All the compliments I get where ever I travel, very good attention getters! I will be getting another pair as soon as I can of the same style and color! ! !", "My son loves them . We had gone to several different stores looking for his size. Never again! Amazon is my go to from now on.", "This is a good one.  Look so beautiful. I like it. And this one feel so good!laugh out  loud. goodj", "yes, it is very fit for me, thanks for your hard work, like it, buy it next time again. perfect", "this is SO sleek looking and awesome. my girls LOVE this shoe.. Everyone on their team ask where they got it, and want to match. Such vibrant colors, and just a darling shoe.. No complaints here! Great shoe", "I wear these to run and to workout at the gym. They're very comfortable and lightweight. My only problem is that the elastic area that grabs my ankles, grabs a bit too tightly. I don't notice it much during my workout, but right afterwards it's hard to ignore. I usually end up slipping them off to get relief.", "Very very comfortable shoe.  The grey is fabric so does get dirty, but also makes it feel like I am wearing slippers.  Not a bad trade-off.  Just don't wear them around on wet, rainy days.", "Great shoes but lasted only a few months before they lost their air and made me walk funny since I technically had a flat.", "Nike Air Max+ is a terrible design ... It looks good yet what good is this shoe if the air escapes in just 40 days of use. I had one from the 2011 as well which had similar fate. I thought they might have improved the design for this not to deflate like this but it does.Highly avoidable ... you can get 2 pairs of shoes for this kind of price.", "todo llego bien y r&aacute;pido en perfectas condiciones me gustaron mucho son de buena calidad y muy bonitos y aqui estan de moda", "Cute style, fits true to size and very comfy.  Haven't tried them on the course yet.  Hoping they'll improve my game : )", "These are well made and sharp looking boots. The burgundy does stand out which cold be a plus to some. Husband says they are very comfortable. Likes them more than his uggs but come on Nike stands to its name!", "I  ordered Brown you sent me green?  IF I get past the color! it will be ok.. If I can talk to someone it would have been better???", "Very comfortable right out of the box. I am been doing yard work and walking around my acreage all day without a single sore spot. Breathable and cool. Quiet. Doesn't seem to pick up gravel (I have a 1/2 mile long gravel driveway). I would buy these for working around the house or hiking in or both (and I do LOTS of both)! Excellent shoe!", "Love the color the fit . Good going business with this company Boot looks great everyone that saw the boot feels the same way", "My hubby birthday was coming up at the end of April, his only wish was to get these Nike Bo Jackson shoes. I looked every were, and even online, but could not find this color in his size. Finally I went to Amazon and they had 2 pairs listed in his size. His party was Saturday and I ordered the shoes from this retailer on Wednesday night. They stated they should be here by Monday, I'm like oh no I need these by Saturday. The shoes ended up coming on Friday afternoon. Super fast shipping, shoes look great, and he was happy! Thank you for helping me give him the gift he wanted, early", "Awesome pair of kicks. Nice color and very comfortable to wear. Feels like it has been broken in already. If the Bo Jackson breaking bats is available I would buy that as well.", "My Boyfriend Loved Them, They Arrived Earlier Then Expected Fit Was Perfect, Thinking About Ordering Another Pair For Fathers Day Can't Wait To See The Smile On His Face This Time!! Priceless!:-)", "My sneakers arrived before the estimated date. Everything was in tact and was exactly as I expected! I'm very excited about these because I wanted a pair since I was a kid. Still stylish and very Fresh! Definitely going to be an eye catcher when I step out in them and a great addition to my sneaker family.", "This is the sneaker I was waiting for. Feels great and looks even better. One of the best purchases I've made in months!", "THE SNEAKER FITS A LITTLE BIG. ITS GREAT FOR SOMEONE WITH A WIDE FOOT AS WELL. THEY ARE VERY NICE AND THE FIT IS OK", "Very comfy shoes with nice colors, where the every day if i can, would not heditate to buy another pair just a like", "I really like these shoes. I was kind of freaked out by the fact that they are plastic and not cloth material at first. But they are wondeful, great arch support and the size was perfect.", "These are the most comfortable pair of Nike's that I have ever owned.  They are so light yet sturdy I could wear them all day. I also get many complements on them.", "I like the shoes and they fit very well. The colors are nice to. Only reason I gave 4 stars because it took a long time for shipping. I contacted the shipper and they responded in a timely matter but it took 4 days longer then the original date. Other then that shoes look and fit great.", "I wore this pair of boots for the first 3 years I moved to WI from TX and they kept my feet warm and dry- even through slushy snow. Also they are very cute and feel like a sneaker. Finally the plastic that holds them up broke and went through the fabric and cut up my ankle. But I'd say I got my money's worth. Would buy another pair if I wasn't moving back to TX. They were wonderful while they lasted. Usually wear a 7 1/2 but got an 8 and they fit like a charm even with wool socks. I highly recommend.", "im very good for nike pro hyperstrng compression short is a great product but it was not what I wanted but still recommend 100%", "I bought these for my boyfriend and he loved them! They are very light not heavy like a normal boot. And u still get the look. The packaging and shipping was great too! Very satisfied :)", "These shoes are very nice!  The problem is that there are only  7 1/2  and my number is 8 so unfortunately have to return :-(", "Quick delivery.Fits as expected.Great price.They are wearing quite well.Getting a lot of use and complements on the color!", "I paid for expedited shipping for this product & it arrived even faster than expected!  Shoes looked great and fit well.", "These shoes are not exactly trendy, but they are durable (3rd yr.) supportive and waterproof.  As good as dry joys which I usually buy.", "Tsia, I never got an email explaining why or possibilities why it hasn't/never got to me.  Status of the item said it was out of the seller's hand, but this is my first purchase on amazon in 3 years.  If all of this is on Amazon's end, sorry about the review.  But I can't be blamed for feeling this way since I ordered this a month ago and got no explanation of what's going on.  If I actually get my item and there's a way to change the review, I'd be glad to.", "Great material, excellent fit. a bit on the pricier side. had to wait to buy it when the price dropped.", "I expected these shorts to be for running use but found they are more knee length and akin to basketball or other sports.The waist elastic is a little tight for me (34&#34;) which is unusual. Otherwise they are comfortable enough to use for general use; just not running.", "Bought these for my son who is on the track team.  Great price and value...saved around $20 over local brand name store purchase.", "This thing looks like a carbon fiber BOOT. Love the look of it, and I get lotta compliments when I step on the court. In use, the shoe is average in weight, and it takes some breaking-in. Out of the box, it's really stiff and actually chafes the back of my leg (the tender area where the pull-up loop is located). Ultimately, traction is good, and there's good ankle support, but the fit is a little narrow for my taste. I wear 10.5 for most Nikes and that's what I ordered here. Maybe order half a size up if you have wider feet.", "These shoes fit and look great, the top is a little shiny looking like carbon fiber. Good for sport or to go to the mall.", "This bag is great!  It is sturdy and spacious.  I especially love all the different pockets and sections.", "Great gym bag. Large and spacious for size and fits perfectly in locker. Strong yet light weight nylon. I like the separate side compartment for gym clothes. Would have been nice to have extra pockets for keys, wallet, coins etc.", "This is a great , high quality bag I'm very satisfied with it!!! I reccomed this bag to all athletes", "I was looking for a bag that would hold my 7 year old sons soccer items. We tote a Soccer ball, cleats, extra outfits, shin guards, water bottles and more in this bag. Its perfect and just what I was looking for. We've only had it for about a month but it seems very durable. This is the perfect bag for my son and I recommend it!", "I usually wear 9.5 in other shoes, sometimes 10s. All the reviews I read said that they run small so I got a 10. Way too small. Got a 10.5 - the length was about right but they were so tight in the front foot I couldn't wear them. Opted for an 11 - felt like I was wearing swim fins during my workout and had to lace them up tight just to keep them from slipping off.Went back to my old, worn out Asics for my workouts. Next time I'll go into the store to try on shoes. Maybe I'm just not for Nike? Try them for yourself but make sure you try them on before, or be sure of the return policy.", "Very disappointing from the seller. I received one shoe in yellow color and the other was orange. I would have returned the shoes but unfortunately for me, I shipped it to the UAE. To return it, it will cost me the shoes total cost in shipping back and forth.I am extremely dissatisfied with the seller \"kicksftw\".I hope I receive some sort of compensation for my loss. The shoes is going to the garbage because it is unwearable.", "I love shoxs in general, but I really like the orange color on this pair.  I normally wear an 8 but I had to get an 8.5 to fit me comfortably because they seem to be narrow, but other than that I love the shoe!", "Is a good skate shoe, shipping a tad slow. But I am in Hawaii\"Aloha\"", "I purchase these for my son  he love them so much he hardly wears them .  I think i will be buying more since he isgrowing  at such fast pace.", "We bought these shoes for our 17 year-old grandaughter and she has now decided that she is only going to wear Nikes! The shoe is much nicer looking than the photo, the colour is better and brighter,she says they are really comfy and you can't beat the price! Great shoe!", "Somewhat narrow, still an excellent shoe.  This is my second pair, the first pair was a perfect fit.  Good work shoe.", "its very nice a pair a shoes, confortable, kiut and more, i am very happy with it, just in time, best performance, every thing its perfect", "I love the shoes, they are comfortable. I wish they had my size in gray/black color though. Totally will recommend it to my friends, perfect for running and just working out.", "Purchased for hashing and hiking. Will recommend getting a half size bigger for off-road use. Great for trails, dirt, rocks and mud. Too new to comment on durability. Oh yeah \"looks great\".", "Beautiful shoes but thin soled so it hurts if you jump from a high place.The colors are also very nice.", "it is very well made and a great fit, I have had a few nike in the past few years but this one is very very well made.", "i needed to find a certen color shoe for work and had been looking for a while. These were the type of shoe I needed and for a good price,", "If you're considering ordering this item, I would definitely go with either a half or a full size over what you were considering, as they were very tight upon arrival!  A week or so of wearing them has not cause them to open up considerably, but they aren't cutting off circulation anymore, ha ha.  A good buy nonetheless.", "shipment free and on time!awesome shoes! fit well, look so cool and feel so good! plus a great price!!totally love them:)", "It's so hard to find a shoe that has the color's that i love for a decent price!! 10/10 would recommend", "It is very simple n comfy. I Bought it for my boyfriend birthday n he really likes it. Very satisfied", "My husband wore to disneyland he absolutely loved color and thought they were very comfy. We will buy more soon !", "This shoe was great after about a week for the first few days they really cut into my ankle but now there FANTASTIC", "It fits well as expected.It looks really nice and comfortable to wear.Overall, i love my new KDVI. 2 Thumbs up!", "Shoes are just as expected fit and look great. I have had slot if complements with these shoes. I would order shoes like this again.", "I got these shoes for my son he loves them color is great I can't wait to order next item.", "Kd is the most Comfortable shoes i like it so much and the color of the shoes is nice .", "the shoe is great. nice fit. weighs nice on my fit. cant complain. i more use it when im going up and about around town.", "Just as expected! Great color, looks awesome, can't wait to try it. Let's see how it feels on court, can't wait!", "I bought my little brother and I both a pair...and they look awesome such bright colors so they definitely stand out with any outfit", "At first I got some nike air force 1 in orange and I loved the colour and the shoe, so I decided to get the same ones in green and I LOVE IT! they are so pretty and very comfortable. Also the material is very resistant which makes it very durable.", "I bought these for Zumba. They have the right circular sole and have amazing arch support. In fact, if you are not ready for that amount of support, plan to tape your foot the first few times you wear them until they loosen up a bit(or you'll have some gnarly blisters...). Stiff at first... amazing after. LOVE these shoes. I do wish, however, that they were in more bold colors. The light blue is not normally a color I wear, but I make it work...", "I ordered these last week, and was very surprised to have received them in less than 7 days! Also, the box was in perfect condition, and the sneakers where exactly what i expected. I got a size 4 and it fits perfect. ! :)", "I really liked them they fit well and feel great on the foot. I like the poly spikes them come with. The only nich is tying the shoes is interesting with the lace cover... over all great cleet.", "I returned the 1st since it is too small for my feet. my feet is about 28cm ,I choose the 10.5 size. Later,I found it was too too small,even I can't put my feet in.So I changed 11.5 instead and seller cost me $5 for shipping.The new one looks good and EZ 2 sprint.The only 2 problems:1.The needle at the bottom is EZ to loose,I almost need to tighten it everytime after games.2.The back of the bowel is to high ,since the material is artificial Leather,it is tend to hurt at the back of my ankle,so It is a good idea to buy a thick soccer sock.", "Great shoes with amazing comfort and stability as I run 50 miles a week. The seller had quick shipping and no hassles. Easy transaction.", "The most comfortable flip flops I ever owned period, they wear out on average but overall just great product, would recommend to anyone looking for a total casual flip flops especially when you get a little wet...", "I bought these sandals last year and I didn't bother to find out whether they were for men or women. I just know that when I tried them on it was  heaven on my feet. I wore them to death last summer and I am going for round two. They feel so awesome and I would not wear any others as long as I can find these. They are still as comfortable as when I first bought them. The best universal sandal ever.", "Bought a pair of these 2 years ago.  Just bought three more since they are hard to find. The new pairs were made in China.  The old pair were made in Vietnam.  Both are size 11M.  The Chinese pair is about 1/2 size smaller than the ones made in Vietnam.", "got the item in about a week( would of been here eariler, but a snowstorm came about) but great service, great shipping, great seller", "I've been looking for these everywhere!  Fast shipping and GREAT product..  I've ordered multiple kicks from here and they never disappoint.", "The area around the toe is a little tight.  The patent leather doesn't have any give.  Better get a size bigger.", "Item was great except for the paper inside the box was destroyed & the grey 11 plastic cover was cracked! I don't know how such a thing could happen other than the people not taking care of em. Shoes are icy and it was a good cop", "I love these shoes, the best Retro 11's. 110% authentic, couldnt be more happy with the services you guys provided.", "These are fake as hell no one should buy these just look at closely if your not convinced got to Nike.com/jumpman", "Love the kicks. They look nice but had very minor defects on the side of my bred 11s. I saw a few red paint stains on the white part of the shoe.", "The Concord XI is one of the greatest Jordan sneaker designs ever created. A must have for any sneakerhead to add to your collection.", "Thanks this was the first thing I order off here I think and would say this is the best thing I got ever from offline", "Hello, I need to complete my order,because i receive the product but i don't believe my credit card clear,So i need to finish paying for my order,Can you tell how to finish my order,Please. Henry", "So happy with my purchase, finally able to have my favorite J's of all time. Won't be for daily use that's for sure.", "OMG, THIS SHOE IS EVERYTHING THAT I EXPECTED!  THIS IS MY FIRST PAIR OF JORDANS AND I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  AT FIRST I THOUGHT THAT THE PRICE WAS A BIT HIGH, BUT ITS WORTH EVERY PENNY!  I AM HAPPY THAT I MADE THIS INVESTMENT.  AFTER BUYING THESE, I THINK I WILL BECOME A JORDAN'S FANATIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "i liked it; it fitted perfectly,  Also the quality is just like what I expected. I would highly recommend ordering from this site to a friend.", "This was the retro I had been waiting to get and finally got it. The fav in my collection. Great fit and comfort! Super nice!", "Everything is 100%  authentic like it said it will be. I don't know why people are getting fake shoes? I did me research online and compare the difference between authentic and replicas. I like my gamma blues. I'm happy for what I pay for!", "Great shoe....over priced but next to impossible to get a pair at a regular price these days. Product looks and feels great.", "The shoes were in the box brand new as promised.They arrived very fast. We took them to our local footlocker to see if they were authentic and they verified that they are in fact the real deal. So my son was very happy and so was I. I paid a nice price for them, But seeing the joy on my son's face when he saw that I did in fact get them without fighting in the lines for them made it all worth the money. IT WAS WELL WORTH IT...", "Beautiful shoe, not much more to say. Flawless as expected and couldn't have asked for it quicker. Now I need those gamma blues lol", "I got my shows in good condition and I was pleased that I got the item I order. Also they're real Jordans. But the only disappointment was that the box had a hole in it. But it may have been caused by those who shipped. Other than that. I appreciate their ability to get what I order and get my order to me in a reasonable time.", "Very pleased with my 11's. These kicks are so iconic that when you wear them you already know people are looking!!!", "Sneakers look great. But something very suspect with box.  The label is totally wrong.", "When i received the sneakers. They are as perfect as ever but as i started to examine them, i noticed that in the toe, there was a color mix  between the outsole of the sneaker and the toe cap (there was some black on the white). I assumed that they were fake but I studied and saw that the sneakers are indeed real but the pairs being sold here are made at Nike Factories but made without Nike's consent. So they are basically 1/2 real in a sense. So if youre looking for the real thing. You won't find it here.", "I recently purchased a pair of Jordan 11 gamma blue from JM sneakers. Expecting to get the item listed as 100% authentic but instead got a b grade pair. The carbon fiber in the sole looks like a painted on checkered chess board that was not actual carbon fiber. The 23 stitching on the back is rough and uneven, the inserts were mangled and not properly fitted for the size of shoe, no original box or tags were included, among other flaws. I am extremely disappointed for the price I paid ($400) for shoes that where a replicated version of what I was led to believe was the real deal. I feel taken advantage of by this order. It is very unprofessional to state something is authentic and deceive your customers by selling them triple priced fakes.", "The shoes are great, exactly as ordered but the postal charges from the US to Australia are much more expensive than from Europe.", "My oldest grandson loved them. That is saying alot, cause he is a fashion guro!!! lol Thank you very much...", "I love this shoe.  I bought 4 pair before they got scarce, now I scour auction sites to pick up whatever I can find.  In this design the tongue and upper foot all one piece.  I like it because their is no tongue to mess with.  In hot climates it breathes really well, and it's really light.  If you made me say one bad thing about this shoe the only thing I could come up with is the slots in the soles sometimes pick up gravel that you have to pick out.  I've had Nike shows that I have had to buy +1 size to fit; these fit as marked.  If you are a size 11.5, and you wear these without socks, you are not going to have a lot of room at your toes.  Buy a half size bigger if you are going to climb up and down trails.", "Probably the best gym shoe I've had in a while. Amazingly comfortable. If you've never worn 'barefoot' shoes before, work your way in to them- trust me, it's worth it.", "Looked to replace a nike style from last year, these fit exactly what I was looking for. Super lightweight, good grip and allows my feet to breathe. Only complaint is the all black I got isn't as dark as I'd like, the black almost looks a little sunfaded. I'll get over it.", "Comfy, good-looking, fit nicely... recommended! They are just what I was looking for. Not bulky and very easy to wear.", "Definitely the most uncomfortable nike shoes I have ever owned.  I ended up donating these shoes to goodwill after using them for about a month. They really started hurting my feet. I gave them one star because they are actually cute.", "The shoes were easy to order and were exactly what she wanted.  She needed them for her job and was delighted with them", "Light weight,comfortable, well fitting. The technology of light weight shoe does make a difference while running or exercising.My wife got It  for her. I am thinking of getting a pair for myself.", "These shoes are simply marvelous tell my teenagers who have had them for games and sports.Suit very well too as hiking.", "After starting the Insanity workout program my feet hurt a bit.  I was wearing running shoes so researched cross trainers and found these.  I was not disappointed!  This is a great shoe for all the jumping and side-to-side movements.  No more foot pain and enjoying my workouts!", "This is my third time getting the free run tr and I love them! Love how flexible and light they are makes my run super smooth", "love the shoes I use them everyday at the gym and they never hurt me anywhere and the color is just amazing", "Love this sneaker !!! Best buy . True to size and light weight, better priced then bloomingdales !!! Get many compliments on them :)", "Not for those with wide feet or high instep. It took awhile to break them in, but I love them!", "These shoes are so awesome. Very light and flexible. Extra padding all over and very breathable. Best shoes I've ever owned.", "Minimalist shoe.  Im using for working out.  I would need something with a bit more support for walking around a lot, but LOVE them for lateral movements.", "Because they are exactly what I thought they would be! They are great shoes. Go buy a pair today! Go", "I bought these shoes as I am starting to work out again and have insantiy as a goal. I did not want a heavy shoe but neeeded support as I am having trouble with my knees. An old pair of cross trainers I had did not offer me that and I thought my knees would give out. I love these shoes! I had been watching them and when I was given an amazon gift card, they came on sale and I was willing to pay - they are the best purchase I have made for myself in a long time. I don't really care for the color - I would rather have had the black/pink pair but I wasn't willing to pay more just for the color. At least these shoes aren't the orange ones as I care for those even less. I highly recommend these shoes but do order the 1/2 size bigger then you normally war.", "I love these shoes..I was on the lookout for lightweight shoes for my GRIT and Crossfit training and came across these. They arrived on time and I tested them today. They fit perfectly, love the color and the training was great with them. My feet felt light, the grip was amazing on the floor and the support was firm/ great. I would definitely recommend these if you are looking for shoes for high intensive interval training.", "I'm big into lifting weights/sprinting/cross training. I wouldn't use these for long distance running, but for gym style workouts they're awesome.", "I bought this shoes for my wife and she is fallen in love with this shoes. It's very comfortable and looks so cool.", "I usually wear 9M, but this one 9B was supposed to be the perfect size. But it's really small and with socks, they're really tight. if someone is buying those, take a wider size han the one you wear regularly.", "Good, the size is perfect. Looks large at the toes but they look good ! I am entirely satisfied .", "Nike Free 5.0 Tr Fit 4 is a good training shoe, nice colors. Cushioning is reasonable for training. Flexible which gives freedom to move", "The training shoes are light and flexible with vertical support.  Great for just walking or boot camp.  These are my 5th pair.  I love them.", "great shoes! i was actually replacing a pair already owned. super light, supportive, and comfy. would highly reccomend to anyone.", "But way too small. At least a 1/2 too small. It with regret that I am returning them. I am a 91/2 to 10 in street shoes but my toes were touching the end of the sneakers.", "I've worn Nike Frees before - always in this size - but these felt a bit too big and a bit too stiff on my feet. I returned 'em. I would have ordered a half size smaller, but I didn't like them much. Colors are cool, though.", "Narrow fora medium width.Older versions of Nike Free fit better! Material is stiffer also and not as comfortable as other models.", "Feels like feathers on your feet. The color is very fashionable; I can wear them when working out or just bouncing around town.", "I initially ordered the black and white, but then i requested a switch to plain black and it is beautiful. The fit is snug and perfect, the shoe is very slender and fits cute. It has a lot of support and it fits so neat, i ordered my exact shoe size and it fits so great and still has room for movement. I recommend ordering your exact size. The shipping time was good, no delays, nothing. I love it. thanks.", "LOVE them!!!!! They fit perfect! Excellent for working out or just to wear in general. I could not be happier!", "Love this line.  I think I am a 10.5  but these work ok.  I really love to work out in them.  Size up to wear socks because they do get a bit sweaty.", "I already said very sad. Love niki. They goofed this time. Worn two pairs. Had to give both to a lady who wears a 6-1/2. Not fair. Almost 200.00 and now I need to save for two more pairsI gave both pairs to a friend who wears 6 1/2 niki and they fit her perfect.  I wish niki could see fit to sendMe two more pair size 7 1/2. But I know I'm dreaming.", "I walk a lot. This shoe does not give me the cushion I need when I go for long walks on asphalt.", "I've bought several pair of shoes over the last month because my job keeps me on my tors so to speak these were another good find I love the look and comfort of these.", "Shoe works great during the workouts and look great too! Love them! And they didn't take long to break in.", "very lightweight.  I have worn them indoors only at work and inside doing cardio/workout program.  I work 12 1/2 - 13 hrs on my feet and these are wonderful.", "I tried on the shoe and it was very tight, I ordered a size 9USA which is my normal size. My daughter that wears a size 8USA tired it on and it fit her perfectly.  So needless to say they have to go back! But really liked the shoe stlye.", "Absolutely love these shoes! They are comfortable and ridiculously cute! The black on black was sold out EVERYWHERE so i was so happy to find them here and less expensive than anywhere else as well!", "These were OK but are very wide around the toes . I needed something a bit tighter. Really liked the style though", "I am a waitress and found these shoes comfy and with support for all day wear.my kids 're in retail and on their feet all day and don't wear anything else!!", "These shoes are exactly how I expected. Light weight, flexible, supportive and comfortable. They run a little tight but I have narrow feet so it isn't a problem. Color is vibrant and handsome. I wear them for all my gym activities. 4 stars for how tight they are and lack of arch support, but I have yet to fully break them in.", "I love these shoes. I've seen everyone and their Mama wearing them so I thought I'd give it a shot. Truth be told, I had previously purchased another pair of Nikes that weren't in the Free 5.0 line up because I didn't want to spend $100 on some shoes. My other Nikes were $50 and they were definitely not in the same caliber as these. The fit fits my somewhat wider feet very comfortably and the lightness and the way it allows you to move freely is just incredible. Definitely worth every penny! BTW...I wore these for the first time the day of a huge move and I walked over 8 miles (says my FitBit) and I didn't feel one sore from breaking it in this way.", "It is very comfortable n beautiful. Im really happy having it. I loved its mixed colors and shape. Do it ;)", "My son wanted these shoes for Christmas, so i told him to check Amazon, the shoes were $60.00 cheaper on Amazon than they were every where else. He has no complaints.", "My son wants to wear them with everything!!!! Very comfortable for him and I love NIKE. I ordered a 5-1/2 for him and they fit him great. I like that they clean very easily as well.", "works good, and great once you calibrate it. I use it when I run with out my music(itouch), like when it's raining or when I run on my lunch break. Easy to use and I hardly notice it's there while I'm running, unless I want to know some info from it and then it's right there. Pretty simple and short instructions also, as long as you actually read them, then you will be less aggravated by not knowing how to work it like I was the first time I used it(unsuccessfully). After the run it's very simple to upload the info on the computer too if you want too. I have it set up so it automatically posts my run distance to facebook so I can sort of compete with a old buddy of mine.", "Not accurate, slow, grueling, imasculating, and a overall waste of my time. While I appreciate the technology and the idea of the product, it is just a few years short of being user friendly and accurate.", "The only downside to this is the accuracy of the sensor. I calibrated it two different times on a treadmill, and both times it came up with less than what the treadmill said I ran, but, the second time was closer that the first, so it make take a few times. I do like that i can scroll through distance, pace and chrono, and that it keeps tally of miles for the current week, as well as total miles while using the sport band. I do like it, and find it helpful and would recommend it to anyone not having the newest ipod.", "I lost alot of weight and decided to take up running.  This little device helped motivate me to run farther.  One thing I was worried about at first was that my running shoes (also nike) didn't have the little nike plus insert in them.  Online I found a little holder that tied into my laces so that I could use this watch with my favorite running shoes no matter what brand they were.  It tracks calories, time, and distance.  Also, you can log into nike's site and it can track your runs, and you can join different activities.  I joined groups like 30 miles in 30 days or 365 miles in 365 days.  Every time you logged in it would track your runs and load them into your profile so that you wcould see you were closer to that goal.  It also has the capability to sync your runs to your facebook page.  This feature kept me running.  Sometimes if I had a crappy day and didn't feel like running I would start my nike+ watch then think forget this I'm stopping or I'm not running anymore I'm just gonna walk. I would remember the next time I logged it it would say Tera's last run was .10 miles or Tera's last run was 2 miles and took 35 minutes.  I didn't want the whole world to see when I was lazy and slacking, so in the end I would suck it up and run anyways knowing my nike+ watch would tell on me if I didn't.  As for its accuracy, if I was on a marked trail or a track nike+ was about spot on.  On treadmills, this watch always took longer to read a mile than the actual machines.  Usually about .07 of a mile off or so.", "I recieved the shoes in a timely manner and my son loves them. I will order anytime with this company they were alsome", "no more stinging eyes from perspiration. stylish to boot. thinking of ordering more in different colors. not only keeps me cool, but look cool as well.", "Captures so much more sweat compared to other headbands.  This one is worth the money for the extra thickness.  Will need washed each and every time.", "Since when have you ever known one size to fit all?If it's not elastic or expandable, don't say ONE SIZE.Say one size fits MOST...", "Weather problems evidently ruined the shoes before they ever got here!  The company emailed me right away to let me know what happened and credited my account.  They were very prompt and very courteous.  Much appreciated.  Disappointing to lose the shoes but c'est la vie!  Mother Nature had other ideas!", "This product was excellent.  The workmanship great, the sneaks are soft and flexible and overall very comfortable.  My son loves them.", "The width is very tight. Order a size high........otherwise their ok. They have a nice &#34;spring&#34; to them. But they're not very comfortable even after returning my first pair to get a bigger pair.", "I was afraid that these wouldn't be the real thing, but after doing some research I found out that they were and now I don't feel like a poser. They were a bit expensive but at least they are real.", "I purchased these shoes at the local mall.  They are true to size and after a week or so of wearing they are very comfortable.  I have higher than normal arches and have a difficult time finding shoes that I can stand in all day comfortably.  I bought these shoes more for looks than anything and was pleasantly surprised at how comfortable they were after the initial break in.  I plan to order more through Amazon now that I know what size I wear in this style.", "These shoes will survive a full year of first grade.  they go to p.e once a week and then basketball practice on Tuesday and Thursday, so they have been used and abused.  The laces are too short for kids who are just learning or getting good at learning to tie there own  shoes.So I recommend buying longer laces. they are true to size and love very sporty.  My sons loves them.", "My son is hard to fit, but Nike it pretty reliable for him.  These go up higher on the ankle than his last pair. His calves are too thick for the velcro strap to close nicely, but it does close. He really likes them because the orange color is the texture of a real basketball.  They need some breaking-in, something I heard sneakers should not need, but we are pleased with the purchase. If you are looking for the *perfect* sneakers to fit a kid with Fred Flintstone feet, you *might* want to keep looking.", "These shoes are made for walking !They are the coolest Nike's I have ever had.", "Great product! Bought a black one before and was impressed so decided to buy the black/red for my big bro in his birthday and he was over the moon. They are great value for money, can be confused with the raptors a bit, 100% authentic since I'm a jordan fan since an early age. Thank you!P.S I advise u get a 0.5 larger and I did this timeP.S for the Supplier: I ordered size 11 and got size 11.5 I won't return though bt be careful :)", "i bought this shoe for my son.  he thinks it's a beautiful shoe.  he says that they hurt after about an hour of wear so he doesn't wear them when he's going to be on his feet long.  this shoe is definitly just for show.", "I love them! I am a size 5 for woman. They fit good, except that I have wide foot. I will go with 4.5  ( kids size) on my next pair", "Sorry did not like these . My son said they look very cheap. and not very comfort, wouldn't ever buy again", "Love this shoe. I purchased it for my daughter and am actually looking for a pair for myself. The reason I gave it 4 stars is because it runs small (about 1 to 1.5 sizes too small).", "I loved the style of the shoe, but wasn't able to find it in stores. But, I realized once I received it that they run about a half size too small. Otherwise a great quality product.", "I purchased these for my grandson but they did not fit him properly so i returned them to the vendor.", "They are comfortable and grip well.  If you are expecting spikes of old, well this is not it.  But they are the best gripping soft spike I have ever owned.The are also really comfortable.", "I rate these cleats 4 out of 5 stars. Love the comfort but the picture looks MUCH better than the cleats actually do in person. They are VERY waterproof and have held up quite well for the 6 or 7 rounds I have played so far. I changed the shoe laces in them and they look much better with black or silver. Overall the price was about right at the $50 price point and I am satisfied with my purchase.", "Not only did these stylish, comfortable shoes receive compliments, but they arrived days before I expected. Now, I  just need my game to look as good as the shoes! Great seller!", "Although I ordered my normal size (xl) I was not able to wiggle into this bra. I have a bad shoulder and really suffered trying to get it on  I returned it to Nike", "I wear a DD cup and this bra is very comfortable. It is great to wear \"around the house\", or for light workouts.  I liked it so much,  I think I'll order another.", "The bra was ok. It however, did not provide the level of support I was expecting, especially for jogging.Perhaps, if one wears two of the bras at a time - it would provide the needed support.", "it's perfect  !  It's just a tiny bit smaller than expected but still fits and is very  comfortable. I like this sports bra a lot", "This bra did its job. It wicked away sweat and it kept cool. However, the was a pointy spot in the bra that was digging into my skin at the neck area. Yet, I chose the size that was perfect for me and it had great support.", "well there must be something wrong with the designing - the size is way larger than it should be, okay???i gave it to my friend who wears one size larger than me, and it didn't even fit her ! runs tooooo big", "I love the comfort of this bra, this bra is cute alone for running or very comfortable under tops. very nice.", "My daughter is involved in all star cheer and she lives in Nike Pro's.  She needed a black one and I was having a hard time finding her size in stores so I checked Amazon.  If you're looking for Nike Pro's, you know what you're looking for and this will not disappoint.", "Have tried other brands of sports bras but always felt &#34;squished&#34;.  Not so with this one.  It's very comfortable while being supportive at same time.", "My daughter is very particular about most things and she liked this. It fit nicely and doesn't move. She was happy with it.", "Great experience with this seller. As everybody says in its reviews, choose one size more than you normally be. Go ahead if is what you are looking for.", "I'm a medium & did run too small, should've purchased a large. But I did like the material, will be exchanging.", "I exercise quite heavily and this bra holds my chest in place very well also it keeps dry. Another thing; I wash this bra everyday and it doesn't lose it shape or color.They're quite expensive but theyre worth it.", "Perfect! It came quick and fits great! This brand is a little tighter so if you don't own any nike pro sports bras, then maybe try one on at a store and then order.", "Another quality product from Nike...great support and quality material.  Fits very well and doesn't &#34;ride up&#34;.  Will definately be purchasing another!", "Just what I was looking for but couldn't find locally in my size.  This Sports Bra stays put...the breast band doesn't ride or roll up and the fabric breathes nicely, wicking away any moisture.  Very comfortable too.  I'm a 38D and the XL fit perfectly.", "The bra works great.  It is a little tight which is stated in the reviews.  The dry fit is amazing for working out.  Overall I would recommend it.", "It fits and comfortable. I like the fabric and it is good in my sport class. I would enjoy the sport more.", "Love it love it love it. This is the only kind of bra I wear to run of do any sports.", "shoes were in perfect condition. love them! where them all the time and everyone compliments me on them. so glad i bought them!", "I work out in the gym and go jogging from time to time and need a sturdy sport sneaker.  This sneaker is it.  This is my 3rd pair over the years and I am never disappointed.  The cushioning is just right on the bottom and the sides which makes it shock absorbant.  Very comfortable to work out in or casual walking.  I wear a size 11 but in Nike footwear, I wear a 11.5 so get a half size bigger.", "came with certificate of authinticy.great quality shoes.my step daughters first pair of nikes (thanks to me) and she says all her friends are jealouse. so this is very good experience.thanks amazon.", "My 12 year old son loved these shoes. Fit great. He really liked the 4 colors of shoe laces that came with it (brilliant idea) and has changed colors twice already. Now if he can keep them clean for more than a minute! Very pleased with this purchase.", "My husband likes the shoes. They are very comfortable. The only thing is that on the back on them it's attached a very shiny circle as a part of a design. It doesn't go with the overall design of the shoes.", "I was a little skeptical when I bought these shoes thinking that the mesh would not hold up when walking the golf course.  Well,  I was pleasantly surprised just how sturdy and well made they are and extremely comfortable.  After a round of nine holes I felt no pain or discomfort at all. I wear a size 9 1/2 and they are true to size and still very comfortable with a sock but not necessary. The only negative thing I should mention is that your feet will get a little wet in the morning if you are walking on wet grass.  But they are a summer shoe, so a little dampest can be kind of refreshing on a hot summer day.  It didn't bother me at all.  In fact, they seem to dry out very quickly.  I think because of the mesh fabric.Totally satisfied!", "The shoes fit perfectly and have plenty of room in the toe box.  I have tried on other golf shoes and they are always pointed and too small in the toe box.  These are very comfortable.", "these golf shoes are nice ...wind goes right through them so they are definitely a summer shoe.  I like everything nike though.", "Daughter has a wide foot and this pinches... the shoes are great in quality and description, Just didn't fit her foot very well.", "Love these shoes now have them in 3 colors . Great for the summer. Nice and light weight. Hard to find navy golf shoes, so really happy.", "I wear these sunglasses when I go running and they are great.  Very light weight and comfortable, and they wrap around slightly so they cover the sun from the sides too.  My husband thinks they look more likes sunglasses for men, but when I'm running/exercising I don't really care that much about appearances!", "Have had two pair of these sandals.  they are wonderful and hold up to a lot.  Use them even as regular evey day shoes in warm weather.  Grandbaby has a high arch and the velcro really helps the fit and ease of getting on.", "This shoe was beyond my expectations, it is soft and the color bright and beautiful. I got this for a two year old, she loves it, she can walk with it better than her sneakers. It bends easily while she is walking . Also very light weight .", "Love itFriends onlyGrave me a Lot ofCompliment's onThisProductWill Love it in yourHouse to wear", "They are eye catching but not overly flashy.  They are even more comfortable than you would expect for the money.  I walk different in them because it's like walking on goodness.If you can't find an all white shoe you like...these are just as good, the colors on the top of the shoe are pretty subtle.I have no input on their performance for running.  I have not been chased in them, so I haven't ran in them yet.  But, I feel as though if danger were imminent, or someone challenged me physically, I would watch them get smaller as I ran away in the Perfect Shoe.", "This would have gotten a perfect score but the size was a bit tight for a size 12. Otherwise I really like the look of these.", "Love this sneaker. Dont know why they dont make new colors more often. This is the only sneaker I buy!", "My son really loves this watch.  He is age 8 and needed something more durable than the typical boys' watch (especially the band, which has so often worn out in the past).  This watch is simple, durable, attractive, and has enough special functions to please an 8-year-old boy.  Would recommend.", "Comfortable, molded bottom, good traction, not too expensive, these fill the bill. I have 2 pair so I can take one to my health club, and the other for home shower or the patio.", "These shoes run true to size. are comfortable and VERY purple.I would have liked them a few shades lighter.", "This shoe was great it didn't last me more than 3 months though it was great And i really liked it", "My son had his mind set on this shoe and I checked four stores locally and wasn't able to find the size he needed so I ordered them from Amazon. My son loves to run and he LOVES these shoes. Very pleased.", "It is a very comfortable shoe and provides me with the speed and agility that I need to play sports outside. However, they do run a little big which is unusual for Nike.", "He needs a wide shoe usually but these Nike shoes seem to give enough in the right places that he can wear them comfortably.  We buy one pair and wear them til they are worn out which is certainly an appropriately long enough time given they are worn by a very,very active 10 yr old boy.  He gets about 8 months or so before we have to replace.  They are his every day shoe so I feel justified in paying the price for them.", "very god product, highly recommendedperfect to recommend to all my family and friendsas it is imaginedexcellentregards", "My kids loved the shoes.  Nike runs a little small ... so if your child has wide feet .... not the shoe for them.", "My son joined a running club at school and needed a good running shoe. He loves these!  My big problem is getting him to only wear them on running days - he wants to wear them everyday.", "Bought these for my son who is very athletic and he LOVES them. Lightweight and very comfy. They are pretty sturdy also....as this is the only shoes he wears lately", "I get compliments on these shoes wherever I go. They fit a little small at first but since I've been wearing them they feel a lot better. They're very comfortable and look great!", "Sized up half a size and they fit great.  Nice and bright, 7th grade boy loves them.  Price was about what I would pay anywhere else and they were delivered on time, without me having to fight mess at the mall/store.", "Bad news first: It fits a size too small, but I was still able to break the shoes in and make it a comfortable fit.Good news: These boots have ridiculous traction and allows me to accelerate at a rate that can't be matched by other boots in this price range.This boot is ideal for a winger/speedy striker who prefers touch over power, but does not want to compromise either.", "My son plays D1 college soccer, so we decided to get him a new pair of cleats for the spring season.  We ordered the Nike Total 90 Laser III FG in March, 2012, and in less than 1 month studs were breaking off both boots.  I contacted the company Highkickz, who Amazon orders through, and they refuse to do anything.  Once the item is worn, whether 1 day or 1 month, it is your problem.  Nike will not do anything either because apparently neither Amazon nor Highkickz are authorized to sell their products. In a nutshell, Nike says it's Highkickz's problem and Highkickz says it's Nike's problem. I question whether these cleats were defective to begin with.  So unless you feel $140.00 is worth 1 month of wearing time, I suggest you go elsewhere!!", "These shoes are very comfortable and they run true to size.  There was a break-in period because I usually wear a size 12 in boots, so I took a risk getting the 11.5 for these Nike Total90 Laser III.", "Very comfortable and lightweight! I used them for Zumba and strength training.  They are supportive, yet not confining. Would purchase again! Love the colors!", "They are not only good for running they also look grate! maybe bit expansive but very good choice.thank you..", "Nike Air Force 1 shoes are the most comfortable sneakers I have tried on.  Great quality, love the shoe, and I will be purchasing more.  This is the real deal, not a Nike knock off!", "Nice top, just had to have it taken in as it was too large for my wife!", "The frames are lightweight and fit snug. the max speed lenses are great, they do not darken your sight picture like other lenses, they remove glare and make things very crisp. I use these for high speed driving, they are outstanding for driving.", "Love these glasses. Comfortable and lightweight and great deal for the money. Liked them so much that my husband wanted a pair too.", "Bought for my grandson and he loves them he thinks the box they came in is really cool too. He carries the shoes and/or box around the house when he is not wearing them for basketball. Excellent price too!!", "i seen these and order them and just got to say they look even better in person very fast shipping its got 2 black on them so easy to match up with outfits i really love these shoe very nice fit it was hard to ware them outside i didnt want to get them dirty but they cleaned very easy and are like new", "I play indoor soccer and turf 2-3 a week, leauges and pick up games.I have owned 3 pairs of these shoes over the past 8 years. Very reliable considering I use them very very often. Sometimes I even wear them casually.Pros:Light!! I used to play with Sambas...never again (bad grip and heavy)very comfortable leather, fit custom insoles, for extra padding.cheap when considering alternatives.firm grip on all kinds of syntetic surfaces and even wood courts!Cons:none in 3 pairs I have ownedNot for the players who likes flashy shoes :)", "Very vibrant color.  Great product. Highly recommend this product.  Can be worn on its on or under a V-neck sweater.", "When my husband's birthday rolled around this year as usual I was racking my brain trying to come up with a useful gift he would enjoy,  which is not easy to do!Since he loves to golf I went the golf gift route!  I chose this shirt,  Nike Golf Men's Tour Pleat Short,  some socks and some golf balls.Needless to say he was one happy camper!He absolutely loves this shirt!  It keeps him cool on the course and there is no  interference with range of swing motion.  He says it's extremely comfortable.The orange color looks fantastic with his gray hair.  He typically doesn't pick vivid colors such as this but based on the compliments he has received I think he's getting over the fear of bright colors!The medium fits him perfectly.  He's short for a man (5\"7) but the shirt doesn't hang down too long on him making him look frumpy.The shirt  washes beautifully and no need to put in dryer.  Just hang and it dries very quickly.  In fact it's practically dry when it comes out of the washer. :)  No wrinkles!The quality is exceptional and in my opinion worth the price!", "Nike seems to be one of those companies that size larger than most.  I have a 42&#34; inch chest and normally wear size large.  I have these shirts in large and I swim in them - both length and all over.  Medium fits better but it is almost like I need a medium-large.  I would much rather use medium than swimming in a large.Keep that in mind if you buy these shirts - other than that, they are beautiful shirts!", "Perfect shoe for your year round golfer!  My husband is kind of picky with his golf shoes and he just loves these!  He says they fit perfect and his feet feel much better than any other shoe he has had. Great traction and easy to clean up too!  Perfect gift for the golfer in your life!!", "I purchased these shoes to begin my hobby of golf. I was looking for a cheaper golf shoe, but with a little quality and style to get me started. After purchasing these shoes, I couldn't be happier. They came in the original box and are well worth the price. For the occasional golfer, these really provide a good quality material.I would recommend these shoes to anyone else looking for a more affordable shoe, but wants to be spared the cost.", "looks very trendy and sleek... sizes run roughly a half size larger than they are listed, so my 10 fit like a 10 1/2. NOTE - YOU'LL HAVE TO BUY THE SPIKE-REMOVER TOOL WHICH IS A $10ish- &#34;Champ ProPlus Wrench&#34;Amazon is $10-$20 cheaper than other places selling this shoe fyi", "Great looking shoe with vibrant contrasts ( Red/White )while still being acceptable on the course! Amazing fit out of the box, and no blisters after a full 18 following! Firmly anchor you to the ground for each swing, even on wet grass and awkward angles. Also keeps your feet surprisingly dry, without suffocating them in the process! Great golf shoe, highly recommend!", "For the price, these are great name brand shoes. They are comfortable and keep my feel dry (very important). No problems with the size, they fit perfect and didn't need to be broken in. I would buy these again and recommend them to others.", "Worn these shoes several times this spring when it was wet.  Kept my feet dry throughout the round.  Nice fit.", "Very comfortable shoe for a great price. I wear a size 14 shoe but a size 13 worked just fine for me! Wore them a couple of times without socks to break them in & they fit perfect now!Great golf shoe without breaking the bank.They come in an assortment of colors & sizes.", "Too cute, great fit, washes up nicely. Love it.  My Daugherty looked cute in the outfit.  I would recommend this.", "awesome jordan set for my 3 mo. old. very cute. only complain is that i wish the booties were more thick. i ordered a black set similar to this & the booties were alot thicker but othr than that its so cute:)", "My husband is a basketball player so im sure our princess will be as well this is the cutest outfit! I just wish you made 6 to 12 months! Arrived 2 days early ! Very pleased!", "My husband actually ordered it, but it's really adorable. No complaints and it was delivered within 2 days. Now he want another one in a different color.", "Bought this for my niece that's coming here in June an I hope it fits her just perfect because it's adorable", "I am currently five months pregnant with my first child, my boyfriend and I absolutely love this little outfit! I can't wait to see my babygirl in this when she's finally here :)", "I'm in the army so running and other forms of physical training are part of my daily routine. After having the same running shoes for almost 3 years I knew it was time to get a new pair, well way past time but let's forget that. I saw these shoes and got them based off the positive reviews. It only took about a week to get here (overseas) and I have to say I was 100% satisfied with them. Not only are they amazingly comfortable and light but they also helped me improve my running posture, these shoes alone helped me take 30 seconds of my 2 mile time alone. I've recommended them to everyone interested in a more comfortable and efficient run.Bonus:Also I didn't know this but it also comes with the little space under the shoe to put the nike run thing for your iPhone, thought I'd add that in there.", "This is the best tennis that I already bought, considering Asic Gel-Kinetic, Nike Elite and Nike Air Alaris. He has a good stability, is well ventilated, great cushioning with good return.", "very comfy, look decent. would not play soccer in them though....meant to be running shoes. the sole has a good cushion, hence helps when running.", "great shoe, fits well but would love to see nike zoom vomeros come in different color choices!!  too much white on this shoe & not enough gray = gets dirty easily :)", "I am a nurse and these shoes are very comfortable. The only drawback is that I paid 119.00 and when I got the shoes they had a discount price of in the 50 dollar range. A little disappointed about that, but I do like the shoes.", "Just the right shoe for runningPerfect fit and colorHad Free Run 3 version before and wanted to try the next level up", "not sure if it comes accross well on pc  but shoes looked great and were as desired ive tried to research them to see if theyare authentic but if they are im verypleased with there quality", "I have been training to get back in shape and shed the extra weight I have put on having my kids and ect.  I have very sensitive feet. Most shoes take so long for me to wear them in to make them comfortable that by the time that happens...I have worn them out!!  I recently went to the NIKE outlet and tried on so many pairs of shoes I thought were \"cute\" and had no luck until I tried these on!!  I got a great deal (59.99) and I have been satisfied with them from the day I took them home.  I was just wearing them to the gym and when I walked or jumped rope outside but I have now started wearing them to work also!!  I work in a old Hospital with hard floors and I walk ALOT during my shift(s) and these shoes are the only ones I own that I can wear the whole shift without wanting to cry!!  I LOVE THEM!!  I am dissapointed that I can purchase the same exact shoe...but I see NIKE has began to make other shoes in this line similar to these...I just hope they are as reliable as these.  #sogladtohaveashoethatworks YaY!!", "I've been looking into these shoes for a while now and I'm so glad that I got them. They are perfect for running, I've been using them for about a month now and they're my favorite! I do have a somewhat wider foot, but it doesn't bother me at all with these shoes. It goes without saying these are great for running, but what really drew me in was the color! The pink is perfect... not too bright, not too dull. Yes, they will make you stand out, but in the best way. LOVE!!", "These shoes are super light and very cushy for a nice run. I really like them. They do not go with some of my work out clothes, but are definitely very cute.", "Since we always buy Nike at a half size larger, we did so with these as well. They seemed a little bit longer than usual in the toes, but my teenage daughter loves the colors.", "My mom loved it, i gave it to her for mothers day. She said its comfortable and flexible and she didnt have to break them in. The problem I have is that, the price was too much. I found the exact same pair at the mall for way less than the one on here. I recommend shopping around first before buying.", "Ended up selling these to a friend and buying a pair in my size. The description said a men's 7 which would have been a women's 9 but they were a women's 7. They are however the most comfortable running shoe. A lot of support. Light and super cushioned. Shipping was fast also.", "love them , everything i expected . there just like the picture but even better . im very happy with my shoes", "The sneakers are comfortable and lightweight for my many miles of running. Good price. I'm not sure about durability as I only had them for a month but so far so good. I'm glad I purchased them.", "IM GIVING THESE SHOES A 1-STAR REVIEW ONLY BC AMAZON WONT POST MY REVIEW W-OUT ME GIVING IT SOMETHING. THATS LOWSY, YOU SHOULD HAVE THE OPTION TO GIVE NO STARS. THESE SURELY DONT DESERVE ANY.i ordered these shoes after a long stretch of looking over shoes online. theres very little variety for high quality athletic shoes where i live. initially i wanted running shoes, though there is just sooo much mesh now that its discouraging. i want something thats good in all elements...definitely dont want  to be confined to a treadmill if the weather isnt ideally warm.so, i figured i would go the basketball shoe route, and i could get my cardio on courts & still do long walks & some jogging in these. i received them today 5/12/10, after ordering them on May 7, 2010 thru amazon.com from \"WatchColony\". i was a little skeptical, bc i went & checked their site & saw ONLY watches...no shoes.all i can tell u is-if ur thinking of ordering them from there...((((Watch-Out)))).i read very good reviews for these sneakers, in spite of them being an old style. i thought \"retro\" meant even tho they were released for the first time years ago, those being sold now have only recently been manufactured. doesnt seem so...mine arrived & i could tell just from touching them that the mid-soles werent right.the upper part of the shoes are fine, though the mid-soles feel more like boots than sneakers, and when i tried them on they hurt my feet. still, i decided to wear them around the house-bc some shoes need breaking in.i gave up after taking them off & putting on my (probably more than) two year old retro iversons, & Feeling instant relief. this is while before trying the pippens on, looking down on my old shoes...they arent very cushiony any more, though are still WaY better than what i got today.its my thought that the watch colony got a good deal on some pippens that were actually made in the mid 90s-that have been sitting around in (oold) storage somewhere, and decided to start up a little side business. ive never felt sneakers with a mid-sole so stiff before, that werent worn out & been out in the snow.now, it could be that all the pippens are like this...i am tempted to order them from another seller just to see. for now though, i am going to say these shoes & Watch Colony (((Suck))). now i will probably have to pay 10 bucks to send back bad shoes that are a nickel short of being 100 dollars. :/ Yeah for Me!!", "Purchased to use for my beach runs.Check your shoe size with a measuring plate before you purchase any cleat.These ran a touch narrow (I'm a ll.5D) and they're a touch tight unless I wear the absolute thinnest socks I can find.Very comfortable though and decent arch support for a cleat.", "these kicks r real MVP, i love them, they complete my Swag.If you want to walk with the MVP grab yourself a pair,", "I bought these for golfing and they provide great high definition, especially in bright light. They work well for driving (a car) too! They are darker than I expected and I think they would do well in bright snow light. The down side is that they may be too dark in the lower light. I walked into a thick woods to search for my golf ball and I had to remove them. But no lens is going to function perfectly in all conditions. The frame is comfortable and durable. Then, however, I had them in my jacket pocket and when I bent over to pick something up they got piched between my quad muscle and my Molson muscle and they snapped in half! So much for durabilty. They should have never broken that easily. I'm trying to send them back now. Apparently I can receive partial credit but don't know the details. To be continued.", "The sun glasses lack a piece of glass on the left side, so actually i received sun glasses that is damaged sun glasses.I am upset because it is not cheap price.....I am sure it was hurt before it was mailed to me since the glasses bag has no piece of glass left there.It is not right way to do so. Can I get some money back?", "Feels cheap, but the lens is pretty good.  It is large and fits comfortable on my nose and side of face.I think Oakley makes much better sun glasses, but for the price this is not bad.I would not recommend this product because it is too expensive for such a cheap feeling sunglasses.", "These were a gift for my daughter who requires complete eye protection. They were received quite well, she loved them!", "Seller sent quickly.  These are a great combo everyday/exercise pair of sunglasses.  Light is blocked from the sides, wrap around design so you barely see the frames when wearing them.  Stays secure, yet doesn't push on sides of my head and the nose bridge doesn't irritate or slide around.", "I love how the lenses are a good size to block out sunlight from coming right over the top.  They really are pretty glasses.  I have the tortoise and black pairs.  I get lots of compliments on mine.  They are also super comfy on my face; hardly know they are there.", "I was able to find these shoes at a reasonable price on Amazon.  They fit my son perfectly and he loves them.", "Im very happy with these Jordans by this seller, they are authentic and thats what really counts.However lets be real If I'm paying double the price and I order them before they release I expect to get them before they release. Maybe they can't control shipping but the only thing I was disappointed with is that I was under the impression I would receive them on or before the release and I just received them today on May 29th. Kids sneakers aren't as difficult to buy as adults and I could have paid half the price and got them earlier by just going to the store.Needless to say they are Authentic and thats what really matters. I love the Carmines.", "very beautiful shoes my daughter loves it100 percent authenticshipping was as expected as well thank you very muchI plan to buy more in the future", "I bought size 4Y but received 4C in the mail. I emailed the people at Sole Place,they said it was a packaging error. However, the 2 sizes are considerably different and very noticeable. I think they are running a scam, I received my money back from amazon but still very upset as they didn't even offer to ship the right shoe to me. Very unprofessional and I wont be buying from them ever again! I now have toddler shoes with no use for them.. and no rainbow Jordans for me.. DISAPPOINTING!!", "I bought this Nike Sweet for my 15 tear old daughter and she's very happy with it. Everyone says that it looks elegant.", "These are the Most comfortable pair of running shoes I've ever owned!  My heals have been beginning to bother me and these shoes sure make walking So much better...plus they are the Perfect color orange!  I love them!", "I've had these shoes for a couple of weeks now and I LOVE them. They are extremely comfortable and the orange color is fantastic.  I read the reviews and I ordered a larger size  up and they are a perfect fit.", "These are the most comfortable workout shoes I've ever had. I have four different colors and get constant complements on all of them. Well worth the price!", "I bought these shoes because I heard they were good shoes for people with flat feet. My hips usually bother me but since I've started wearing these no problems. Super comfy, and cute! Stylish.  I didn't think they'd be that bright, but I love them! I'm confident that I've found a shoe that will give me no problems. I'm a size 8 and I got a size 9 because everybody in the comments was saying they came too small. I probably could have got away with getting a 8 1/2 but they're still great.", "I love these shoes. These shoes are so comfortable to wear. I have had them for about 2,weeks and never had a compaint with pain in my feet after an 8,hr shift of walking. They do run a slight bit small. Also love how wide the top of the foot area is.", "Fits as expected for a Nike which they tend to run small. I wear and 8 and ordered an 8.5. Very comfortable and cute too!", "The Nike Free 5.0 running shoe was exactly what my daughter wanted, and needed for track.  She loves the color, fit, and breath ability of these shoes!  I would buy them again in a heart beat!", "Shoes run slightly small so it's better to try them on in the store first. I have worn these shoes for work for the last couple of years and then are so comfortable when you have to stand all day.", "The fit of these Nike's are perfect!!Love the neon yellow; comfortable shoes that I use for 4.5 mile walks", "I read reviews before purchasing and everyone said to order half a size up so I did. But after getting them I realized it would have been better to just order a full size up. I still wear them and after doing a little breaking in it's bearable. However, if I could do it again I would have ordered a full size up. I also have wider feet, if that has anything to do with it.", "My daughter got then for her self and when I try them on I love the way they felt so I bough me a pair, love the color, all my friend from work like then too, everything was perfect!!!:) thank you!!!!", "These were a gift for my wife and she loves them. They look great and she says they fit perfect.", "these are my second pair of nikes and by far my fav pair of shoes!! there so comfy and flexibly and light! i love them!", "They're so super comfy.  I wear them to work, run in, do yard work in, etc. etc. etc!  Will definitely order another pair from Amazon.", "My wife has complained quite a bit about these hurting her feet. They snug the top of her feet too tightly.", "Love these sneaks! Came faster than I expected which is great! Love the color. Great support in the feet. A little snug but fits great! Great buy!", "Great comfy shoes. My daughters love these lightweight shoes. I am planning on getting a pair myself. Love the great new colors.", "I have strange arches in my feet that bother me if I am not wearing something that fits right. These feel fantastic and formed to my foot the second I put them on. They are light and flexible, it almost feels like you aren't wearing shoes at all.", "According to my daughter the shoe is exceptionally light and comfortable! In addition to being nice! She loves them! Will recommend to everyone! :)", "I should have purchased a half size larger, and the tread is so spread out, all kinds of pebbles and sticks get stuck in the soles. Other than this, very cute and comfortable for lots of walking and working out. This is my second pair -- I like that they have a larger toe box, come in cool colors, and weigh almost nothing. Mesh on top of shoe not great in anything heavier than a drizzle. Great for travel!", "They are a bit tight. They don't fit like any other sport shoe. That's one of the reasons I stopped buying Nike years ago", "Great shoe. Except the orange coloring  on the front of the shoe has already rubbed off and it is white now.", "These are the most amazing shoes I've ever worn! They fit perfect and they feel fantastic while running. I will definitely always be purchasing these for my running shoes! They do run 1/2 size too small so order a 1/2 size larger then what you normally wear.", "I bought these shoes for the gym and a boot camp I just started, i'm so in love how these shoes fit!! They do run very small, I'm an 8 and I got an 9, so make sure you get a size bigger. I love how I can walk for hours and not have achy feet", "They're absolutely perfect. I would highly recommend the brand and running shoe to anyone looking for a good, reasonably priced shoe", "They aren't as comfortable as I thought they would be. No cushion, I wore them once and my feet hurt after.", "They look nice but gave me shin splits, I would not recommend these for XC or Track and Field runners. My coaches and athletic trainer insisted they were bad, and they were right. I had no arch support and got blisters very easily.", "super comfortable and finally my feet no longer ache. i think i can run faster because of this shoe.  yay!", "The shoes look great!  The price was good.  Shipping was fast.  But the shoe is WAY smaller than a women's 7 :(", "Something about the side of my heel, right as it curves up towards my ankle bone rubs funny.  I like the airflow and fit everywhere else.", "Very comfortable and lightweight. I wear them for work in a hospital and for dog walking. If you are looking for more support I wouldn't recommend these.", "I was recommended to go half a size bigger than I usually get, however, these sneakers are not running small and I end up with a bit larger size that I need. I could not return them as I needed them for the trip and I end up keeping them. The bigger size doesn't bother me much. The sneakers are very light and comfortable and can wear them all day long. Love them. Beware what you walking/running on -- small pebbles and other particles do get inside the sole cracks and may damage the sneakers.", "Love them, a little tight across the arch, hope they stretch out a little more for better comfort.  Love the color.  Thank you.", "These shoes are amazing! I found it much easier to run in them, and they are very light. Keep in mind while ordering to get half a size larger because they run a tad small. Great shoes def want more colors !", "I normally wear a size 5 in shoes but knowing Nike runs small I went up 1 whole size- the shoe was still too small. I own other Nikes, this pair runs smaller than the others I own. Since I had to pay for shipping both ways, I decided NOT to reorder and go to a local store to get correct size.", "I usually wear a 9 size tennis shoe, but with the tongue being attached I went up to a size 10. Other than that I love these shoes!! They are great to work out in, and they are sooo comfortable. Just think about going up a size from your regular tennis shoes, and also think about getting some really low no show socks!", "My daughter has high arches and wears orthotics.  She loves these shoes!  They are extremely comfortable.  She bought a full size larger than she wears and is very happy with them.", "Excellent shoes!  Very comfortable and lightweight, feels like I'm not even wearing shoes.  Would most definitely recommend them to everyone.", "I was nervous about purchase, but the shoes were exactly what I had expected  ! Thank you so much! !", "These NIkes are great, they are light weight look great and fit really great. They are pretty true to size.", "Three things: this shoe is great for those of us who wish we could be barefoot at all times, it is very well made, and if you have wider toes, this shoe will work for you!", "I'm a fan of shoes and Nike is one of the best out there love the color and the comfort.", "Amazing one and very nice color but i would need 1/2 size addition to fit me correctly....but i love it", "This will be the third pair of Nike 5.0 free sneakers.  When you find a pair of shoes that work for you, stay with them.", "Awsome shoes they fit perfectly best shoe I have ever brought I recommed that u buy this shoe !!!!--- !!!", "I love these shoes!  I've always worn Nike shoes (mainly Shox) but these are AMAZING!  So comfortable and flexible.  Love the neon yellow color too.  I would order a half size larger though, as most people said, these shoes run small.  I'm typically a 9 in their other shoes but I need a 9.5 for these.  Absolutely recommend to others!!!", "Followed reviews and got a half size bigger.  They fit great, I may have been fine with my regular size because I have such narrow feet.  I'm obsessed with the neon color.  OBSESSED!", "i really love this sneakers but i need it only 8.5 size (((( please i really really want it )", "Love these &#34;Free&#34; ... Light to the point of almost weightless.i'll be ordering another pair. The hot color is awesome, too.", "I bought these for a friend for her birthday. She LOVES them and wears them daily. They are extremely light and are so cute! She said they are great and the best birthday gift she has ever gotten :)", "I bought these shoes because I loved their look, and I love these shoes because they fit and feel great. They offer excellent arch supports and are super comfortable. I ordered a half-size larger than I normally wear because they were out of stock in my size. I'm glad I did, because the shoes were a little snug. If you aren't sure what size to order, I'd go with the larger size.", "These are the most comfortable running shoes I have ever worn. Bought another pair in a nuetral color for casual wear.  I read reviews that they run a little small so ordered a half size larger and they're perfect.", "Fit was small. Recommend going up a size. Had to give these to my daughter to wear. They look good on her!", "If it weren't for my toes hitting the top edge of shoe, I would give it five stars.Otherwise I love the color, style, and how comfy they are.", "Love these shoes. Light weight, comfortable & breathable. Ordered them as I have two more pair in different colors. I needed orange. None of these have disappointed. I always order these a half size larger than I wear. If you are running or doing a lot of walking, you need the extra room. Great tennis shoe. I do like Nike.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn! Seriously! Even more than the Air Max (s) That I've owned.One word of caution though, the Air sole(?) in front isn't very durable and if you lift lots of weights and cycle with it you could end up bursting it.", "This shoe is a classic and it fits even better than before. the look is a crazy as always but i love the mash-up look. Good comfort and padding in this one.", "these are my favor shoes i order i love the color of them the best shoes i ever had so far i like the way they make your feet feel when you wear them they never hurt my feet ever if i wanted another pair of shoes its would be these shoes that how much i loved them alot", "These seem to be just like the Air Max shoes sold in the stores. They seem to be every bit as authentic. I have had many pairs of Air Max shoes that were purchased over the years (starting around 1995), and I also purchased a cheap pair that looked exactly like the air max but were from some seller over seas (not through Amazon mind you). That pair were horrible feeling on the feet and I could totally tell a difference. So with that being said, this pair does not feel like a knock off. They feel completely authentic. They have held up well to lots of abuse so far from me. I would definitely buy these again.", "Love these shoes. Very comfortable and lightweight. The upper mesh part of the shoes gives my feet a breathable feel. It fits very well and offers good support.", "I'm the kind of person that loves colourful things, so I got these shoes and I'm in love with them :) they are very comfortable for a normal day and they also draw a lot of attention :)", "Great product.  Love them and are great in that you can tilt them up on your head and they don't fall off", "I wear a 10, I got 10.5 and they are tight around the bridge of my feet. But I just got them and they'll probably wear in. Nicely made, good quality otherwise. But if these don't relax after a bit I may have to return them.", "I have owned several pairs of Kobe's shoes and these are my favorite. Everyone was scared when he said he was coming out with a low top shoe. Well these aren't that low. They feel great and fit perfect. They are pretty wide so I have to really crank them down to fit my skinny foot, so the wide shoe might be a plus if you have a wider foot. I have the Kobe Zoom V's and I LOVE these a lot better. I think they are the perfect height, weight, and look. These are a great basketball shoe.", "im pretty sure these shoes are fake...i ordered a pair and got a glued together shoe with athletic south written all over it", "These shoes are the best! I wear them mostly everyday, going to school. They never fail & i've had them for over a year now.They fit around your foot like a glove & keep you relaxed while walking, it's like nothing is there!", "These shoes fit a little snug at first, but after a few wears, you will love them. They are so comfortable that I bought another pair, one to wear out and one for work. You really cant go wrong, these are lightweight and really don't get that dirty. If there is some dirt on the white sole anywhere you can wipe it off and if it doesn't wipe off then use a white eraser and that should get most of it out. They are very durable and stay looking brand new after many wears. I've owned Asics, Reebok, and Under Armour shoes, as well as many pairs of Nike's and I have to say that these are the most comfortable. I probably will not be getting rid of these anytime soon, I really love these shoes. They have so many colors and their at an affordable price, the red color is a little lighter than it appears in the picture.", "I will preface this by saying shoes are pretty subjective.  Obviously everyone has their own preferences and fit will differ wildly.This is my second pair of Nike Frees.  I had some 4.0s and loved them, and when I finally wore them out I picked up a pair of thesebecause I figured they would be similar and I liked the available colors.  When I received my new 5.0s, I was very impressed by the look and style.  Unfortunately, for a running or fitness shoe, look and style are secondary to fit and performance.  I was pretty disappointed in these as soon as I put them on, and I should have sent them back, but I convinced myself that they just needed to break in.  Well, 5 months later and I still don't like them.  I ordered these a half size up from my normal size as I did with my 4.0s, and they are still too small.  I would have been happier with a full size over my normal size as they are a little too tight.I'm done with these shoes but I will gladly try Nike Frees again.  However, it will be a at a store where I can try them on.", "I bought these shoes for my niece. She loves them! They were priced well and the quality of the shoe is good. Great buy!", "ILove these boots, unfortunately , they are not my size. I would so wear them if I could find them in my size but I have looked everywear. No luck... These would be great for gym, or even zumba as they have the right sole. The shaft is really narrow  so if you have really skinny calves they will work for you. I ended up giving my pair to a really cool gradeschool girl... I recieved these boots with no packing slip, nor any way to return them, really.", "I had previously purchased another pair of Nike's for my husband, however, they were too small and too narrow.  I then purchased these wide Nike's a half size larger than he usually wears and they fit perfectly.  He said that they are the most comfortable tennis shoes he has ever owned.  They are also very nice looking.", "This Nike is a very good product. The insole is comfortable, and designed creatively cut with added detail of navy blue and white to simulate the school book.", "Bought these because I like Nike, and I am very happy to say that, 3 yrs later, they are still in great condition, still comfy, and still look great. Very pleased!", "I bought these shoes and they were everything I expected and more! They are very light weight and comfortable and I love the color! I  would highly recommend these shoes!", "My Grandaughter likes her shoes very much.She thinks they are so cool. I think she isso cute in them.", "OMG!!! Service was so fast!! I got my shoes today, and I ordered them on Sat. 6. The shoes are awesome! Comfortable, stylish and  so damn cute!! But, I would advise to order a half a size larger than your regular size. Love them, my 4th pair of Nike Cortez I've purchased in a month.", "The shoe looks like a real Nike shoe, but once you touch it, it's all down hill. The material is man made; there are no markings on the tongue; the stamps inside don't match and one is placed very off center. There should be a SKU inside the shoe that matches the box. Not! The label that is inside doesn't say &#34;Nike,&#34; it says &#34;MADE IN VIETNAM&#34; in all caps. Our family has been through dozens of Nikes through the years and these are clearly fakes.", "The shoes look so fresh in person its crazy. when you're on the court you feel like the shoe is part of you. I don't see how any shoe can top this in terms of style and performance. Definitely worth what you pay. The traction is not as good as the 4's ( of course no shoe's traction will be) but there's still plenty to keep you from slipping. Great, extremely comfortable shoes that you HAVE TO GET.", "bought this for support. bought this for support.The support of what is up to you.bought this for support.The support of what is up to you.You get more than what you pay for, nice quality and colors.Help other customers find the most helpful reviewsYou get more than what you pay for, nice quality and colors.Help other customers find the most helpful reviewsThe support of what is up to you.You get more than what you pay for, nice quality and colors.Help other customers find the most helpful reviews", "these shorts are THE best shorts i have ever bought i regret evvery second i havent been wearing them ..they are just PERFECT although i wish i bought a smaller size..i usually wear medium but from the words a read here about the buying a bigger size than what you normally wear i bought LARGE .. and it is still beautiful ..thanks guys thank you very much ..", "Fit perfect, very well made, highly recommend for adult or kid. Wearing very well on an active 12 year old that plays a lot of ball", "I got this for a gift for my son. It is styling and he loves it and it is wearing well", "nice pair of sneakers to wear when i go out. they look fly, and are really comfortable as well. i wear a size 13 and have wide flat feet and these shoes fit me pretty well for a regular pair of sneakers, usually skate shoes are all i can wear.", "Great shirt, fits good and will keep you warm outside, but not hot inside.  I get many compliments when I wear this shirt from Nike.  Also great for a run outside or a quick workout at the gym.", "True Dri-fit material, but the collar was a cheap stretchy material that was very wrinkled when worn. Made for a very uncomfortable fit.", "I bought these shoes for my husband. He says they are a good quality, comfortable pair of basketball boots. He has a reasonably wide foot, so he found them somewhat narrow initially, but they have stretched over time. He plays basketball twice a week and says the shoes are perfect for this purpose.", "My nephew runs more or less 4 seconds faster each lap. It was its first spikes and he loved them.", "It's exactly what I wanted I just gave it a four cause it was a large and they didn't have any smaller size", "Soaks up the moisture and comfy socks! I can wear the black ones as dress socks. Highly recommend. They do the job.", "I thought they would be very big considering all the reports on these socks, but when I got them, I was in love ! They fit perfect, and are very comfortable ! Very good buy. Coming back for more later ! (;", "just like the heading says, they are absolutely so comfortable and just plain amazing. i wear them every single day!", "The kiddo loves Nike socks and I previously suspected that it was all about the &#34;label&#34;, but I have to say that they hold up so well - washing and being owned by teenagers!  I decided to buy some for my husband as well and he said that there is something to be said for paying more for some things - they fit great, don't slip around and stay put!  I only discounted 1 star because the price still pains me a bit!", "three socks  for this price come one. is very cheap. Are dri and fit mediu socks are good my size si perfect", "Can not believe how comfortable these socks are. Bought a whole bunch and now don't worry about matching socks anymore. Still have a drawer full of other socks, but never wear them anymore.", "Tight fit means great support. They are a little warm though. As summer approaches, I will probably revert back to my older thinner Nike socks.", "I was sent the wrong color of socks. I got all black socks instead of white, black, and navy blue.", "My husband will only wear these socks. They don't get loose and slide down, they fit nice and snug, expensive but last a very long time", "My husband is on his feet all day. A nice alternative to black dress socks.. Don't like matching up a Left foot - Right foot folding laundry though", "I thought that being made out of the dri-fit material they would be more expensive. I went to a name brand sporting good store and they only charged 16.00 which is the suggested retail price. I am disappointed that a retailer on Amazon would charge more than what the product is really worth. Thank goodness I got free shipping, otherwise I would be very upset.", "It's simple not much to explain they are bike Dri-Fits they do exactly what I expected them to do keep dry", "These socks are comfortable...well made...look good.  I use them for everything because they are so versatile.  They also dont fall down around your ankels but dont put the squeeze on you either.  Good with slacks because they are black and look like dress socks.  Work for just hanging out in jeans because they are comfortable.  Sports like golf or whatever...they work for that too.", "I bought these because I had some older ones that I bought at the Nike outlet, and thought these would be the same.  For the most part they are the same except for the length and elastic/spandex.  I wear a size 15 shoe so I usually buy the XL socks, but to my dismay when I put these on, the foot fits perfect but these are not crew socks... these things go all the way to my KNEES.  Plus if I have them pushed down they are so tight on my lower legs that by the end of the day I have a groove around both legs.  I am hoping it was just an off batch as the socks are some of the best socks I have EVER bought.  I am somewhat of a clothes horse and sneakerhead, so I buy a lot of socks and shoes and have never found a more comfortable pair of athletic socks.  I recommend them, but after the last batch I may have to recommend going to the store and holding them to make sure you get the right length.", "My son loves these socks.. W will be buying more! The only problem is only there came in the pack", "My doctor recommended me to these socks due to my feet sweating.  My feet still sweat but it has drastically diminshed due to these socks.  These are good enough to replace dress socks and when you wear them, you can hardly notice the difference.  The reason why I deducted a star is because it caused me a little bit of discomfort due to being very tight on the cav area.  Otherwise, the price is great on amazon and you get 3 pairs of sock.", "Was skeptical at first because you can get Nike 6-pack Dri-fit for the same price of this 3-pack but the difference in design/construction makes them worth it.Great fit, comfortable, provides arch support (by wrapping around the area), and keeps your feet dry.The \"L\" and \"R\" markings made me laugh when I first saw them.  Just don't let the laundry gremlins steal a single.", "These socks were too tight for me, so I gave them to my wife to try on her smaller feet. Too tight for her as well.", "I bought these socks for my daughters basketball season and she really likes them.  They stay put and are pretty comfortable!!", "I really like these socks, having larger and wider feet (12 Extra wide) not all socks that say they will fit up to size 12 shoes, fit me properly. But these fit great and they do seem cooler or maybe they &#34;breath&#34; better than regular socks. I do seem to notice my feet aren't as damp in the evening when I take my socks off, so they do seem work as advertised. Will have to see if they are as durable as regular socks. I have usually bought Hanes crew socks x-large in the past, so these socks seem comparable in price and maybe a little better bargain as I get free shipping with Amazon prime. One of my favorite things about these socks is they stay up all day! I don't have to keep pulling them up, so that is a positive for me.", "these socks are great for family times and great for kids. What kid doesn't want socks for there birthday? All thought, they were delayed they came in the next day.", "Nike delivered my product as always, flawless. Great socks with extra comfort in them. Worth the buy. I can always trust nike", "Great fit, great socks!  This style of socks are a part of my daughters school uniform...they are perfect and she wears them all the time. To school & on the playing field!!", "Love these socks! They are a lot more cushiony then the socks I bought from the actual Nike store. Fit a lot better and do not lose the elasticity in the bands. I recommend buying these socks.", "These socks are great! They are foot specific for a better fit and have better cushioning than normal. Not to mention they are Dri-Fit! Do not hesitate to buy these if the price is reasonable. They are a great sock for sports (I use them for basketball and track). After a month of use they are holding up strong.", "I have a nerve disease do to my Army service and they were to tight around my foot. The padding was great but just to tight for me.", "The socks were a gift  they were a good fit and was the right color good quality he really like them", "Size 15 shoe and these fit well.  I bought for basketball but am going to also use as a daily driver.", "Fit very well, comfortable and help keep my feet dry when playing tennis.  Would order more but balk at the cost.", "the socks did keep my feet cooler and they contained the sweat from my feet withing the socks  reducing the impact of the smell on my shoes.BUT... the price is insane. I wanted more socks like them and I was willing to replace all of my socks with this style but the price prevented me to do so.There is an alternative, for tree times less, I got a better performing pair of socks that replaced everything else I use. The brand &#34;AND1&#34; from wallmart has the same thing, and in my opinion, better, more breathable socks.", "These socks fit well. They stay in place. They are a good value. You get three pairs at a good price.", "The socks are nice and are in good condition. They were a size small but i paired to get them on so it didnt bother.", "these were given to my son as a gift and he says they are nice socks. Hopefully they will last quite some time.", "I never received the item ordered.  I also never received a response from the seller after 2 e-mail attempts.  Luckily, Amazon refunded my moned when I filed a claim.", "I was mostly surprised and pleased that these socks were as long as they were, both in foot and leg length, and the quality is better than other Nike socks I've had in the past. I appreciate the amount of compression they provide, which helps them stay up well and keep my legs from tiring/swelling. I only wish there was a bit LESS compression in the foot area, as they tend to squeeze my toes a bit too much by the end of the day. ( I am a nurse, so I'm on my feet a lot ).  Other than that, I am very pleased with these socks----in the end, the comfort of support, non-droopy socks and drier feet is more important than a little toe compression.", "i have had these socks for about two weeks and they are amazing.  they really stop your feet from sweating as much and stop odor as well.  i like the different colors that are available.  overall these are great socks for the price", "Nice fit. I Ike that the socks have an &#34;L&#34; and an &#34;R&#34; on them as I often forget which side of my body is which", "Socks are comfortable, keep your feet warm and dry and they stay where they are! I also have the low cut and quarter drifit socks and they are all awesome!", "Just like what you see.perfect for basketball or just wearing with shorts in the summer. warm enough to wear in cold weather but breathe good enough for sports. good price as well.", "Great deal.  I'm diabetic, and this socks seems to be made for, they keep my feet dry during a basketball journey", "I love these socks! I wear them with absolutely everything. They keep your feet super dry and comfortable. I always need and will buy more. A must for sports and casual wear. I have tried other brands of dri-fit and these are by far the best. Other brands just don't measure up. Another thing that is great about these socks is that they stay up when you're wearing them, I don't have to pull them up half way through the day.", "Love these great fit and support and durable socks.  Never get crusty or lose elasticity - even after 100's of washings.", "I am very happy with these socks.  They are slightly big but shrink after washing and drying for a perfect fit!", "I have a slim foot and these are a bit tight on my 11 1/2 -12.  That said, I still like these better than what has been ending up in my X-mas basket. No offense fam. They fit just at the calf & seem to handle moisture well. I purchased for cardio, hoops, walking etc. Might buy another set if the company sends me a coupon.", "ok. they're socks. you know this much. but the dri-FIT socks are alot more comfortable than regular socks. they got some cushion to them and they also have the dri-FIT material. i wear these for when i work out and when i'm playing sports and these are exactly what i need. definitely a good investment. make sure to follow washing instructions and don't use fabric softener on these and wash in cold water.", "My teenage sons love these socks, very comfortable and wear well. Great transaction and product as described! Awesome product at an awesome price!", "My 13yr old picked these out and ordered them himself, he loves them.I am frightened as I think he is turning into a clothes horse.", "the socks are SUPER SOFT they fit great also they are very breathable. the colors were dead on and have a good amount of swag", "These are one of the most comfortable pair of golf shoes I've owned.  I've received numerous compliments on the looks. I highly recommend these shoes.  Excellent price point!", "Best sandals I ever bought.  I think they have now changed style and makes me sad.  Would purchase over and over.", "my son wears a 3 in shoes and so i bought the 4 so he can wear them by summer and i got the shoes and try them on him and they r to small so i am going to have to by him anther pair", "I wear these shoes not only to exercise, but for errands and even a casual evening out. They could not be more comfortable.", "I BOUGHT THESE SHOES FOR MY BOYFRIEND FOR HIS BIRTHDAY.  HE WAS IN DESPARATE NEED OF NEW SHOES.  HE LIKES THEM A LOT.  THE ONLY THING THAT WE WOULD CHANGE WOULD BE HAVING THEM AVAILABLE IN WIDE SIZES.", "These are comfortable and great athletic socks. With the added benefit of knowing which sock goes on which foot lol.", "Purchased these socks to fit my foot and they were so tight that I had to give them to my wife for her to use.  Buy the next size up...", "One designed for each foot.  A little snug after washing.  I wear an 8 shoe, women's and bought medium socks.", "The Nike FitDry Quarter socks are the first socks I have used to run in that are not, at least, ankle height. In the past I have run in quarter socks that have ended up in the toe of my shoe.  When you run 20 or 30 miles a day, this is a real inconvenience.In short, these socks are perfect in everyway. They retain their shape, no matter how far I run. They stay dry, which is great. They are light, while maintaining cushion on the bottom and in the calf area.More expensive than your usual hanes socks, but well worth the price.", "These socks, while a bit pricey, do keep your feet nice and dry during long runs. Coupled with a breathable shoe, they have helped me really cut down blisters which I was getting with more traditional cotton sport socks.", "My husband has sensitive feet and is very happy with these socks, they fit well, cushion his feet, and keep him comfortable.", "&#34; awesome deal !&#34; is all i wanted to say,! but then I got a flag because I did not write at least 17 words ?! wtf.", "I really like these socks. They combine the thickness and durability of a good basketball sock with the coolness and moister wicking of a running sock. They provide good support too. I've been using them for games every week for over a month and I've been very happy.", "Socks are comfortable, keep your feet warm and dry and they stay where they are! I also have the crew and low cut drifit socks and they are all awesome!", "Its so hard to find quality black quarter cut socks. Nike seems to be the best bet for me, however they have become really hard to locate, even at the Nike stores.", "I like the sizing, fabric, breathability, and left / right refrenes of these socks.  Black socks don't get the brown sweat and dirt stains that white socks do.  These are really comfortable.", "I ordered a large for my husband without knowing exactly his size because they don't really give a good chart to compare with but it turned out he fits them perfectly. He wears a size 9.5 US....so the large fits great. I also got him the no show socks but got it in med and its still ok because it's supposed to sit low.", "Not a big fan of these shoes.  They are too &#34;LITE&#34;.  They have very little if any support.  After 18 holes of trying not to slip,feet are very tired.  Usually a big fan of Nike, but not this time.  (this was reviewed by my wife).", "I'm certainly not a fanatical runner, but I do run quite a bit. I have flat feet, and am a heel/toe runner, so the cushioning in the Air Pegasus is perfect for me. Not the lightest running shoe, but they breathe fine and keep my feet cool", "Great shoe, good support--my ankle and knee pain are gone. But the lining is rubbing against my instep as I run causing some new blisters. Otherwise it would have been a 5.Also, I did not realize this was an overseas shipment. Still it was here in a little under 2 weeks--not too bad for international shipping.", "good buy good timing no complaines, it was a pleasant deal ! you all can buy with a lot of confidence and you wont be sorry", "Boots fit great, feel great & look great. Said they are black but the are dark grey. Very very cool. :)", "Aren't these the ACG/Goadomes.  Its the same shoe, whats with the different name?  I'm lost here, is there something I'm missing?", "Nice pair of sneakers. Pippens feel great to walk in and are super stylish..... definitely some of my favorite sneakers. Only wish the original white &black was also out", "these sneakers are great for wide and/or flat feet.they easy fit an orthotic.great support for the pounding up and down the court.", "i got the product on time no problem.it was too tight for my son so i sent an email and received an ra number_no prob.i paid for my shipping back, hey received it, then i received my credit on my card in 2 weeks_problemi read the fine print that said there is no restocking fee if the unit is in good condition.i sent it back in perfect condition-even the box was in a box and inside another ups box.the shoe was couldn't fit so was never walked on.why was i charged 20 usd for restocking fee?it's a shoe...all shoes fit differently from diffent manufactures.so i lost the shipping charge to get the shoe-no probi lost the shipping charge to return it-no probi lost 20 percent of 100usd- BIG FAT PROBLEM!!!!!!", "These are hands down speed shoes, that I burn through three pair in a season chasing down receivers.  I'm a fast man-up D-Back that can out run and jump most wide receivers.  Surprise to those guys.  These get me where I need to be.  None lighter or faster.", "I currently own the Speed TD. I really like the shoe cause it's light and great traction. I know a few people who have the Zoom Vapor Carbon Fly TD, so I decided to get a pair as backup since it was cheaper than the $120 price tag at other sites. Haven't had a chance to run around with them yet, but they feel just as light as the Speed TD's I currently use. I also went with a size larger, as I did with the Speed TD, because these shoes run narrow and I want to try and avoid any toe injuries caused by running.", "Cleats provide a supreme contact with the ball, which excels dribbling, passing, and shooting. Strategically placed spikes allow rapid change of movement. Light weight and well-engineered sole construction increases the speed. Tying shoelaces is a bit of a timely process. They are terrific cleats for serious players!", "The product came damaged! So disappointment with the product, I don't think I could buy again this kind of product.", "Very soft and comfortable. No shrinkage. Does retain odor so wash 'em! A little more than some plain Tees, but well worth it to me.", "Nice Tshirt. I would buy another one even it is a little bit expensive, it's well made and looks pretty good. Thanks.", "con la calidad de siempre nike destaca e sus productos siendo comoda y de buena calidad a un buen precio", "very nice tshirt feels so great and for the price is just amazing i will defenitely buy more of this... But if you are from central america and your size is L you must buy this in M size", "i ordered several dri fit shirts and the sizing was waaaayyyy off. not sure if these are actual nike shirts it was so off. i ordered mediums and they were huge.i promptly returned to the seller with delivery confirmation, and when they left notice that they were delivered, he never bothered to call the post office for a re-delivery or to pick them up.  they were sent back to me after a month of waiting, and when i complained to the seller, he just told me to re-send them.i asked for him to pay for the re-return shipping, and he refused.DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER. an online vender needs to have a reasonable return policy and he clearly does not.side note - buying shirts online was clearly a i bad idea in hindsight due to sizing issues, but that was my mistake which i won't make again.", "Awesome, love the dri-fit, it is the best shirt you can get for a hot day outside, it is cool and fits well", "I bought one and liked it well enough that I got all the colors now. They have fast become my favorite go to shirt. I live in Texas and these are great in the hot months. I ordered a large. I weigh 185 and it fits like it was made for me.", "I bought this shoe from another online merchant at least a couple of years back.  I play a lot of footie on turf and wanted something besides my regular turf shoes - something I thought might be better in the rain.  I was not disappointed.  These shoes are comfortable, durable and pretty light. The cleat design works really well on turf without being too grippu(dangerous on turf) and like a normal FG shoe on grass. They are not the most comfortable leather but I have had nothing but bad experiences durability wise with Kangaroo leather and similar thin leathers.  My shoes usually blow out within a year.  Anyhow, I've used these shoes on the crappy grass fields and one several different turf fields for over 2 years and they are just now starting to show signs of being on their way out - some stitches coming apart, lace holes blown out.  They have served me well and I will be buying a similar shoe very soon.", "I bought this bag and have had it for a year. It is a good bag for maybe a 4 year old, or if you need to organize your sports stuff around your house. This is not a good bag for team sports. It has a bat compartment which can barely fot 2 bats, and if you put your helmet in the main compartment it becomes impossible to put your bat in the bag. THIS BAG HAS NO SPACE WHATSOEVER. I would strongly urge you to get something bigger.No shoe compartment, no water bottle compartment. My local Nike store was selling this bag for only $12, dont waste your money.", "These shoes fit perfectly, look great and are comfortable. Would love to find the white ones with black stripe and red bottoms but looks like that model may be discontinued.", "I bought this shoes thinking it was a turquoise & white, However it was white an another shade of blue but cant complain it looks good fits great!", "Love my dunks! It fit so well, and looks nice and slim, not bulky! I got compliments the very first time I wore it. I think Im going to get me some other colors. My new addictin hehe", "Slick looking and durable, the suede tends to get dirty alot but as long as you dont use them to work your good.", "I purchased these shoes because they are sooo cute! At first they were the most comfortable shoe I'd ever owned. Now I rarely wear them because they hurt my feet if I wear them too long. I wore them often, so it may just be because I wore them out. Unfortunately, I paid too much for them to wear out without a few  years use. It is also important to mention that I have very low arches, therefore it is difficult for me to find shoes that are comfortable. For those of you who have regular arches, I definitely recommend these shoes. They will most likely be much more comfortable for you then they were for me.", "The picture shows the shoes as being rather high from the heel up.  Must have been the angle of their picture.  I really needed a shoe that would be high enough to support my ankle but it does not do that.  It was a waste of money for me. I well give them 2 stars for their fast service.", "Great price, fast delivery, but obviously seconds. One shoe has offset top grommets and causes the front of the shoe to pull to one side. However, they feel great and I am wearing them for work.", "Thought I had ordered from Zappos so has to pay double postage when I sent them back. I will read more carefully next time.", "I intended to buy these for my job since I walk 10 hours straight but after using them for regular casual use I fell in love with these big time! It gives me the feeling of walking on marshmallows and won't give the owner those dreaded foot aches. I definitely recommend these shoes for anyone who easily gets foot aches because trust me, you just can't go wrong with these. Nike does it again! :)", "I was looking in a store for a shoe to use in outdoor activities and working out and such.  Decided to go with this shoe due to its comfortable fit.  Little did I know that this would turn into the only shoe I wear.  Completely eliminates foot fatigue for me, no pan no aching.  LITERALLY feels like I am walking on clouds.  So comfortable that I came here to Amazon to buy a second pair in black for work where I'm standing and running around as a waiter for 8 hour shifts.  Love these shoes and I highly recommend them, coming from somebody who relies heavily on customer reviews.", "The shoe fits very good and the color is awesome, I like the two-tone matching colors. Thank you very much!", "After buying two pairs of Nike shoes these are my favorites, Why the comfort they give me through the day , being that I'm flat footed the sole in these shoes absorb a lot of pressure from my feet ,these Nikes our my choice of  shoes ,looking to purchase another pair other than black.", "These are a bit tighter than I expected for size 12 cleats, but they are the perfect size as snug is a good thing for cleats. I've been able to wear them for sports immediately, without any breaking in period, playing 2 hours at a time without pain.I do wish they would &#34;break in&#34; more quickly, as they do pinch my left toes after about 2 hours.These are replacing a pair of Nike &#34;Air Ninety II&#34; cleats. I much prefer the feel, flexibility and cleat pattern of that older pair, but they gave out very quickly (with a rip above my big toe) and I can no longer find that model in any case.", "They are really good cleats and they have a nice touch. The only thing that is bad is that everyone will want them.", "I'm usually a 10.5 on Nike shoes, these run small. I would go at least a half size up. The cleats are slightly longer on them compared to other shoes, great for grass fields, but they may be a bit tough for turf.", "They're shoes, so there isn't much to say.  They're a bit narrow with flat arches. I bought them for the look, so I was pleased.", "I only purchased these socks because they are made in the USA, and I am proud to support american workers.  Unfortunately these socks run small.  My husband is a shoe size 11 and I purchased the correct size sock for him, but they nearly cut off blood flow to his foot.  They are so tight I had to go and buy him different ones.  Order the next size up for your shoe size.", "A staple for true Air Max fans.  Kind of lame that foot locker is pushing them these days but such a great looking shoe.", "They run small and are almost &#34;too&#34; white seem brighter than the collar on the website. also not made out of regular air 90 materials, not bad infact seems to be nicer like a nylon kinda feel to it.", "I'm a real bag junkie!  This one is lightweight and perfect for summer. It has plenty of room and though I tend pack light in the summer, it seems rugged enough for trips to the beach or pool.  I like the style and got this one on sale for 1/2 price. I grabbed it.  I own bags by other makers that over super durable and tend to be on the heavy side.  This one is Stylish, lightweight, and rugged enough for tossing in the car or on the back for a bike ride down to the local watering hole.", "These were for my son and he loves them. To bad the seller didnt have more photos of the shoe we had to go to another site to see them.", "OMG i bought these cleats for linebacker and running back so far these cleats be so good to me i use them everyday i have amazing grip on hard mud and grass and they kinda take a while to break in like 2-3 days but they are comfortable and amazingly awesome", "Fit perfectly and the UVA UVB protection is great.  I was a little disappointed by the Nike term Golf Tint, the green grass was a bland or dull green, no bright look to it.  I was hoping for Blue tint so I could use while swinging at the ball.  I'll still use them, but between shots.  Again love the look and feel, by solid construction and quality, and fits perfect..", "These Nike glasses are great; comfortable and being polarized they are great on the real sunny days. Usually go for Oakley's, but, Nike has some nice styles for sport and casual.", "I ordered these and a few days later i was contacted and they advised me this color was out of stock - I contacted the seller and the customer support was great. They gave me the option to wait for the item to be in stock ( 2-3 weeks), however, i requested a different color. They had no issues changing the color i requested and my glasses arrived right on time. I was promised a free cleaning kit with my order due to the item not being available and it still hasn't arrived but over all they have pretty good support.", "I am not very happy with these glasses...they look too small almost have a youth size feel, I do like the color...would love to exchange them but not interested in spending any more money(shipping etc).", "My son (12 y/o) thought they looked \"cool\"  and liked the Nike brand. I liked the nice case they came with! I've noticed the price has increased since I purchased, guess that's the deal you get for buying sunglasses in the winter (Christmas present)!! ;-)", "a year with this excellent product, i just  recommend it 100%, it is worth, look really nice, very modern and flexible", "Just amazing! I never take a pair of shoes so comfortable! and also they look so pretty! try to believe!", "These sneakers were exactly what I expected. I love them! They are comfortable, great to look at and fit to size.", "I really enjoy the pattern on my nikes. Trey arrived on time and were true to their color. The shoes were a little large though. I wear a 9.5 and when they arrived, I realized I could've easily gone with a 9.", "Great good condition came on time. The color looks like it does in the photo. If you want better gotta pay more but for the price very nice.", "love these shoes! They fit perfect, super comfy, and they are really light. The colors are nice and bright as well.", "The look of the shoe is great but they fit wide on my feet and the top hole to lace them up wasn't pushed thru to the inside so we had to cut in a hole.", "these shoes are great, it feels like i am walking on pillow top so comfortable and can walk for miles with them.  they fit just perfect i have a wide foot and i dont feel them too tight at all.", "Great sneakers, especially for the price. I wouldn't use them for running, but they are perfect for regular working out.", "This is a happy different shade that isn't overly pink but not overly masculine.  The softer grey shade is more delicate in a tennis shoe, but hides dirt well.", "Love my new Nike's they fit as expected and I am looking forward to wearing them on vacation in Canada", "The running shoes were ok. They fit perfect, and they are just what you think they are by the picture.", "I went to a store, here in So Paulo - Brazil, tried on some trainers on and chose this one. Ordered the exact same. But when I got them, they feel quite small... Makes me wonder if they are original a Nike's pair!", "Great shoes! Just be sure to buy a half size larger then your normally wear in order to have room for your toes. Love the look and feel of these!", "I love these shoes. i had surgery on both of my feet feom bad burns and these are the only shoes i have found that feel good on my feet. they do not rub or make blisters on any of the scarred spots.on my feet.", "I love how light weight and comfortable they are. They're great for running and aerobics. I was really surprised and I don't feel weighed down. I would definitely order them again.", "I bought these shoes for my wife. She's a nurse and she is on her feet all day and she needed a new pair of shoes. I ordered these with the regular delivery and they came early, they were brand new and they fit perfectly.", "Great", "Nikes usually run a little tight on me so I order them a 1/2 size bigger but these were slightly bigger than the ones I have gotten in the past but they still feel great!", "I PURCHASED TO RUN IN..BUT MY TOES ARE ALL THE WAY TO THE END SO I CAN'T....DECIDED TO KEEP BECAUSE THEY ARE SO CUTE AND JUST USE THEM FOR CASUAL DRESSING...LOVE THEM", "Fit really tight I wonder if I can get some information for an returned or change for a different shoe", "They fit as expected. It did take a little long for them to arrive then I expected but they are good.", "They are light weight and perfect.  Great for people like me with arthritis in their feet makes walking on the treadmill fun.", "These shoes fit perfect, enough room to wiggle my toes a little, and are extremely comfortable!! I have bad feet (naughty things ;) and suffe4 from pain all of the time, and these have the prefect amount of cushion and I can wear them all day, during all of my activities; from work, to walking, and even sitting &#60;3 Not to mention these are extremely cute and modern at an even better price!! I would highly recommend!", "I have a wide foot so they are a little snug but after some stretching they feel much much better.", "This are great shoes. They are very comfortable for running indoors and outside on the track. I got them for track this year and I am very pleased with the quality.", "I badly needed a new pair of sneakers, the pair i have been wearing i bought when i was a sophomore in high school, and that was about six years ago.  I am really cheap when it comes to clothes and shoes, and seeing the price of these I had a on and off battle with my self about ordering them.  In the end I knew i wouldnt find a better deal for a pair of Nikes.  These are literally the most comfortable pair of sneakers i have ever owned!  Comfy for walking or running.  I am so pleased with the shoes, they are super cute too.  Definitely worth every penny.", "These shoes are very light weight but still supply the support that I need.  The colors are pretty and not too bright. Great buy!", "I love , LOVE , LOVE this Sneeker. Its like they were made for my feet . WONDERFUL . I'm on my feet all day and these shoes are the BEST !!!!!!!", "I love these shoes! They are so cute and they look awesome and when I wear them I even feel awesome .!!", "Is not original, and there is also glue on the shoes like if it was torn and re-fix.And also seems smaller than the underlying ! strange thing that the product is bad", "I like the style & color. The only thing I don't like is the insole. I will have to buy some pads to put inside. Nice shoes. Thank you for choosing me to win.", "They fit comfortably.  They look awesome!  They support me very well (high arches).  And theyre VERY well ventilated so no more uncomfortable feet", "What's not to like about this shoe. I bought these shoes because I will start going to the gym 3 days out of the week. I searched and searched for the perfect shoe that was fashionable, reasonably priced but made for physical activities. This is the shoe. I haven't had a chance to use them at the gym but I notice that they are not to tight but just right so with most of my shoes I can't in wide width I just am going to walk around work with the on to kind of stretch them out before I go to the gym, they aren't to snug but for someone like me who always wear sandals due to my flat feet its going to take a little getting use to but overall I am pleased with the shoe and yes they seem to be real authentic nike's. The shoes came in a nike box. well constructed and light but not bendable. hopefully I can update to let you know how they worked out at the gym", "I wear a size 9 in most running shoes, and these fit just fine. I really like the pink laces, very girly, just like me.", "I just ordered these to use in the gym as trainers. They serve their purpose well. Also, cool colors and lightweight.", "These shoes are great! Tight fit full of support. I love how great they look and a durable show for running or gym classes!", "I was looking for a shoe for insanity, and reasonable price & good workout shoe. These shoes are the bomb! So comfortable, durable does not slip on gym floor. I also have used them as my turbo-kick shoes,.overall better than expected. Size up shoe, I usually wear 7 for workout shoes, but a 6.5 fit very good, & have room for my toes to move. I will buy another pair", "The shoe is very comfortable and the half size up affords the comfort of thick athletic socks for gym and walking.", "Too good I'd say ... it was a great product. 100% original. 100% recommended. So I give it 5 stars and if you could give her 10 stars", "split toe and arch support are great!  Agility, style, comfort what a combination. The split toe gives an amazing balance.", "I do a lot of walking and was developing some serious pain in my feet from being on them so much.  I started wearing these shoes and within a few weeks of wearing them my feet stopped hurting completely. Can't recommend them highly enough.  I hope they never stop making them.", "I absolutely love these shoes!  They are super cute and super comfortable.  They are not too heavy at all for regular use.  I'm not a runner or anything like that, I just got them because I read they were comfortable and they are cute.  They are perfect for just wearing around school!  I'd buy again!  (And they are actually hot pink!  Not reddish like some shoes tend to be once you see them in person)", "As always Nike makes an awesome shoe.  The only thing not liked about this shoe is the areas that appear gray are accutally a shiny silver that makes the shoe look different.  It grows on you though.  Overall an excellent shoe.", "These are the most comfortable sneakers you can imagine. There is some kind of soft padding inside that gives the shoe a \"bounce\". I highly recommend these.", "A great pair of shoes for a decent price. There was nothing wrong with the shoes and the quality was great. Expected new and they were.", "I guess I'm a nike running sneak kinda guy.  These are light, comfy, and look great at the same time.thnx Nike -", "great color.  i wear ladies 8.0-9.0, mens 6.0-7.0.  wentahead got mens 7.5 D  no fit will EVER be this EXACT! half sze up.  LOVE!", "I got these for my husband and he loves them.. They are not too big and not too small. I'll do it again", "This is a nicely done retro in alternate color. It is very comfortable and the quick lace pull works nice. I like the fit and finish and support. Cool shoe and well made.", "I have had these shoes almost 3 yrs but have  worn them only  2 or 3 times because i have another pair I brought from finish line I were more often.  I noticed immediately that the  stitchings around the edges  were irregular, but didn't  think much of it until I began investigating fake vs authentic Air Jordan's 2 days ago.  Since then, I have found multiple irregularities in these shoes.  The back and top edges do not match up and the lacings are loose..  I wanted to notify Amazon That this company sold me fraudulent shoes 3 years ago. I took me 3 years to notice it.  I wonder how many other customers were scammed buy this company.....  Please investigate the company  completely..... It is too late for me, but protect future clients from this company... I still have the box and packaging.", "I'm a newbie to these Nikes, I guess i should have looked at the strap more I thought it would be a leather strap but its the type of strap that you would find on a bicycle helmet. I felt a little ripped off because I payed for a good shoe and that type of material for a strap is cheap as hell but hey I still love the shoes and im still going to wear. So just be aware of that if your not.", "I really like then there are great I would like to buy more if I cant if you have play very well", "Nike designed the Air Trainer 1 to accommodate a variety of athletic activities, making for a versatile but comfortable shoe that got particularly big in professional tennis. With a nice profile and a mid rise, the AT1 seems to combine my favourite features of the AM1 and classic Jordans, with a real nice toe strap and heel branding.While I actually prefer the OG &#8220;Chlorophyll&#8221; colourway, they also look very fresh in &#8220;Infrared,&#8221; a bolder scheme I&#8217;ve always appreciated more than the shoes it usually adorns. There are also some subtler updates such as mesh on the toe box instead of leather. I&#8217;m no sneakerhead but I know what I like and these warlocks will surely become summer jams when the polar vortex subsides.", "I love them thanks I would buy more of them I have a black pair just like these it's the only kind I wear as they don't hurt my feet", "the shoe itself is nice for what you are paying for it.  however these shoes are very very narrow and even though my foot size is 12 and these are size 13's and i dont even have them laced up they are very tight on my feet and took several days to break in", "Muy buenos zapatos para soccer, buen material, comodos y duraderos. Los recomiendo 100% Los recomiendo 100%  Los recomiendo 100% Los recomiendo 100%  Los recomiendo 100%", "shoe runs small had to return the shoes.  No problems with returns I just needed a larger size. returns made easy for these shoes", "Received them in a timely manner. My son loves them. Says they have real comfortable cushioning in the heels. We have actually had family beg for us to give them to them.", "bought this jacket for winter running, but then used it for cycling, working out, even just wearing around town as it's a nice looking light jacket. wear it with a tight compression long sleeve shirt, you'll be warm and toasty. great product!!", "These are great shoes! I love the colors, I love the fit, and the price was right too. I would recommend these shoes!", "This is my 2nd pair of these sneakers.  I am a longterm runner (decades) which means I have numerous injuries gathered through the years.  These shoes seem to help me keep injuries at bay.  I do recommend them and the color is sweet.", "My grandson was very thankful for these shoes and he done very well in track the shoes gave him that fast speed", "This shoe almost seems too light to be true.  Very sturdy and good looking.  Only downfall is spikes wore out much sooner than anticipated.  Second set did the same.  Overall a great shoe.", "Just simply a superb product. it holds your foot tight. it supports the joints in your foot. it breathes and dry fast if you like to run in wet terrains. i use it for hiking and soft running in the woods around my house and it is perfect. it is by far the most comfortable shoe i have had. five stars.", "Bought this thinking it would be a men's size 11, turned out to be a children's 11 (needless to say it was returned). The shoes other then being tiny, were exactly what I wanted :(", "the sneakers are nice they were delivered pretty quick but just one problem they gave me the wrong size i ordered a size 12 and they sent me a size 5y tried to find a way to contact them but you cant even do that soo now im stuck with a sneaker small enough to fit my big toe. guess a lucky someone is going to receive a gift from me....", "The Nike Shox Heritage was a good look for the shoes, sadly it was only produced in 2010 and it appears I bought one of the last of this color/style in retail.  These shoes are very attractive but maybe a little heavy for a serious runner, which I am not.  I wear a 10.5 in most shoes and these shoes are no exception and they fit and feel great.  If you can find them, buy them.", "I have four pairs of Nike Air Max sneakers. I compare the sneaker to the ones I have and on the tongue of the sneaker is not the same. It should say airmax on the tongue of the sneaker. Not air and it was not in the original box.", "These are all I wear in the summer.  I must have 10 different pair.  I do  like flip flops. They are great due to the fact that I have skinny feet so theses fit and feel fantastic.", "My 12 year old loves these sandals. As there are not many things twelve year old girls love, other than boys, I considered this purchase to be a success.", "I was worried at first because I never ordered sneakers from amazon before. It actually fit and its very comfortable.", "I had been running with the five-finger shoes for about 2 years and LOVED the way my gait changed, speed improved, and my overall increased joy in running. Alas, those things get STINKY and never really seem to wash right. Plus, they look weird. So I've been on the hunt for shoes that make you feel like you're running wild and free but don't give your toes a squicky feeling or draw stares. These are those shoes. They do lack the &#34;I can feel the pavement through the soles of my feet!&#34; aspect, but that's really not a bad thing if you, like me, are actually running on pavement 99% of the time. They provide just enough cushion that my feet don't feel tortured at the end of a run, but they don't change my natural gait and honestly feel lighter than air. The cozy fit of the fabric around the ankle keeps stones and grit out. I did have some rubbing on my heel the first run that resulted in some mean blisters, but they haven't recurred. Bottom line: these are the best shoe I've had in a long time.", "You won't be sorry. Although these are now obsolete. Nike has come out with the next generation which totally rocks as well. Enjoy foot heaven!", "I love these shoes.  I saw them on a friend and had to go buy a pair for myself.  They are a tiny bit snug around the ankle, but I think they will stretch a bit after I wear them more.  I did run in  mine because I am a light jogger and prefer a lightweight shoe.....they tread may not last long this way, but that is how it is with all lightweight running shoes that I have found.  I am going to go buy a second pair because I love them so much.  The colors are awesome and the slip-on ease is great! :)  I did buy a half size up from my normal size - FYI.  Also, my local Nike store is selling them for $49.95 - I wish Amazon's prices would match.... :)", "my size is 36-36.5 and i ordered 37 , it feels tight for the first time but then its perfect , as if I'm wearing nothing, i jugged for an hour the first time i put them on  and they were very comfortable and light and style", "When I tried these on in the store, I liked the flexibility of the sole, they pulled on like socks which was neat, and they seemed to give me an adequate cushion.  Well, after a month of wearing them, I'm very disappointed.  As walking shoes, they are great... comfortable (true to size), a little snug, but not unbearable.  As a running shoe, they are terrible. Absolutely no support, I feel like I'm running barefoot on the pavement.  I've had to switch back to traditional sneaks because there was just too much jolting to my calves/shins.", "Fit great and wear well. Ultra comfortable. Great for workouts, running, climbing, walking. Great shoes and too cute. Highly recommend.", "These shoes are one of my better buys comfortable and no tieing up shoe laces very unique great comfort walking or running I love the color as well. Very happy with this buy", "Run small but fits perfect with no socks like they are suppose to. I dislike socks and these shoes help.", "I normally wear a size 7 shoe. Ordered a 7 1/2 and it still was too short. And the tightness of the elastic around my foot and ankle was uncomfortable. I will be returning these", "I love this shoe. It fits PERFECTLY without socks and it's extremely comfortable. It's light and makes it feel natural while running. I would recommend this shoe to people with medium arches, it has PERFECT arch support and takes away the ankle pain I was feeling from my Nike Free 3.0's. I love the knit too, it's airy and allows your feet to breathe while running. These shoes are spot on and worth the money.", "My favorite workout, running, and all around shoe.  Comfort, support, and easy to wear makes this the shoe that gets the mileage.", "The colors are so pretty. I ordered my regular size 7.5 because that's all they had, and they fit perfect. They are snug on the top of the foot at first but stretch out as you wear them. Happy with my purchase.", "I absolutely love these shoes. They fit great and are soo so comfortable! I can't think of a single reason not to own a pair!", "I needed a pair of sneakers that would be comfortable for work. I stand for long periods and i must say these didnt make my feet hurt at all", "I love this shoe!! I have such a hard time finding shoes for myself.  These have great cushioning, and just feel wonderful!!  I would highly recommend these!!", "a bit heavy and clunky, but does have very good grip on the sole for snow and some ice. its pretty well padded on the inside so fit can be difficult i think you must try these on before purchasing i normally wear a size 10 so i got 10.5 and they were too loose like i needed a 9.5 but after 4 hours your feet will swell and make them very tight.", "I love my shoes they look GREAT exactly as seen in the picture, color and everything, very comfortable and airy. highly recommended", "My shoes are awesome exactly what I wanted definitely gonna be ordering a other pair soon.in a different color got anything in blue or Orange I like to match my kids youth sport team and im a coach", "I order my sneaker on the 5th and received them on the 7th. They arrived ahead of schedule and was exactly what i needed and wanted.", "I purchased these shoes to wear after bunion surgery which I just had so I haven't worn them yet - but they are to replace a pair I have worn for the past 1.5 year nearly daily which were the most comfortable shoes I've had.  I like the look of all black sports shoes - which are hard to find.  I looked at them for over a year before buying because of the initial price when they came out.  At about 1/2 the original price I am thrilled.  Might go back and get some black and red for a little pizazz!  Quick delivery and in perfect condition.  Thank you.", "Was very happy with my purchase. I have wide and flat feet and I usually have a hard time finding shoes that fit well.  I did research quite a bit before I purchased and I am happy to say they fit quite comfortably.  Would highly recommend them.", "I ordered this pair for my boyfriend and he absolutely LOVED it. The seller is absolutely amazing with replying to questions. I ordered these in 11s in the morning, but I received an email in the evening saying they were out of 11s, I was given the option to order another size, which i did in 11.5. They were so apologetic that they even shipped those shoes in expedite shipping, that night! Free of charge may I add! I got these mainly because my boyfriend plays basketball, which he say they are very comfortable. You can order your normal shoe size or a half size bigger and it would still be fine! I would recommend this seller and this product to anyone!", "I love the shoes. I Would recommend these shoes for anyone. A great feeling shoe for training or any running activities", "they are the best shoes ever createdi would recommend another fangood at jumpingfive star for a reason", "Great quality boot and very fashionable. They last a long time, comfortable, and keep your feet dry in rain and snow. My boyfriend wears these to work and out on date night.", "Great purchase.  Love these shoes!  color is great, and the price wasn't to bad.  going to order another pair.  My new favorite shoe.", "Simply put I got what I ordered. I knew my size, plus I had experience in buying shoes through or by amazon and the first shoe I bought was a little too big so I knew the next time the shoe what size I had to purchase. However I got in enough time for what I need it for.", "Excellent shoes, these are the most comfortable shoes I had in the while.The conture and the molding fits your feet like magic.  I would strongly recommend for people to get these shoes, excellent all around, thanks KMP", "these shoes are affordable and good quality. i recommend these shoes to everyone who needs new ones. they are great", "All together, this is an acceptable shoe. I had the 2010 hyperdunks for my basketball season. I like the look and all, but throughout the season the shoes started to rip on the outside edge. Also the paint of the design on the side of the edge would smear. Honestly I am fond these shoes and they feel good to wear; however, if you are looking for a quality basketball shoe I would recommend trying to find a different shoe.", "I was suggested this shoe when I went for a personalized running shoe fitting.  I had seen this shoe before and enjoyed the style so, it was on my list of \"maybes\" already.When I got fitted it was first noticed that I have a fairly flexible foot.  But I pronated when I ran.  This means I need a little more support than normal.  Luckily it was not enough to need inserts, just a more structured shoe.  In comes the Nike Triax Structure 14.I compared this shoe against 5 others and it fit my foot the best.  Brooks were too stiff, Saucony were loose in the front of the foot, New Balance didn't \"hold\" my heel.  But that's my foot, not yours.Overall, I love this shoe.  Works great for me.  Quality is top notch.  It's light, breathes well.  Great colors.  It's NIKE.", "shoes came as ordered, the said order a whole size bigger but nobody had that size at all. hard to find. so i went with a half size bigger. they are a little snug but stretched out now and are great. love them. very happy these shoes were out of stock everywhere", "Too sad... I thought it was the same number that i use my nike shoes... It really dessapoint me. Not fit at all.", "I was EXTREMELY happy with my order :) thanks so much. it came on time and i saved money :)", "took an XL when I usually wear a large.  Bought for cold weather runnning.  Appears to be perfect for that. (haven't had a chance to use it yet that why 4 stars) Not real thin like the lady windfly jacket which I also love when its not quite so cold.  But when it's zero outside and windy the windfly wasn't quite enough for me but I am not a hard core runner anymore.  Just a couple of miles.  Storm fly could also be a nice jacket to wear to the store too.", "Do not worry whether these trainers will fit your feet. I bought it to my wife and she reckoned it is perfect for walking or running even on pavement. One important alert: one good pair of proper socks is essential!", "These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned.  I have a black pair of 2009 Nike Air Max and I was wearing those everyday for a year before I broke down and bought these!  You can't go wrong with these shoes.  I'm flat footed and have absolutely no problems with my feet hurting when I wear these.", "What is the size of this shoe?plz give us more info..and what color is available..??can i used it for bike??tnx..", "My mother and i recently bought these shoes to use as we work out on our wii! We have the wii fitness and the wii zumba dance and a few other active wii games and wanted a light weight shoe that was comfortable and had a little grip to them and these shoes are our answer!!", "Beautiful shoe, very hard to find. Recieved many compliments on it.Only gripe the green is very shiny and in certain lights has a gold sheen to it.But on the plus side it's very comfortable and super cute.", "I couldn't decide on which socks to get these the Nike Dri-Fit Quarter Socks Extra Large 3 pack at $14.48 with $6.50 shipping or the Dockers Men's 6-Pack Athletic Quarter Socks at the cost of $12.88 and prime free shipping so I ordered both and received them yesterday and this is what I think now I wear a size 9 and based on all the reviews of the socks being too small or snug I decided to get the extra-large for the Nike Dri-Fit, Surprise Surprise there to small stretched tight they will go on, not comfortable though , the left and right is ok I guess no big  deal but what you have to think about is if they don't fit what are you going to do with them like in my case at $6.50 for shipping both ways that's $13.00 not worth sending back will wind up giving them away to somebody. So this is 1 star.Next I tried the Dockers socks sizes 6 to 12, it was a great fit going on ,I wore them all day at work and love them they breath good and are comfortable, and if you don't like them no shipping!I give them 4 stares not amazing but for the price - comfortable- quality - no shipping charge there worth it.The quest will not end!", "I wear a size 13 1/2 shoe and these fit perfectly. Would not want to have a much larger foot but for me these are the best. I wear them for work, hiking, sports, etc. Recommended for active folks!", "if you have bid feet like me , these are the socks to get . fits just right , not too big and not too tight . get them !! i command thee !!!", "These socks have great moisture-wicking capabilities and feel great to wear, but they're tight in the ankle for someone who is a size 13.", "I ordered X-large. They are, at best, medium. Much too tight for my size 13 feet. A 2X might work if they had one.", "Fair price for a very good product. Socks feel great on my feet, just be careful when doing laundry as you'll need to make sure you pair them up correctly", "great socks to wear while working out, gives you an added sense of comfort.i've brought the white and black socks.", "The Nike DryFit socks are always nice for casual athletic needs. I wear these golfing and can't say enough good things about them. They do what they need to and they do it well. I can tell they are much better at moisture management than basic cotton socks.", "The only running shoe I wear is the Nike Free & I have never had an issue with sizinz, but these run small.  My toes smash into the front of the shoe.  I also expectd a bit more support in the HYPERTrainer.", "I really like these shoes.  I wear them all the time.  They are comfortable,light weight and my feet do not hurt after wearing them!  The other plus that I have found is I can even wear them with my ankle brace and they still fit perfectly!", "Ordered  one size too large and still toe touching end of shoe!Cute shoe but too short- will have to order 2 sizes too big next time!", "This is one of my favorite Air Max sneaker. It fits perfect, very comfortable and it gives you height. The colors are go girly and cute. I love being stylish in sneakers.", "I like the shoes but Nike really blew on the sizing for these.  I don't know what it is with Nike but every once in a while, I find a style that runs really small.  I usually wear an 11.5-12 and I probably need an 12.5-13 in this shoe.  For me, these run easily a size to size and a half small.  These shoes also are narrow.  Style is nice but the fit is horrible.", "These Air Jordan L'Style II sneakers are made by Nike.Although the Air Jordan L'Style II was not constructed for basketball, they look fashionable and sporty. This colorway looks equally good withCargo Shortsor, my fave -Levi's 505 JeansPROS:The Air Jordan L'Style II features a high-cut design, soft leather upper with visible Air pocket, clean midsole, and an Air Jordan 'winged' logo on the heel.The sneaker size runs true - I wear size 10 and they are a perfect fit.The shoes are Medium width allowing extra comfort for wider feet and the ankle support is as phenomenally comfortable!These Air Jordan L'Style II sneakers are comfortable, durable and stylish - Definitely 5 STARS!Hope this review was helpful ... Jeffrey A. (Jeff)", "Love my new sneakers. These replaced a pair of FILA Ninety Six Triple Blacks that I have had for the past 5 years that I bought at a store in Norfolk VA.I wanted another pair of black sneakers and thank God Nike still makes an all black sneaker since the FILA triple blacks are discontinued.They arrived a week before the time deadline, and excepting for these 2 rubber straps that I have no clue where it goes on the shoe, fit me just perfectly. I am wearing these as I write this review. They are very comfortable after the break-in period off-course, and yes I will recommend them to everyone looking for a nice pair of sneakers.", "Very comfortable but very minute mistakes all over my left shoe.  The right one looked fine, but the left one had sewing errors and manufacturing defects.  I'm sure it's not the seller, just Nike.  I promptly returned the shoes with no hassle.", "This is in my opinion Lebrons best looking shoe. Its heavier then most basketball shoes out there but its extremely comfortable. There is a lot off cushioning in the front of the sole for your toes, the heels and the tongue itself.The shoes came brand new as stated but i was a little disappointed that the box was damaged. Def worth buying if your prefer comfort over light weight", "Bought them for my son, couldn't have asked for better boot to keep him warm and dry whether it was raining or snowing.", "I love my boots! They fit more comfortable once I broke them in & they go with almost anything. Thanks!", "I am 6'3\" and ordered these in XL. On me, they are not 3/4 pants, more like basketball shorts. Still, besides the length, they fit nicely and the material feels pleasant.", "Nice shoes, beatiful and elegant, I like itI don't know how much resistant are because I did't bought it for play basketball, I use it only for daily use.", "My son says these boots are warm and comfortable. He doesn't drive, lives in the NorthEast, and walks to & from work (approx. 5 miles) most days. These boots keep his feet warm, dry, and comfortable. Will probably order more for next winter.", "I was really happy when I received my shox. The product was in perfect condition and I seriously received it in just a couple of days. The shoes ended up being a little too small for me. So I was planning on returning them and buying the next size up as soon as possible. Unfortunately, the seller doesn't pay for return shipping. I was quite unhappy to find that out. And what's more is that I've already returned the shoes, but I have yet to receive my refund. I would've been happy if there was just a little more customer service.", "I have had these for over 4yrs now and these are by far the best tennis shoes I have ever owned. They have not torn any and I where them almost everyday except in the summer time.", "When I first saw these air force 1s I had to get them ;) They were brand new out the box and fresh white which is how I intend to keep them for a long time. Anyone that has worn a pair of air force 1s know how they look at and feel on your feet!", "Nike and the Jordan brand really did a great job with this retro release. Bringing back that classic white cement Air Jordan retro 3, yes the same one Jordan used in the 1988 slam dunk contest, the sneaker is almost an exact replica of the 1988 version. Quality is almost flawless, which is much better then many of Jordan's recent retro releases. These 3's are a must have for any sneakerhead or collectors out there.", "hello my deduction is that they are the best air jordan retro I recommend are very comfortable and very nice to go out to the street or playing basketball I recommend 100%.", "the fit was perfect and the shoes arrived as expected .....shoes were exactly what was described wouldnt hesistate to buy again", "Only problem was the package was dropped off at my front door while no one was home and it could have gotten stolen, that is unacceptable", "I love these shoes ... color and the combination is great .. nike is nike ... I'm thinking about buying another in another color combination", "Not very comfortable one.... but looks nice..to heavy.. and also the size was a little small that I owned...and came in not original box..I was thinking that it would be better...", "Arrived on time even throught all the snow storms all over the state. It also fits my little one perfect still has room to grown in them.", "The boots are extremely light and when you pick them up you are shocked they are so light. My Lady loves them.  Virtually waterproof and keep her feet very dry she loves them.  We live in a snowy winter area and she has no complaints.", "Well made and great fit.  My daughter is a &#34;flyer&#34; so the base girls are happy that this shoe doesn't rip up their hands..  SUPER soft sole", "We found the shoe to be much heavier than expected. It's probably fine just as a sideline cheer shoe, but way too heavy for any type of competitive cheer. We returned them.", "I've been getting my son Nike's for years because they are wide, these are perfect fitting, but the seam came undone already.", "just as advertised the correct color and everything.  I purchased a pair off of Ebay and it was not as describe very comfortable.", "Great looking shoes, I get so much compliments when wearing these. But they get hot inside so if you play ball or any sports in them, it will get sweaty very quick.", "Love it! fits really nice, looks really good on my feet and it is different to most 'ole skool' shoes on the market", "I let these shoes slip away in my teen years and almost did again just recently. I get compliments when I wear them. Two thumbs up", "I bought these thinking they were the two part shoe I had back in the day. These are sewn together one part shoes that make no sense. They don t transfer impact the way the old ones did.", "Fit (ready for this one?)..... Like a glove...... Great shoe couldn't be more happy with my purchase. Had people stop me and ask about.", "Just like the nike hyper flight, their great I just wish I got the right size! Great shoes in my opinion though.", "I bought it last year for my daughter.  It looks well up to now.  It is not very fashionable  but It is more durable.  It is a wise purchase.", "This is a great classic Nike sneaker. Fits to size, comfortable, great all around shoe. Bought for my daughter who is very happy with them", "Excellent, the article is fit as expected. On time as expected. I recommend. Thanks a lot. Marcelo.  See you next time", "I think these shoes are closer to a size 11 than 11-1/2 as my toes are right up to the front of the shoe.", "This shoe fits perfect.  I have a narrow foot and it wraps around my foot.I usually wear a 5-5 1/2 so this shoe must run a bit small. It is light in weight and very comfortable.Mary LouNew Jersey", "I bought these for my husband who golfs and he is size 10 and a half in shoes but these socks do not disappear below the ankle but clearly comes up too high and clearly leaves very ugly tan line right around the ankle!!!", "not strong  all.  The nike socks I buy at Macy's last for years but these got holes in the heels after 1 summer", "when i used my new NIKE Air Max i thought it will be like the old on Nike Air Max 2but the old one was much better the shock absorbing is not not as good as the old onei have used it twice outdoor its much better than some other brands in the market but sure its not consideredthe best ........", "das;flj a;dlkfjads fakldjfadl; f;lakdjfa;l df ad;lkjfa;ldskjf ;aldkjfa;ldsk f;akldfjdkhguerngv fdgrn crifncjdgn fcjgfna gfrvgam v pfagnafdjn apds;lf a;dsklfjadnmc mcoapindmf mcapu;dfds ccaioncaipom fcmaudjfa fahcn", "The are great futsal shoes, the feel is good and they are really comfortable. the only problem is the durability, expected them to last much more, like 4-6 months only", "i like it , the shoes are very nice , i like it , i like it. . . .", "This is my second pair of Air Gatos- I rocked the first as my dailies for about three years. This pair is not quite as supple, but otherwise exactly what you would expect- comfortable and good looking, but it runs AT LEAST a full size too small, maybe even a size and a half.Since this is not an amazon.com item, I had to pay shipping to return it for the proper size.  If you're not sure about the size, maybe Zappos.com because they have free shipping both ways.", "I loved playing in these shoes. They are super light compared to the Adidas Sambas i had. I really never liked Nike but these shoes i like. I was going to get the Adidas Predators but they were sold out. good for shooting and great grip on the pitch.", "these are totally acceptable shoes, but by todays standard, i think there is a lot higher quality of shoe out there, for its price its good.", "My so absolutely loves these shoes, he wears them for indoor soccer, and for day to day wear!They run a little small that's it :)", "Nice snug fit and is well made. I tend to wear a t shirt underneath as the fleece liner tends to make me itch in a few places. This could be as I am more sensitive to materials than other people. Other than that it is a great product.", "BUENA CONCEPCION DEL PRODUCTO, MATIENE REALMENTE CALIENTE LA TEMPERATURA CORPORAL EN LOS DIAS DE ENTRENAMIENTO CON FRIO. FUE ENTREGADO EN EL TIEMPO ESTABLECIDO SIN CONTRATIEMPOS, Y VALE CADA CENTAVO PAGADO POR ESTA PRENDA.", "These are wonderful. I was concerned about the size before I purchased them but they fit great. I was also impressed with how fast they arrived.", "Well made, my son loves them and so do I. Great quality and price. Would by them again.  Great buy.", "I happened upon a pair of these shoes by accident. (Long story short - I was \"stuck\" in Portland, OR for a month, so I went to a lot of Goodwill's with a friend to pass the time.) I had never seen this style of Nike before, and they looked like pretty good shoes, so I bought them. A week later I finally put them on...I absolutely love these shoes! I love to walk on trails with them, as the bottom of the shoe grips whatever it comes in contact with, which gives me a lot of confidence in my stepping. Also, my feet aren't the least bit tired after wearing them all day. *These may be a couple of years old (I didn't see a goretex tag on mine) but I have nothing bad to say about this great pair of shoes :)", "My husband was soooo excited to get these, couldn't yet get them in the States, so a little apprehensive about how long it would take to get them.  Nice surprise, we got them within a week of ordering.  Not so nice surprise, they were NOT waterproof.  Despite being Gore-Tex, the right sneaker was faulty and leaked, his whole foot getting soaked.  He works out in the elements and we've had a week of pouring rain, and sadly, still dealing with wet feet.  They're going back, but ANOTHER not so nice aggravation: having to pay return shipping to the UK.  SO FRUSTRATING.", "These J's are very comfy. I just say that they should come with shorter laces. The shoe is a low, right? The color is up to anyone's descretion. I have a friend who has the grey and white and the soles and white panels are different. Max Air J's are the way to have some sweet kicks. I only have had the shoes for 1 week. I'll make  another review in 8 months or so. I chose the colors in respect to Mike's years at UNC with the Tar Heels basketball program. The Cmft Max Airs are getting rarer and rarer everyday. The package came to me in 6 days so the seller did a great job; it was fast. Well good luck on finding a shoe in your size. Peace.", "Beware that unlike some other sport slides, there is no velcro flap to adjust.  I found that for me the size ran about one size too small.  I liked it enough however, that I reordered in next size up.", "Bought these as a gift and when he put them on he was amazed by the comfy cushioned solesThe package arrived earlier than anticipatedThe product exceeded seller discriptionI will definately be buying more of these", "My last pair of these were the older version with less durability as these and they lasted 6 years So hopefully these last just as long. They look 10x Bete than my last pair.", "So far so good.  Good price and comfortable.  Now to see how long they last.  accurate to the size.  What else can you say about a slide on.", "Very soft comfortable shoe, I normally wear 14's but they were too loose and fell off easily. I ordered 2 more pair after getting these", "Awesime shoe.My sons favorite color.He was so happy I found them in orange.We luve in a small tiwn and hate driving so far to bot find what he wants.So happy we found them online and were shipped so fast", "Just what I was looking for.  Comfortable and true to size.  I am happy with my purchase. Not much else to say but required to use certain number of words.", "This product  is perfect for poolside. The size is spot on.  This shoe is very comfortable. I would buy this product again.", "amazing... I can't beleive that these are that cool and comfortable, I absalutly love them and wish I had more.", "The cushioning on the sole and upper is great, the size in length was perfect. The only problem is that my foot is wide/thick and this sandal was made for very narrow feet, so the strap is too small for my foot and causes some discomfort", "item was just what i needed comfortable n light weight would recommend this item to any one. worth the price", "These are very comfortable sandals, almost as comfortable as the LeBron James sandals. I love the colors. Will have to get more colors. I currently have 4 pairs of these. I'm a big sandal guy.", "Great football Cleats. The ankle support is unparalelled. They are heavy, especially for a wide reciever cleat, but after doing workouts in them, and practices My legs are strong and I am running at full speed and burning people off the line. If you need ankle support then these are the best I have used.", "These weee too small for my child. But that's my fault I guess for trying to order from half way across the world.", "Excellent for sporting practice, my daughter love it and use it every time she play tennis . looks great, very confortable , light and great looking.", "The shoes Are perfect and one of a kind and the shipper sent them right away . No delay !!!!!", "great looking shoe, a little snug but they loosen up. had a couple of Air Max 1's these are the best so far", "Just received these the other day.  They look good and fit true to size.  However, if you have wide feet, be aware that they are somewhat narrow.", "The shoes is coming exactly as they display in the web page.  I enjoy wearing it and it's comfortable. There's a tiny gray dot coming at the tip of the left shoe but that's okay as it's not easily noticeable. Overall, I like it.", "my 1st order from the states, since i live in germany. shoe's are nice as expected.super good feeling just NIKE.... super satisfied!!", "I don't use it yet but it's good ! The color still bright like a new one. Doesn't like a second hand.", "The grey and gold are somewhat shiny/reflective which make the shoe look rare (good rare) from different angles. The red letters are quite good-looking. Very stylish.", "great shoe!! My feet wide and the shoe lace is a little bit short so I hope I can get longer shoe laces like the ones it came with,the shoe it self is Awesome!!!!", "The shoes box was destroyed. Def not to ahoy about that. But the shoes themselves were just as described and looked great. I'd suggest double boxing them before shipping.", "Now is the time to get yourself a pair of red shoes!  and what better product than from NIKE?! They are comfortable, they are eye-catchin', and people (I promise) will want to know WHERE THE HECK YOU GET DOZE, DUDE?! You can't get these in the stores - unless you pay a LOT more money.", "I was looking for a pair of basketball shoes that is of course Nike, and not too expensive. I found this product with a very good price for my wallet and the best thing about it, it's a perfect fit! I'm very satisfied and happy about my purchase as well as with the delivery too! Thanks a lot! :)", "Very comfortable and nice ventilation! I use these shoes for all of my \"work out\" needs from running to cycling. I've had a ton of compliments!", "Very comfortable running shoes. They offer unrivaled support and I have had them for months now and they hardly show any wear at all. (I run in these 10-15 miles a week). The colors are still vibrant and still look and function perfect!", "They are very comfortable for exercise and walking. I couldn't have ordered anything better sitting at home without even trying out anything.", "I feel comfortable in this pair of shoes, but if you want to run outside better look for a pair with more support.", "My wife got me these for Christmas.  I run between 30 and 60 minutes, 2-3 times a week.  Once in a while I will sign up for a 10K.  So I am a casual runner, but will go 60 minutes with these on.  They are the closest thing to running barefoot I have ever felt.  They are super light and have good cushioning.  Plus they breath very well.  No complaints here.  No pains except for muscle pains from pushing myself...  I have gotten used to running with these and then went back to my regular running shoes with more support and a thicker sole.  My old shoes felt like anchors on my feet.  I was not a Nike fan for running shoes and was an avid Adidas fan, but these shoes have me SOLD on the Nike FREE's.The other big advantage is that when you travel you can flatten these down (they have no heel support) in the suitcase and are great to travel with.  Regular running shoes take up a lot of space in my suitcase, so I am thinking of getting another pair just for travel purposes.", "My 15 year old son purchased this shoe and has owned Nike all his life.  He decided now to use this shoe as his running shoe and casual shoe.  My son has high arches.  After 3 weeks he developed arch problems which quickly became significant.  He plays soccer for a US Development Academy and thought the arch injury was from his sport.  Our sports md said it was the shoes and pointed to the disclaimer that is right inside the lid of the box.  All explained beautifully.  Describing that some people should start out using this shoe a few hours a day...etc.  I wish the salesperson would of told us that.  1 week later; still training the same; his arches are better in a different shoe.", "I have been very pleased with all the Pro Combat products I've purchased and this is no exception.  The mock top is a great fit (I'm 6'4\" (194cm) and the sleeve and torso length are perfect), very warm and extremely comfortable.I'm planning on picking up another one here in the near future.", "At first, I was worried about the quality of this outdated Lebron 8 shoes. But it is very good in all respects. Let's go LBJ!!!", "These nikes are very comftorable they are a bit tight i recomend getting 1 size bigger but all in all its a nice product and are very good lookin with anything from shorts to jeans to skinny jeans best shoe iv got in my closet", "I love Shox, as they are the most comfortable sneaker made (IMHO). They are the only sneaker that I buy for myself, and now for my mother, husband and mother-in-law. This shoe was priced right and fits like a dream.", "For a size 13 shoe it runs alittle small so if you wear a 12.5 or 12 and like some breathing room this shoe is perfect. Performance wise they were great and kind of look like the LeBron that can out that same year just alittle more basic obviously.", "This is my third pair of Nike Zooms. I have tried other high stability running shoes in between and always end up returning to the Nike Zoom. I am a 6'0 tall woman and run 15-20 miles per week. I am flat footed and over pronate and these shoes provide great stability and comfort!", "I would never run in these, but I use them for the gym--they have good stability.  They run narrow.  If you have wide feet do NOT get these.", "I thought these glasses were great the first time I bought them so I bought another. Shipped in great condition. Will have these as long as they keep making them.", "These sunglasses are really nice. Played golf in them this weekend, they are clear as can be and very comfortable!", "For the cost of these shoes ($120) the soles wore out in 4 mos. and the air pockets leaked air causing the shoe to squeak...poor quality.", "I chose this rating because I've never had a more comfortable pair of sandals! These are amazing and have wonderful cushion. The gladiator design makes it sturdy and great for walking long distances, which is really important as a New Yorker. I also get non-stop compliments on them - they're so stylish and you would never think they're Nike! They only took one day to break in and I am thinking about buying the other colors!", "the shoes are very nice and kool and for that price cant say no more very happy espacily my wife on the deal jaaaaaa", "Everything was great, fast shipping, exact shoes, awesome price and true to size. Good for basketball or fashion wear. They also threw in a free running/walking arm band that's fits an iPod. Highly Recommend", "I use for two sports and they have held up well. Run a bit small though, so may want to consider half a size larger. Very lightweight but not the greatest comfort.", "I absolutely love these shoes. Ordered them for my 6 yr old daughter. They are the cutest thing ever. Order also arrived fast. 5 star rating and a big thumbs up!!", "i always skated nike sb cuz they last a long time...i haven't skated this shoe yet bt it looks awesome!", "Nice shoes i love it! Want to wear it everyday thank you amazon for this beautiful shoes fit with your pants", "Man, I love these shoes. They're so stylish. It probably isn't the most comfortable shoe in the world but, it just may be the coolest!", "My son has been wearing Janoski's since they came out and we know his size, these shoes, seemed to be almost 2 different sizes between the left and right, and were far more narrow than normal.", "My son love this shoes. I actually was looking for another one same color to buy seriously. We love nike shox", "The length (or size) is ok but the instep is too tight. It might be good if you have very narrow feet.", "the shoe runs true to size.i didn't like that the swoosh was plastic and sticks out alittle.over all ok.no problem with seller.", "These sock fit great and I love that you know which foot to put them on.  Its said right and left.  Veery comfortable.", "The smell of the leggings is terrible. I washed them twice and they still stink...I would have been better off buying some from Walmart. .", "this is my second pair of these shoes, the instant my shin splints returned I knew it was time to order a new pair. They are very light, yet very supportive", "My son wore these and then I got them after some wear.  The wide fit is very comfortable.  This model of shoe actually got me started running again after years of being afraid I'd re-injure knees. No problems so far, and no painful joints after runs.  Be sure to get the type that are tongueless because the ones with a separate tongue allow the tongue to work its way to the outside of the foot.  Also know you will pick up small gravels in the deep grooves of the souls.  Kinda annoying.", "Great for walking, would not recommend for running. This is my fifth pair - i like the look and feel of this shoe. Also good for improving foot strength.", "I like the style.Got the Black since the store did'nt have my size (9 1/2) in white color.I was hoping to get both of them.I have several collections of the original Nike \"Air Jordan\" shoes.Still in the box.", "I bought these for my husband for Christmas along with a high top pair. A winter summer type of gift. The high tops didn't get wore even in the winter. He said these were so light and comfortable that he loved them. We will definitely get a new pair when these wear out. He has been wearing these nonstop 6 months just about and they are still like new and he is hard on shoes.", "Very comfortable pair of sneakers . .. Only problem is that its very dificult to slip your foot in . .. wear i thin pair of sock!!!", "Have been wearing for 18 months. A little bit heavy, but nice for both indoor and outdoor. Also good for jeans.", "Authentic Nike packaging, great colorway and arrived on est ship date. Since more words are required for review I wish I can find matching gear for the \"chlorine blue\".", "It was good to go. Nice shoe and fit well. It was what i expected. I would recomend to anyone as a good buy.", "I picked these shoes up for my wife and she couldn't be happier with the fit and feel. The shoes arrived way earlier than the original shipping estimate that they quoted and were exactly what she ordered. Thanks!", "la chaqueta espectacukar, muy encantada con los productos sigan asi de responsables asi no perderan clientes, feliz contenta, solo q envian paquetes muy grandes traten de enviar en paquetes compactos gracias", "My job requires me to be on my feet all day, hauling kegs and cases of beer, so good shoes are pretty important. Bought my first pair from a brick and mortar store. They worked great and held up longer than my previous pair of work shoes. Finally worked em to death and needed a new pair. The store didn't have the size I needed so I got the new ones from here. Two shifts in and I'm glad I bought a second pair.", "just what I expected! I will buy them again next time as well. They are great for most sports events.", "I've been wearing this brand for at least 10 years, because they are the most comfortable sneaker I ever wore. Just try them on in a store and you won't want to take them off, but they make you, I tried !  I sometimes feel embarrassed by the darn loud squeak and wondered why they don't fix that problem. I just read some reviews and see that many have that complaint, now I can fix that audio problem. Yay, I was thinking about going on a hunt for a different brand due to that, but I'm glad that I checked them out again, just to see an old friend sort of thing. !!  So, buy a pair, fix the squeek with powder and you will be walking on a well supported cloud . I do have to say that the company should be powdering the shoes themselves though", "I changed this pair after my old 35$ shoes started giving me sore feet and the difference is very clear. the shoes fit very comfortably and look nice too. they are good for what they made it for and I even wear it to my university and its comfortable even in long days.", "I liked the looks of the shoe but it's size ran so small that I couldn't try wearing it to know if it felt nice to walk in.  It might deserve a higher star rating but can't judge it due to size. I normally wear a 9 and this was a 10 and still too small.", "I got the shoes as a present for a friend, he said its like walking on air, he loves it. Thank you.", "I got this shoes for my husband and he loves it.  It is a great casual and comfortable shoes for an everyday use.", "Expecting it little sleek- comfort is okay not great. I purchased as I have injured my leg, so if you have same situtaion you can use these for some time not for regular use is what i felt", "My husband likes the fit although he has two of these pair that after a short time start to squeak when he walks so then he orders a new pair.  He likes the fit I think they break down too quickly for the shoes to start squeaking as soon as they do.", "What a shame!  All of the other Nike shoes that my husband has purchased over the years, the Size 8 fits him perfectly! Ordered a Size 8 here and they are too small.  So, we've spent $8.95 for in shipping costs for the first pair, if we choose to re-order in a larger size, another $8.95 in shipping charges, PLUS the shipping cost to send back the TOO SMALL SHOES!!  Very poor customer service!  After all that, we will have paid 1.5 times the cost for one pair of shoes.  BOOOOOOOO!!!", "I was looking for a decent shoe with plenty of cushion on the sole. I wear these at work and have been happy with them.", "Absolutely zero complaints with this shoe.  I've had many pairs of the Nike Monarch through the years as they are the most comfortable multi sports shoe I've found.  My main use now, as I get up in the years is for walking, 3-6 miles a day.  I'll continue to purchase these as long as NIKE makes them.  Highly recommend these to anyone that wants to pamper their feet.", "ABSOLUTE WORST SHOE EVER! Each time I take a step there's an annoying squeak that announces my arrival wherever I go. The sound is more irritating than pushing a store cart down the aisle with a bad wobbling wheel. I have 2 pairs of these shoes and both squeak terribly loud. Even the recommended POWDER remedy did not work. I have made several attempts to powder the inner sole but it did nothing to stop the noise. Gee thanks Nike!", "Very perplexing. I bought both a black pair and a white pair.BOTH squeak. While for the money, it is a very good shoe....good support. padding in all areas, etc., they are embarrassing to wear any place other than the tennis court, ball field, etc. I have had them for over 6 months and still, squeaky. Actually, it's more like you have something sticky on the bottom of your shoes. Too bad, because they are comfortable and long lasting. However, due to the sticky squeaking, not worth it.", "Most comfortable shoe made. I am diabetic and wear these shoes in both white and black. The only shoe that I wear!", "The squeek, which was loud and annoying from the outset, has progressed from bad to worse and keeps on progressing.  They're so loud now that I refuse to wear them in public.  Nike should be ashamed.", "GREAT FIT, COMFORTABLE SHOE. MY SON IS PLEASED. HE SAYS HE WILL RECOMMEND IT AND WE ARE ALSO IMPRESSED WITH YOUR DELIVERY TIME. THANK YOU", "A bit of all right,badly in need of comfortable shoes,and the price was spot on.These are very comfortable,and wear more often as anything else.", "Very comfortable and they fit well. They also look very nice on. I wear them at work for the  comfort.", "I have bought this same model twice. These shoes are very comfortable for walking and hiking. I recommend these shoes for people who like long walks.", "Very comfortable. I saw complaints about this sneaker squeaking but I had no problem with squeaks. Perfect fit. I would buy them again.", "there was an unexpected break in period that surprised me. i even had to place bandaids on my heels during this period.not so with my old stand bys dr scholls.", "The shoe is very well made and is as advertised. My problem is I have wide foot (EEE) which no one seems to produce much anymore. I had a pair of similar shoes that fit fine, but that was following a painful period of waiting for the shoe to stretch.", "Love the quality, price and style of this tennis shoe.  The fit my feet perfectly so I'm really looking forward to wearing them.", "These shoes are ugly.  Those are different comparing with the photo appears in amazon.  The quality does not seem good.  I do not recommend to buy it.", "Some of the most comfortable shoes I've worn.  I'm standing for at least 5 hours at work.  These shoes are so comfortable my feet do not hurt at all.", "Air Monarchs are the only shoes wide enough for me to be comfortable when walking and were recommended by my podiatrist.  Not any more.  I insisted he take them off his list of recommended shoes.  After a few weeks they squeak so loudly they are useless to do anything except yard work.  I have seen the complaint over and over and Nike seems to offer no solutions or changes.  These shoes are crap and Nike doesn't care.  Buy anything else but don't waste your money on these.", "This is a comfotable shoe with bold looks, comfortable towear all day, feel like a slight sponge effect to cushion the foot. The one drawback to this shoe is the squeak that has developed in the left shoe that occurs with every step. Other than that good value for the money.", "This is my third pair in the last for years. I like them because I am able to replace the insert with my own special made inserts. It is about the only shoe I have found to do this.", "I bought these shoes for general walking around they fit well and have good support. They did take some time to break in but are comfortable now. Some people complained of squeaking but I have not experienced this.", "Nike makes a great shoe.The sizing remains constant across the years with Nike, they fit everytime.What a comfortable walking shoe. Every stride has a soft landing with good support offering a stable platform. The sole has good traction even in sub-freezing weather (Can't say they are very warm).I highly recommend this shoe for people who enjoy walking.", "I bought these for a friend who had worn out his last pair. It's the only brand & style he wears. Loves them!", "They look great and fit just right. Good deal and awesome price for what I got. Comfortable and just right", "Excelentes producto, recomiento las nike monarcas muy comodas y livianas, la talla se ajusto perfectamente al tama&ntilde;o de mis pies, la recomiento 100%", "This is my second pair. My first pair started to squeek after a few weeks. I wore them for over a year and finaly it was time to buy new shoes. I really wanted new shoes mainly because of the god awefull squeek in both my shoes. Why I was foolish enough to purchase them again? Well they are very comfortable and have great arch support. I have plantar fasciitis in both feet and as walk 5 to 15 miles a day in my job so comfortable shoes are important. I could not find a pair of shoes in my size that felt right and the shoe sales persons assured me they have not had complaints on this shoe and it was a fluke or flaw in the pair I had. I bought these shoes on Tuesday, did not work on Wednesday, the left shoe has started to squeek, its Friday 2 days of wear and the dreaded squeek has reared its ugly head. I live rather close to Nike HQ and try to support my local businesses but I will not buy another Nike product, im over it.", "I normally wear a size 11D shoe but these were more like a 10.5.  If you buy these, I recommend going to a wider size and maybe even up a half size to be comfortable.", "I have to say when I received my shoes I didn't expect them to be perfect, but they were! I intend to order more shoes soon! Thank You amazon.com!", "The shoes are tight on the sides. I expect it out of new shoes. They have to be broken in.", "I recommend these shoes because they are leather and have  a basic design without all the flashy nonsense with strange colors.", "I have been buying this shoe for the last ten years. This by far is the worst one. Since I work overseas, I knew iy it would be almost impossible to return. But right out of the box, both of the shoes had problems with the soles and squeak all the time. I just have to live with for now.", "Yes they squeak after a few weeks or months. But that is easily cured and they are still the most comfortable pair of shoes I own. To stop squeaks simply lift up the insole a little at any point, and apply about 1tbsp baby powder. That's all it takes to instantly kill the noise. I've had to re-apply the powder after a few months but it continues to work immediately and lasts several months.With the noise out of the way these are great shoes. Comfortable, and so far pretty sturdy although one shoe is having the sole pull away at the tip but just a little and only after a year of use. They are light shoes, and if you don't want a shoe that looks like some 12yr old designed to impress his friends then these are the shoes for you.", "I have had this shoe in the past. I liked it so well I decided to get another pair. If they last as the previous ones did they will be well worth the money spent.", "Husband really likes this Nike shoe for work! Great support, comfortable and in a wide width! Will purchase this shoe again. Thanks", "squeaks like crazy .Thank god the store took these back after a month because they where the most noisy embarrassing sneaker i have ever owned.  DO NOT buy this shoe. sloppy and embarrassing. it would have cost me More time and money to ship them back and wait for Nike to inspect the shoe then it was worth. Shame on nike for selling a know defective product.", "Great shoes! These seem to have more heel cushioning than other similar shoes, and we're very effective at lessening foot pain, right out of the box!", "Its bigger than I expected. im not a USA resident so i cant change it for another size. I will leave the country on 16 th of May.", "March 2013 - Purchased Nike Air Monarch at Dick's Sporting Goods.  Took about 3 weeks before the right one (why the right, like the majority of other reports?) started squeaking.  Partially helped by removing insoles and placing a Dr. Scholl's insole, but remaining squeak still loud enough to generate stares and \"haven't paid for the shoes yet\" jokes.  Dick's will not acknowledge any problem or have a solution.  I will try to contact Nike, but doubt that they will do anything.  Wish I had read the reviews before purchasing.", "My husband is very happy with the fit and the look. he said they are very comfortable. again I am very happy with the product", "My son loves this shoe.  It is somewhat tighter than other Size 11's that he always buys, but it is a great shoe and good looking.  He previously had the same shoe and it wears well.", "Only shoe my husband wears for work.Have been buying these for years.True to size fit. Good value ,good quality.Low price.", "The previous 4 years I've worn through 2 pairs of Brooks Addiction shoes. They're comfortable, provide good support, and can pass as 'business casual' while still wearing like sneakers.  Recently my 2nd pair of Addictions were starting to break down and I realized I was only getting 2 years out of them. They cost twice as much as these Air Monarchs, so I decided to give the Nike's a shot. I've only had the Nike's for 2 or 3 weeks now, but I'm very happy - the benefits of support, comfort, and style (plain black, office-appropriate) is on par with the Brooks. If they can make it two years, I'll continue buying them!", "Shoes have great support all around and the toe box is wide and comfortable. Stable while in play. Well made. I have four other pairs of tennis shoes which I can't wear to play tennis as the toe box is too narrow and tight, causing blisters and pain.  The NikeAir Monarch fits my feet better than any other shoe I tried on.  Wish they came in more bright colors.", "I live at in a tropical rain forest and these shoes keep my feet warm and dry and they are so comfortable. I love my Nike air monarch shoes. They are the best!", "The sneakers fit really well and are comfortable. Kind of lite which I enjoy. Love that I was able to find a pair that I think looks good and have hope that they are durable. The sneakers are more for show than sports because they don't appear to be too flexable. I mean more flexable than my older neighbor that I used to have relations with back in the day but she had an arthritis problem. Yeah I like older women, why you laughin, you don't see me making fun of you for being the head of the Emo Phillips fan club do you?", "These shoes squeaked within two weeks of ownership. Had to remove the insole and &#34;powder&#34; them to quiet them down. Within 6 months the shoes started to come apart. I have been buying and wearing Nikes for 30 years. This is my last pair.", "I work in retail and am on my feet for my entire shift of 8-10 hours. As I get older, comfort in a shoe is an absolute must. These shoes are very comfortable. They bend with the foot as you walk and are of a normal weight so they don't feel like bricks. They appear well made. Maybe Ill update this when they give out and report if anyone is interested. I'm nicking it a star for the following reason:The primary reason I thought to write a review is to warn everyone about the size ordering. As other reviews have warned you must order larger than you normally wear. My feet really only need a US 10 1/2  but I always buy 11 so my toes have lots of space. I ordered 11 in these and they feel like 10 1/2  My toes have little to no room to move and the tip is not squarish but sharply rounded stealing more toe space. Other than this I love these shoes so far. Im hoping as i break them in maybe the shoe will expand a little and give me my toe room I need. I will order these again but in 11 1/2 to be sure.", "i can't get past the squeaking.  i love the fit and the comfort, but the noise is terrible. i hate Nike", "I have been using these shoes for years at the gym and they are very comfortable and last a long time.  I love the convenience of being able to by them online at a reasonable price.  I have had them squeak in the past but only after wearing them for a few months.", "Great shoes-I'm in the restaurant business & have feet problems but these shoes are GR88888888888888!!! This is the 2nd pair I've ordered. :))", "When I took the shoes out of the box they looked as though they were a pair of returned shoes.  That is not what I expected but I will use them anyway since I wear them for work mostly.", "I have bought these before because of the fit,was not able to find them locally so I bought them here.", "I ordered an extra wide size because I was taking a walking tour and needed comfortable sneakers.  This did the job!", "I have had 7 sets of this shoe and they are made great and are very comfortable. I will buy more", "If you ever need to sneak up on anybody, you will have to remove these shoes first. It's not a little squeak, either. It is loud. It is annoying. My other complaint is the shoelaces, which will not stay tied. Constant readjustment required, which is damned annoying on a cold, miserable and rainy day.Apart from that, these are very nice shoes. They are lightweight, comfortable, and versatile. Now if they would only&#8230;'nuff said.My overall opinion: it's a good value; not great, but good.", "These shoes are a great fit and very comfortable. I am on my feet all day and I have bad knees and these shoes have really helped with the pain because of the cushioning.", "Squeak! My God I've never had a pair of shoes that squeak this much.  They wake up the dead.  The only thing I can say is they make a good conversation piece, but probably not for Nike.", "Over the years I have owned over a dozen pair of these.  They are comfortable, cushioned, durable with good sole grip. Once I found them I kept going back and buying them.  I walk all day so my feet, ankles, knees and hips take a pounding. I have less pain with the Air Monarch.  Although the Air Monarch III was in my opinion a better shoe, the Air Monarch IV is better than all the others I've tried.I bought three pair for me. This pair is for my son.", "I've been wearing Monarch's for years so I knew what to expect.  Good looking, well fitting and comfortable shoe for everyday wear.  I will order again.", "Was able to get a difficult to locate half size in this shoe. Usually can't find half sizes in the larger sizes.", "Fits perfect, very comfortable and not squeaky like my white pair!My job requires me to stand for 8 hrs and these shoes makes it bearable.", "Yeah, I know the shoes' squeaky noise has been mentioned in other reviews here...but - GOOD GOD!! - it's ANNOYING AS HELL!!", "These are still a great as always. Nice looking when wearing jeans or just about anything. Keep up the good work!", "I love these shoes they are so comfy and fit perfect. I will be ordering more when I need another pair", "second pair that I bought the first lasted two years and give away, not because they were bad. skeachers bought some and I took two months to begin to deteriorate definitely Nike for two or more years", "you might want to buy a 1/2 size larger.....toes a little cramped...but wearable........may be better after wearing a while and breaking in", "The Nike Air Monarch squeaks and just in the right shoe. I did this: lifted up the inner sole and squirted a little of a silicone spray on the base fabric and let in soak for a minute. Put the sole back down and it quit squit squeaking. After 2 days still no squeakOn the other side of the coin, I shared this with Nike and said what reward would I get for this solution...none.", "I WOULD NOT OWN ANOTHER PAIR OF THESE.THIS IS PITIFUL.  ALL THAT MONEY FORNOISY SHOES.  DO NOT RECOMMEND", "the only problem was the 55 dollars for customs so its not worth it to by them online.....better to by them in a store", "I bought these for my son for his birthday. He loves them and fit perfect. I buy him a pair of Nikes every year and this is the best one so far!", "Overall I liked the shoes.  They hold up well, but they do run just a tad small.  I'd say order the next half size up of what you might normally get.  Normally I buy Reebok, however this time around I bough Nike.  Maybe if youre a Nike fan you already know exactly what size to get, but if you're not, a half size up is the way to go.", "Great fitting shoe. Husband always wears these. Theory are very comfortable. Will be buying more in the near future. Thanks", "this was a great Christmas gift and looks well with jeans or casual pants.  Use leather oil to keep looking new and seal from water and other weather elements", "This product is very good quality,very comfortable,very soft walk like you walk on clouds.If your feet are wide this is perfect for you.In the beginning they were silent but now to squeak.I have to walk more with them.Thanks NIKE", "Our son's public school requires totally black or white shoes.  The uniform store sells one, but not as comfort as Nike.  So, this worked perfect for our very active son.", "Great comfortable shoes for a very picky husband. They are like walking on air he is one happy guy and that makes me happy.", "I bought them at Sports Authority about a month ago and now the seams on bottom of sneaker are separating and making noise.  The date on my sneakers is 8/9/12 - 8/13/12.  I used to wear this line of sneakers with no problems, now I will be switching to another sneaker maker. Very comfortable sneaker but people are commenting on the noise from my sneakers as I walk by, even on carpet!", "I got the shoes within a few days of placeing the order and the were on my feet within a few minuies,,Feel goood.", "These shoes I like very much, for a low end Nike Air shoes they fit the bill for a comfy walking shoes, has very good grip in wet situation...And Just enough Air support to take edge off walking on concrete. Was delivered ontime, and packed in a smaller sized box and over all satisifed with order...Would buy again. ThanksTodd Poole", "Nike Men's NIKE AIR MONARCH IV RUNNING SHOES 11 (WHITE/BLACK/VARSITY RED) This is great for your arch of your feet and its fits realy good.", "THE BLACK SHOE IS NOT WHAT YOU GET.It says Metallic Silver/Mid Navy...and that is what I wanted and what I got.These are great all purpose running, walking training shoes.  That is why they keep making this model shoe.Simple and durable.  Mine last about 1 1/2 years each with HEAVY use.", "I purchased these shoes for my son because he is on his feet most of the day.  He says that they are very comfortable, well cushioned,  and provide the needed support.", "these sneakers are good for walking but not jogging as they have air in the heels and it punchers and blows out after a few months.another thing is that they make a horrible squeaky noise after the air blows out of them every time you walk on them.so if you want a regular walking sneaker then they are perfect and are extremely comfortable especially if you have lower back pains.but if your a jogger don't buy these as the air will blow out.", "They are somewhat large for me.  I am between a size 14 and 15, but no one makes a 14 1/2.", "I purchased a pair of Monarchs several years ago and still wear them but they don't look too good so I purchased these and the beat goes on.  Hopefully Nike is still making them in the next 5 years when I am ready for the next pair.  Best shoe I have ever worn.", "its a nice looking shoe.i ordered size 12. its  seems to be a little small at the end of the toes. i am hoping it breaks in", "I usually can not find shoes (4E) to fit me. These are comfortable and affordable. I  would recommend this product.", "I bought the shoe because it has excellent heel and arch support. Very comfortable. Broad sole provides good stability. A good value.", "These are a second pair, first bought locally. They are good for my feet bottoms, where I've had issues, and where running and other cross training lighter types just were not cushioned adequately. These are perfect for avoiding that. And they are not heavy for the build. I walk treadmill at 6.0+ elevation, and flexibility is also not an issue. The &#34;D&#34; size in these is my wider than average width, while the other models of &#34;E-4&#34; etc, were too wide in the store. I waited for two months to be sure the store bought pair were indeed perfect; these from Amazon were true to size, and will last me for years--Grateful to Amazon once again. ~ww", "I have had these sneaker over a year. the squeeking from these sneakers was so loud I was embarrassed to wear them outside. I only wear them inside to work out. I spoke to a guy I work with (a regular sneaker head with 250pair of sneakers.) He suggested I remove the upper soles and put talcolm/or baby powder in there. I was using my pocket knife to help remove the upper sole and accidently punctured the air pocket underneath in the lower sole. I hear the air come out. I put the sneaker back on and the squeak was gone. I took my pocket knife and punctured the air pocket in the other sneaker. No talcum powder or baby powder needed. I can now report both sneakers are squeak-less. The sneaker are just as comfortable without the air-pocket as they were with it. There is not a significant difference that I can tell.", "I got these shoes for a relative to replace some other Nikes shoes.  Comfortable and light weight.  He says they are great and would buy them again.", "I don't wear these as work boots or to go hiking in. I wear these with jeans and a button down shirt.What stands out to me is how comfortable they are and how they don't feel like boots after wearing them all day. I grew up wearing tennis shoes mostly out in here in Los Angeles. Whenever I do have to wear dress shoes, they usually hurt my feet and leave my feet sore.", "Best running jacket I have every had. Wish they still made these.  It is light weight, jet protect from rain and (some) wind. The sleeves can be taken off (zipped) - which I do fairly often during running. It has a clips to keep your head phone wire nicely running on the inside of the jacket to your side pocket.Very well done design.", "Bought it for her to wear under her clothes during the spring and summer months here in New England. Fits well and she's happy, so that makes me happy!", "I have owned adidas, puma, New balance and a lot of nikes, but this model IS THE ONE. incredibly comfortable and very well designed for running. For walking they are unbeatable too.", "Nice material, lightweight and airy. Great for running, they run on the short side so would not recommend for the gym (especially for those bench pressing ((use your imagination))  Oh, these are not lined if you are curious about that.", "In dec 2010 bought a dri-fit in california, the price was $25. I am extremely happy with that shirt. I was looking for a similar dri-fit at amazon and I thought this one could have a similar quality compared with the one that I own. However I was wrong this Medium size is like a Large size, it is huge! and the shirt-sleeves are not proportional and the materials are poor.I am really disappointed I will have to re-sell it or to place it in the garbage. It definitively  does not worth the money!", "These sunglasses are a great find for the price point. Can't go wrong with these shades for the summer time.", "I love my new sunglasses!  great fit, just as described not a scratch on them.  I will order antoher pair.", "LOVE them!Comfortable and great wearing.Good wrap style.Not to thin.Look good on a female face.Highly recommend.", "I JUST LOVE IT! fits well into my face and the colour is amazing!!!!Great sun protection!!! no fogging at all.", "The look is greatThe optical quality is very goodGood case to protect the sunglasses when storedI love it", "This was a gift for my grandson he said they were great . I would order them again .The fit was very good that. Right size", "I bought a gray and a white top in this style...they wash well and fit great!  I wear them a lot and would purchase more later on...When I bought them initially(from the product description), I thought that they were made with the dri-fit material, but they are just V-neck cotton tees...still like them though...That is the main reason I gave it 4 stars...", "I am a fan of Air Max shoes however this pair was for my 7 year old daughter. They weren't as expensive as this shoe typically costs (in a Grade school kids size $79.99 and up) so I was please off top and when they arrived the pictures did no justice they are extremly fashionable laces sparkle and the Airm Max sign is rainbow colored. Very comfortable and cute.", "Lo usa mi hija y esta feliz con sus Nike Shox, es cuero opaco muy comodo , y suave andar", "These shoes are nice as far as looks go but they are litle bit tight on the sides. I play Basketball once a week and I used the shoes couple times, they were fine as far as grip and sole goes and they are in ideal weight range. These shoes dont have wider versions and hence they are a bit tight on the sides but worth the money that I paid ($70)", "This bag is made of very sturdy materials.  Perfect size for one change of clothes or shoes.Priced lower than any we've seen in retail stores.", "Bought these for my husband who is a security professional and outdoor survivalist. He's had these boots over 2 years and they have held up surprisingly well! His only complaint was that they are a little heavier than he'd like. But the comfort and sturdiness out weigh the fact that they are a little heavy. He wants a black pair now!", "I like this product, and I'm using it for the last 5 months. It is good for running, walking, casual use for daily activities. The quality is very high, and it is very comfortable. Yes, I highly recommend this product.", "It is just ok and as far as iam concerned i am wearing it for my long distance walks and so far so good!", "My husband is very picky about shoes and I shopped for months before I decided on these. They are very price efficient. He has had them now for a year and they are holding up beautifully. He loves them.", "These are very lightweight and comfortable. However, there is no way I can run in these since there is no arch support at all. They work fine to run errands in and work around the house and yard.", "This is a great pair of walking shoes!  They are light weight but sturdy.  I highly recommend this shoe if you like to walk.", "I bought one Nike shoes very similar as this one two years ago, it has turned to my favorite one.  Would like to have the another one.  Saw this online, so purchased it.  But the quality is not the same, seems cheap especially the surface of the leather & the way of the cut.  The bottom of shoe feels too thin.", "This is a comfortable shoe and I feel well supported wearing them.  I don't go in for flash and color, so this suits me to a t.", "These have to be the MOST comfortable shoes I have ever owned.  I have spurs on the back of my heal and it is very tender to the touch and these shoes fit so well they don't hurt!!!  I would advise everyone to try these.  They are AMAZING!!!!", "My mom love these! She has been wanting Nikes that are leather and these were great for her she says they are real comfortable glad she enjoys them and they came in timely manner as well after Xmas I ordeded and they were here  within a few days.  Thank you", "My girlfriend loved it. Ellegant, fit as expected and I do recommend to all want a tennis to come and go.", "After wearing (out) a pair of Asics for a while, and not really satisfied, I happily returned to my all time favorite brand - Nike. The Air Monarch's fir well and look good.", "Shoes are to wide, need information for return. Can not find information or who to contact for proper return and credit to account.", "I have been wearing these for years. This is the only sneaker I buy. I love the way it fits, and the fact that it's wide is wonderful! I am very happy with this product!", "Many years ago I was severely injured and I have to be careful about what I wear on my feet. I originally bought a pair of these shoes because I trust the brand and they had these in my size. I was a little nervous about whether or not they would be comfortable for me to wear. Well, I liked them so much after I got to wear them I bought a second pair. My wife asked me about them after she has injured her leg riding and needed a more comfortable shoe for a while. I bought her a pair and she loves them as much as I do.", "Excellent buy on a classic pair of Nike Monarchs.  One of the best walking shoes on the market. They fit excellent and the service as well as shipping was first rate. The Monarchs are a great fit if you have wide feet and do allot of walking.  They are light as well as comfortable with the quality you would expect from Nike.", "I bought the Men's Nike Air Monarch IV running shoes for my son. He said that the shoes were a perfect fit, since he was in an accident and had surgery on his knee, he cannot wear too many shoes but this pair of shoes were perfect....comfortable and they do not bother him at the end of the day.", "bought a pair of these shoes.. fit well.. been buying AIr Monarch for a long time. only shoes I never have problems wearing for the first time out of the box.. LOVE EM!", "sneakers were perfect.  they fit exactly as they should and true to size.  really like these sneakers.  will order them again", "wet or dry, you can hear me coming a block away. Since this is the kind of thing that passes for acceptable at Nike, I won't be buying Nike shoes again. I'd give no stars if it were an option.", "too wide...can not wear them....please advise how to return them for a different size...boxes that they came in not available..I threw them out", "I have been buying the Nike Monarch's for years and have loved them. Unfortuanetly the last pair I bought have a very noisey squeak with every step I take. This pair is now the \"work in the yard\" shoes - I am now wearing New Balance. Hopefully Nike will fix the problem on next years model as these are the most comfortable sneakers I have ever had.", "Hello, these shoes are amazing deceptive. At first I thought by looking at them I had found the perfect work shoe. I could not have been more wrong. First they are the hottest shoe I own.  I'm always glad to take them off. Second they devolved that rubber on rubber squeak after a couple of months. Third I've never twisted my ankles more often than after putting these on. Mind you I have strong ankles. I decided it was due to the hardness of the soul. It's seem unlike my other shoes these have a strange contact pattern that makes it exceptionally prone to twisting ones ankle. Other than that it is stitched well and has held up just like a good leather shoe.", "SEVERAL YEARS AGO I BROKE BOTH ANKLES IN AN CONSTRUCTION ACCIDENT. IN 2007 I BOUGHT MY FIRST PAIR OF AIR MONARCHS, AND THIS WILL BE PAIR NO. 4.  FOR ME THEY ARE WITHOUT A DOUBT THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I HAVE EVER WORN.", "I've tried Nikes in the past and its always the same result.  I need a 3/4 EEEE size and they are hard to find in the Nike line. Amnd then when you DO find them they do not seem to be actually wide enough. So back they go. Am not going to try any more. I do not understand why Nike does not make a wider range of shoes for us fat footed guys.I mean, hey!....we can be athletic and cool looking too ya know.", "As a nursing student, it is important to have comfortable shoes for clinical. These are not only comfortable but much more stylish for a 20 year-old than the typical white work shoes. I love them!", "From the minute I ordered from Amazon to the speedy delivery I was happy.  Nike is a great shoe and the price was wonderful.  The shoe actually was better looking then it appeared on line.", "Good quality, suitable for everyday walking, and in good price. May be I would buy more of the same style, and from the same seller.", "Returned them. This is the hardest insole I've ever experienced! Loved the look but disappointed with the comfort. Also runs NARROW. I usually buy NIKE because I have a very narrow foot, but this was even too narrow for me.", "Feels excelent.  I used them to run (5k), spinning and trademill and they worked perfect.  I recommend them.  The style is perfect and very elegant and modern.  They color helps cover the dirt.", "I am very pleased with these shoes.  I highly recommend them to anyone.  They are very comfortable and they look nice.", "I bought them for my cousin, he plays soccer. he runs every morning and loves them! it's second pair for him.", "Love these shoes! I actually have them in black too. Super comfortable and lightweight. Color is great a little hard to keep clean. Rocks can get stuck in the bottom but flexibility allows for them to be easily removed. :)", "This hiking boot awesome! I had back surgery and I needed a boot/shoe that would provide arch support, look good and be comfortable. I can wear these all day and I feel great at the end of the day.I highly recommend this boot!", "These shoes are very comfortable. They don't run big or small as some people say. I think the size is pretty much straight. The material isn't hard making them flexible and comfortable. I'd definitely recommend these.", "These are one of the best pairs of shoes I've had.i bought these for work shoes I stand all day and these are awesome", "A few friends of mine were all getting running shoes with individual toes. I knew that my feet were far too sensitive to try anything so dramaticly different than I was used to wearing. Nike's Air Rift was more my style, as well as fit more into the reality of my pocketbook.  The only reason they didn't get five stars is because I had to install the insoles.", "I have had these shoes for a couple a years and they are my favorite ones since I got them... Stylish, comfortable and relaxed. Great purchase.", "I love these shoes. I have been wearing these shoes since I have recollection of time. It was a shame that I was not able to find these in the &#34;Alleys&#34; here in L.A. Loved that I got them here!!! I bought two pairs.", "These shows are extremely stylish. With the summer season creeping up fast, these were the exact shoes i was looking to show off during the summer. Great quality and look", "Nothing wrong with the product except advertises as being size 10 2E, but in essence they were only 10W.  Didn't fit my hubby's feet!  Sorry I had to return them.", "$3 cheaper from this seller in the UK....but got here not much later than 7 days.The singlet itself makes sweat just disappear.It's great for the gym & insanity /P90x type work out.You feel like you are going topless but not being inappropriate about it.Nothing like Nike-DryFit.Yeah you could get a Road Runner version for $5 cheaper like I did but it seems heavier & doesn't fit as nice to show off your newly ripped body from working out in this singlet!", "My husband loves this shirt and wears it when he exercises.  Of course Nike products usually live up to their name so this was expected quality.", "I am back for another pair of these shoes for my 8 year old.  I bought two pairs last year for my 2 boys and they were great.  They held up amazingly well---so my younger son is getting hand me down pair from his brother.  But they were so comfy, easy for the boys to put on, they go with everything, even look good for church in the summer, because they are black.  Very happy with this purchase!", "order not avalible when it was supposed to be shipped upped it one size and now are huge for my 3 year old...", "I buy these sandals for my grandsons every year.  They look nice, wear well, and are easy to get off when they fall asleep in the car!  They last the whole season and are even washable.  Next year I will be buying 3 pairs! (another new grandson)", "I've bought these sandals for my 1 year old son (when he just started to walk). He loves them a lot. Comfortable and fit good. Yesterday bought the second pair for this summer.", "We bought these shoes for our son age 5 yrs old. He has a wide foot. This fit him perfectly in width as well as length. They are so compfortable for him. They withstand the wear and tear that boys do on a daily basis. I normally don't pay this much for a shoe but we have gotten these in the past and they are awesome shoes to have to go anywhere in. They are sooo worth it !!!", "Great brand, my son loves the style! I bought the same sandle 2 years ago and still likes the way they fit", "This shoe was just what I expected. Love the fit and the look of the shoe. Great price for the shoe!!", "Good quality cleats for the price I paid for this product. Will recommend buying if someone is on a budget.", "I'm new to wearing baseball cleats, but the size 14 nike has been my go to size for the past 10 years.  These were no different.They are great, they really dig into the dirt with the different direction metal spikes. I'd say they are rectangular shaped, so not really a &#34;spike&#34;.That is the downfall though.  After i got them, i found out we are unable to wear metal cleats during games.  I still use them for practice", "ALL I CAN SAY ABOUT THIS SHOES ARE AMAZING!!!!!Im a freshman and i just started running track this year. I run the 100m and the 200m.For my time trial for the 100m i use to run 13 seconds but now i run  about 12 just because of this shoes.IF U WANT THAT EXTRA SPEED, EXTRA GRIP ON THE GROUND AND A BETTER TIME GET THIS SHOES!!! ITS WHAT A REAL SPRINTER NEEDS!!!", "This shoe is light comfortable and looks better in person than online. Very unique. I was totally amazed at how it fitted perfect", "the information stated it was a mens 6 but ended up being a youth size not mens size ok otherwise", "Mid sized wristwatch. Has everything you could need. Very accurate and very comfortable to wear. Lightweight and low profile. I have a large wrist and this watch band fits perfectly with four notches to go. The altimeter is extremely accurate as I had read before. The Oregon has many features including hourly chime and that's hard for me to find.the alarms and the countdown features are really nice to have.", "Best shoes ever. Wish they were easier to find. Worth every penny. Did Nike quit making these shoes? If yes, bad decision.", "I love these shoes.  I run about 3-5 miles per day and also do cross-fit type workouts in these shoes.  They look sweet, they offer great support, and have held up very nicely.  The shoes are also very lightweight and super comfortable.  I will be buying more of these in the future.", "i like this shoe for walking and everyday use ,they are easy on my feet and give support plus flexibility", "These are some very comfortable shoes, and I really like they way that they look. I'm usually careful about purchasing shoes online (size, fit, look, etc.) and typically purchase from stores where i can try them on. These shoes are true to size (i wear a 13). If there was a downside, i guess it would be my concern at how clean i can keep them. Other than that, i love them.", "Most comfortable trainers I have ever owned. Light, flexible, cushioned, don't cut into your foot. Get them and you wont be sorry. Fit is true to size.", "The waffle bottoms of these shoes make them feel less restrictive and more flexible than other athletic shoes I've owned in the past.  The major flaw is that every little thing gets caught in the cracks of the sole and I am constantly pulling small and medium sized pebbles out of them.  Another annoying problem is that the material used to make the uppers yellows after a while.", "Just exactly what I wanted a cute pair of white shoes. Will look good with all my summer outfits :)", "I bought these for my wife and they fit her 7 1/2 foot great.  She had a stroke 3 years ago and we found that these shoes were better for her than a woman's shoe.  We have probably bought 5 or 6 pair so far.  She loves them.", "An excellent shoe for the price, not as comfortable as Pegasus, but very good for the gym or casual wear-I would recommend", "The medium that I selected seems like a large size to me. The hoodie covers a third of my thigh. Typically mediums fit right around my hips.", "Not even the one it shows on the picture, the one they give you is a 30 dollar sweatshirt for 55 dollars im sending it back.", "This is item was exactly what I wanted and it arrived a day before i thought it would be here", "I really like the look of the shoe once I had seen it, I read the description but  I find that it has a cheap look once i=on my feet, but I ended up keeping them.", "These shoes have great toe room.  The fun part is they have no tongues so you get a leopard tan on the top of your feet.  I have them in every color.  They are comfy and fun the wear.", "Love these summer lite golf shoes,,,,,,there like wearing nothing at all.  There so lite weight and comfortable.Perfect for hot summer days.", "The shoes are so stiff they will not bend... I would like to return them...I have the box they came in but there was no paper work ...", "I purchased 1 size up than my normal size.  I received these and when I tried them on it was end of day, and they were too tight.  I have shipped them back, awaiting credit.", "Shoes are very comfortable and look great. The delivery was excellent also. I would definitely recommend the shoes to anyone looking for an affordable, stylish and comfortable shoe", "I don't usually buy shoes on-line, but I thought I'd try. These fit fine. I like 'em. And, they look good!", "Very comfortable and effective on the course.  The price was also surprisingly good given the quality of this shoe compared to others I have tried.", "My husband loves them and thanked me for finding them!!  Gold=f season is here so they will be put to good use!!", "This is a great buy. The shoes are made extremely well and the cost is surprisingly affordable. I would highly recommend these shoes.", "Product arrived right on schedule, and fit perfect to size, Very comfortable. I will recomend these to a friend and buy more for myself", "These shoes are perfect golf shoes. They are really cute and I love the colors. I ordered my true size and they fit perfectly! They are extra comfortable and I have no complaints!", "I really liked these golf shoes, but they were too small and seemed like they would rub my foot wrong where the stitching was.  I have wide feet so think they would be fine for an average or narrow foot.", "These golf shoes are just perfect for warm weather.  Very lightweight.  Love the color and style.  The fit is quite comfortable.", "Great Socks for the money!  Very Comfortable and durable!  In Black you can wear them with most anything.  AND.....Yes, I plan to definately re-order more!", "As expected the fit and feel of these socks is great.  Bought these for my son.  He runs track and cross country and seems to go through socks and shoes like a banshee.  I think the Nike quality is clear in this product.", "My son was looking for a comfortable basketball sock to wear and I was looking for one that would last (he wears them out after only a couple of months)!  These have worked out well.", "Hello I Was Wondering If Im Able To Double Sock These Socks, Because That's What I Mostly Do With Nikes And The Customers Reviews Say They're To Small. I Am A Size 13-14 With Above Average Calf Muscle", "I love the way it forms with my Feet i like that it is warm and Flexible and that it is Nike and i can were these with any of my shoes so they are really great.", "To tight in the legs for a size 15 sock!My legs would have deep sock lines in them from wearing these socks!I strongly belelive my surrculation was compromised!", "It is hard to find socks that fit and these are perfect for my husband. Thank you.?If you go out to stores they do not carry the medium sizes. My husband was complaining that his socks were to big and hurt.. Guess now he will be happy.", "Once I received the socks, I immediately noticed that they were not as advertised, and featured an older version of the Nike crew cut socks, not the current, new version which they used as the image. This greatly disappointed me, because I felt like I had been lied to. Also, the packing on the socks was very hastily done, and consisted of globs of tape slapped onto the package. I was disappointed with the all-around experience, and would recommend buying from another seller.", "I just bought more of these. They have never bagged on my feet or slide down in my boots. They did not thin out unevenly ether.", "socks fit extremely well and have plenty of elastic so you are not pulling them up all of the time.", "Typical socks, I love all Nike products so I am probably a little biased but these are my favorite socks.", "I am a size 8 and a half and these socks fit me perfectly. I would not recommend these to someone in the size 10-12 range, as they would probably be too small.", "It sometimes hard to find socks that fit larger mens feet but these do. This was part of my son christmas list.", ".... ..... ... .... ...... .... ... very good quality .... ... ...... ..... .... ..... ......... ... .... ......... .... ...", "Love 'em!! Beat the heck out of those plain ole white socks! Definitely plan on ordering another pair to wear with my boots!", "Look nice but is huge....Feel like a size 10, so be careful when you order and don't forget he run large", "Sized right and very comfortable. Great gym shorts, would not run with them as they are a little long (just above knees)", "light and comfortable, perfect for just lounging around and for quick trips to the store or places wherein you're too lazy to look for a shoe!", "I travel a lot and with all the security checks I solely wear these.  They are extremely comfortable for walking around even on long distances.  I loved these so much that this order was my second set.", "I bought these bad boys because I needed some new flippy floppies to take on vacation with the girlfriend. I've worn them for the last week and they are so comfortable its ridiculous. I'll be on the beach tomorrow and will update if I have any issues with them magically becoming uncomfortable.", "I really liked this model. It would have been my 3rd pair of this style. Very Comftable and i will be on a look out on this model.", "The bad is very durable and lightweight at the same time. The handle is great, very soft.Has a lot of room inside I put all my cloths (when I get off work I go to the gym so my suit fits perfectly, that&#8217;s a great plus). It has a hard bottom so it holds everything nice and secureI love the side pockets. One for the shoes! So they don&#8217;t stink. The other one if you shower at the gym for liquids or put some food so it stays fresh.I like the pocket for Easy access items; I put my wallet, keys there.Hold all your gym gear! Be prepare to work hard!", "My husband wears size 15 wide shoes and these size XL socks fit him well, not hard to get on at all, they have nice cushioning on the soles. They stay soft after many washes too.", "Great for working out or  casual wear. I highly recommend! They keep my feet dry all day long.  This is a great value and product.", "These don't seem to be authentic.Not the best quality, but they are okay. I would not buy these again.", "socks are socks, but these fit good and wash out very well.  I am completely satisfied with this purchase and would purchase again when necessary.", "I love these socks for bike riding and traveling.  The are especially useful when going through airport security.  They were available in XL for my big feet.", "Good socks. Have held up well and padding helps keep feet from getting too sore.  Will purchase them again when these wear out.", "I take size 13 and these were reported to be 12-15.I could barely get them on and then they were too tight.", "nike socks are my favorite and these are awesome, have had them for about 6 months now and they are still comfortable they are soft and kinda padded more than a regular sock and just gives you the feel that you like, great product!", "Great looking and very durable. Somewhat narrow fit but once one they are very comfortable and go with anything. they were a gift from my wife", "THIS IS MY BEST SHOES I HAVE NEEVER WORE! EVERY BODY IS TELLING ME THAT I WEAR A NICE SHOES! GIRLS, GUYS AND KIDS! IT HAS FITTED ME AS I EXPECTED...!THANKS JORDAN SHOES MAKERS..!JOE", "The pants are good, usual Nike quality, but strangely they were too large. I am wearing L and I bought these ones in M size only because they were Nike and my previous experience with Nike casual pants were great. thus, I decided that it's worth a try with an M... I was shocked to take them out of the box to realize that the waist was o for a L, so it fits me, but the length was for an XL (at least). No big deal, a tailor solved the problem, but still... The difference in size is huge! Otherwise, good quality stuff.", "These J's are off the chain and a must for any fan of Jordan Shoes. You can rock these J's day or night and with jeans or slacks.", "The Jordan Jumpman C has a great retro look and, on first inspection, looked like they would be real comfy.However, when actually wearing them, I found them to be ill-fitting and uncomfortable. Real stiff feel and little ankle support.", "Comfortable sunglasses. Broke my first pair playing football, and missed them so much I bought another pair! Highly recommend these.", "The nike mute sunglasses was great and next time I would order more the next time I need more, thank you", "It is fit rigth the color was the same, all the protection for avoid scratch in the glasses it is very fine", "These are really nice and included a black hard Nike case and wiping cloth which was an awesome surprise. A great value.", "I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas and he LOVES them! He described them as &#34;walking/running on clouds&#34;. He couldnt have asked for a better running shoe.", "Ok, is a little tide.Loved it, liked it a lot. Loved it, liked it a lot.Loved it, liked it a lot.Loved it, liked it a lot.", "I ordered the size of shoes I wear in any other brand of tennis shoes. however the shoes were too small. I asked for a bigger size or money back. I sent the shoes back as instructed paying express shipping becuase the instuctions were that if the shoes did not get back by certain day they would not accept the return. A couple of weeks later i got the shoes back. they did not accept the return claiming the shoes were worn. moral of the fable don't waste your money. Never buy shoes online when you can go to an actual store and trying them on. &#34;you will not get charge for just try them on&#34;", "These shoes have been great for my mid to long distance runs. The material is very breathable and running through water or in the sun all feels the same. They are lightweight and sturdy. My only complaints are that the shoes look dirty and dingy quickly, and when I run a fast pace or sprint my toes go numb. I highly recommend this shoe for the casual mid distance street runner, who cares more about a smooth ride than flashy shoes.", "I have several pairs of this sneaker & I love them! They are a nice, snug fit & they arrived sooner than expected. I highly recommend this sneaker if you are looking for a stylish pair of kicks that go with anything.", "I had a pair before and due to their comfort and price. I bought another pair after I wore the last one out.", "Fits great and good product very well made product shoe fits team what I thought it would be very comfortable I do a lot of walking and standing and it really helps", "These shoes were delivered on time and in excellent condition.  They fit a little more snug than my other Nike shoes - If given the chance I would order a half size larger.  They were very rigid at first but loosened up after about a week and are now very comfortable.", "I brought another pair as these are comfortable.  Got to love the style and they are surely different than other shoes.", "I always wear Nike Shox at work. I had a pair of Shox Turbo + 13 that were so worn out that I needed replacement. I bought these NZ's thinking they would be just as good. I was wrong! While the Shox Turbo + fit snuggly, they were never too tight or uncomfortable. These Shox NZ's are very tight and can be uncomfortable after wearing them for a full day.", "It took 3 days of wearing them for a couple hours to stretch out the leather but now they are perfect", "I have arthritic feet and it is hard to find shoes that both fit well and have the right mix of support and cushioning. These are great for me!", "I'm a tall girl with a long torso and this fits great - even stayed in place during hot yoga and wicked away the sweat.", "Ordered the white/wolf grey-black Jordan CMFT MAX AIR 12s, very impressed with the product as it matched the description perfectly. Product arrived fast and I am completely satisfied.", "&#34;I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS BACKPACK&#34; - The comfort, size, and style of it, speaks for itself.  A must have for any fan of &#34;Jordan&#34; apparel.", "I bought this product for my son for school.  Well made product , a lot of room . My son loves the back pack. I would recommend this product", "Loved it! Got it way faster than expected.  Great quality.  Very bright.  My son doesn't want to take it off!", "My son love this hat. I bought it for a trip to Disney and arrived on time. It is very comfortable and looks great.", "My son loves this hat, I own adult size nike hats just like this one and the quality is pretty much the same. The color is spot on.", "The 5 stars are based upon the product.  The hats were finally delivered today, and they are very good.  My only complaint is that from day of order to day of receipt was 13 days.  My order was placed on April 8th, it was finally shipped on April 16th and received on the 21st.  If you are not in a hurry to get your items it's fine.  I wish it had not taken so long.", "I bought this cap for my 3 years old. He runs a lot, he is very active so he needed a cap that could be soft and that could keep his head as cool as possible. It is the best, it is easy to wash, gets dry quickly, love it!", "Great quality as I would have expected from Nike product.  Fits my 4 1/2 yr old grandson nicely, with a little bit room to grow.  My grandson lives in southern CA, and always wears a cap to keep the sun out of his eyes.  The bill on the cap is just the right size for him, not too small, not too large.  The color is a deeper green than shown online.  I would describe it more like a Kelly Green.", "My son wanted this because his Pop Pop had one.  What a deal.  I paid $9.99 for it and it is worth it.  Very light and breathable.  It will be fantastic to wear in the summer month.Shipper send very fast and packed very well.", "My daughter likes her backpack although the description could have been more precise. It's a little smaller than expected, but we kept it.", "I did not realize how small it was when I ordered it.  It is not a normal size backpack..  Very disappointed", "My son loves these shoes; he's on a competitive soccer team and they've been holding up just great--He is age 10.  Look good and fit well.", "I do a lot of hiking in the mountains in Arizona and keeping the sun off your skin in key to a healthy and pain free hike. The long sleeve keeps the sun off and it is lite enough and wicks away sweat so I can wear it all year.", "After searching for a long time, I stumbled accross this wallet on Amazon. I figured I would take a chance on a wallet that I have not held or even seen. After recieving it, I was very impressed with my purchase along with the seller as well.I do not like large wallets and this one fits the bill of being \"slim\" when it comes to the profile. The ID window was the one option that sold me compared to most of the other wallets on the site in this style. It has enough room for a couple of credit cards, a couple of business cards, and a picture in the window. I would recomend this wallet for those who want a wallet/clip that walks the fine line between a money clip and a slim line wallet.", "I'm usually about a 10.5 or 11, I got these in 11.  Lengthwise they were fine, but the shoe was very narrow, too narrow in fact.  This is unfortunate because this is a better looking canvas shoe than even the converse allstar.", "Great sneaker  : quality construction, great looks, good support,good ventilation,just a great all round sneaker that I use only at the gym.However there's one problem I can't seem to get used to: NO tongue!!", "I love these trainers.Not only are they VERY high quality and smooth, with great design and a lot of other technical stuff that make them look expensive, but they are also really comfy. I have used them at least 5 days a week since I got them, and walked long distancs without getting my feet sore or hurting. And they never really smell.", "I like these shoes because they don't have a bunch of loud colors.. I prefer simple shoes and these are it.. Love them..", "Although the shoes were marked 9 Narrow, they would not fit....too short. Had to send them back for credit. Buying shoes without being able to try them on is ALWAYS a mistake in my opinion.", "I received my order but it ended up that the cleats were to small and I had to return them. The customer service was great and returned them no problems. I think backstreet shoes should maybe say that the cleats run a bit small otherwise great seller.:)", "Perfect size, color, and fit. Just what I'm looking for - a light weight and durable walking shoe. Thanks Nike!", "she loves them soft leather easy to clean  price not expensive comfortable to wear true to size smooth walking fits well", "shoe looks and feels great,I would recommend this cleat. especially for the price it was a steal.my son loves this cleat.", "Being a high school baseball player, I loved my cleats from last year and did not want to change. Found these and orderd them and they were exactly what I wanted.", "I purchased these cleats for my adult wooden bat baseball league. Although the cleats look nice....that is about it.Problems:Uncomfortable...I have worn them for at least 10 games total an I get blisters every time on the outside of my toes.The swoosh that you can switch the colors on....never stay in place....the move around and never match up with the the swoosh on the shoe.The tongue on my left shoe keeps sliding into my cleat...making it very uncomfortable....does not matter how tight I tie the shoe lace (yes i have the laces going through the loop in the middle of the tongue.)Just about every game i have a spike come loose and I have to re tighten them.This is just a bad cleat period. I would not recommend this to a regular ball player....there are far more effective and comfortable cleats out there.", "I always use Nike Shox for my sports activities because they are so comfortable.This pair I purchased for my long trips, the color is perfect to go with jeansand I can walk aiports back and foth.  Besides, they are more narrow and elongatedthan regular tennis shoes, they look nice.", "One sentence is enough to describe everything about these Nike track and field shoes:I love absolutely everything about these Nike cleats!", "Does exactly what it says on the can.  Exercise 5 times a week so constantly washing, they're durable, long lasting and would recommend to anyone who seriously exercises and to all those that don't.", "Perfect for running or hiking. Looks are awesome too. The sole is sturdy and I haven't noticed any wear even after a year of regular use.", "I play keeper, and my shoes get torn up quickly from all the sliding I do on the carpet where I play indoor. These shoes have lasted significantly longer any other I've tried.", "You can't go wrong with Nike so it's all about the look...and my daughter loves the colorful look of these.", "Do not buy this shoe unless you want to get injured. I have been a runner for about 10 years now and have been through all sorts of shoes. I thought I'd give this shoe a try and immediately the next running I strained my right leg. I was barely even jogging.Chalking it up to bad luck, I stopped for a week and rest. When I got into a softball game the following week, I was running to catch a pop fly and POP, a huge pop was felt in hamstring. I am so happy it turned out to be a strain rather than a rupture.I have felt nothing but pain and torture running in these shoes and I will never return to a Nike product again. Especially charging such a high price for such a bad shoe knowing they are paying sweatshop kids .25 cents an hour to make them? Boo.Buy at your own risk.", "I'm always buying the Nike VXT and / or the Air Monarch because they are the only shoe that has sufficient arch support for me in a style i like. both are very well padded around the ankle and the base of the foot. they are a like wearing fluffy clouds on your feet compared to a lot of other shoes that feel thin and flimsy. I love the fit and feel of the VXT especially.this last pair(the ones you are looking at) do not have the same arch support as the previous model which had a silver swoosh on the side. There were really only 2 pairs of shoes that fit me right, out of the box, and now there is only 1. If i wear shoes lacking in arch support I get crippling pain in the knees and ankles. If I am going to have to start buying shoes+ additional arch supports I'm going to drop nike start geting the $50 American made New Balance shoes and you can keep your flat footed crap for the masses.if you are like me, and buy these for the arch support, you need to jump over to the monarch, because it no longer exists in the VXT series.", "These shoes run SMALL!  They run at least a full size small. I thought they shipped me a womens size.Other than that the shoes are fine. Just be aware of the size.  I rate low because seriously, follow a sizing standard.They did ship out really fast, brand new and packaged right.  No problems with seller or quality, just that these ran really small and required more effort because of it.", "I like this kind of shoes. They came on time when I needed them. I recommend this kind for anyone.", "Bought These Shoes For Work and They are Real Comfortable and Can Wear them All the Time! They Look Nice and Would Recommend them To Anyone Wanting to Buy Them.", "This is a very nice shoe. Looks great fits perfect its not too small and is just wide enough especially in size 15.", "I like cheap and the best products from you. I am looking forward to seeing you soonThanks a lot.", "I was going to give one star, but I really dislike it when people do that.  In this case, I received the shoes and found them to be simply uncomfortable and cheaply made.  The looked cool, but there was no arch support and you could actually see a bit of the glue leaking out where it had been applied between the top pieces of fabric.  I went and bought a pair of Adidas locally for about the same price and am happy with the comfort.", "This shoes are very confortable and fits perfectly. I use this shoes almost everyday and they just feel so good... Nike never disappoint me.", "I purchased these for my son.  He just turned 11 and his a size 7.5 in men sneakers.  I thought they might be too big but they fit perfectly.  Thank you for the fast delivery.", "The moment the shoe arrive I just fit my foot into it real quick and all I say is WOW!!!!.........This is one of the most fitted shoe I have ever purchase in this country. I am even thinking right now to order another one with different color for regular day to day about. It is a shoe to test. I recommend this running shoe....", "I can run, walk or whatever i want and these shoes don't hurt me. I love the materials and the color!!.", "picture is nice but the actual product is ugly and not comfy.  cheap cushion.  made for few wears then it just tears and just waste of money.", "My feet hurt after walking 30 mins or so but with the Nike DART 9 I can walk for hours with little pain. I would reccommend to anyone", "This has been the only Nike running shoe my son has worn...the Nike Dart 10 has no heel support whatsoever....I wish we could order more f the Dart 9's but they don't make them anymore", "this pair of shoes hurts the knees, just like a lot of nike shoes these days. The heel is too big.", "Shoe was exactly what I was looking for. Would recommend this shoe to anyone.Very pleased with both the shoe and ther retailer.", "The perfect choice for a runner.The shoes are very confortable, strong , and so smooth to use.I Love the colors and the design of the product.", "Something tight but excellent product, the shoe fits a little tight but not crush the feet. There are very good.", "Considering the price, I really think they are really good!! Of course there are better shoes for running or the gym but they are way more expensive", "I use these Nike Dart sneakers to play Racquette ball, walk the treadmill and just as an everyday wear shoe.I would recommend these sneaks to anyone....Just go out and &#34;DO IT&#34;...get a pair. You won't be disappointed.Besides~~~~ their just sooo pretty!", "they are everything I wanted in shoes for running. I will buy more if these wear out. The came when they said they would", "I wear mostly size 11 shoes so going up a 1/2 size worked perfect so you might want to do the same.  I'm not a runner by any means but I walk my dogs 1-2 miles per day and these are very comfortable and I think they look nice enough to casually wear with jeans, shorts, etc.  I'd recommend these and would like to buy another pair.", "Nice sneakers for the money, lightweight and true to size. Received these in new condition, going to use in the gym.", "Nice cheap shoe that actually looks nice.  Fit good, totally worth the price.  Would recommend for anyone looking for a cheap pair of tennis shoes.", "Really nice pair of shoes.  These are really light!!! The price was really hard to beat also.  I'm happy I bought these!", "I thought these shoe would have fit differently. I didn't care for them but my son did nt a total loss.", "The are the super slippery! The sole is made form hard plastic like stuff, it slips and slides on everything! Terrible!Practically no padding, if you where to run with these shoes you would bust your feet and knees in lest then 5 minutes!The worst Nikes I've ever purchased and I love Nikes. Not sure if theses are fakes or something but they don't feel or perform anything like all the other Nikes I have at the same price level. Considering returning them.You've been warned.", "Shoes were just as expected with no surprises.  Fit well and are very comfortable from the start.  Good cushioning.  I think they are good looking and go well with jeans or shorts.", "The shoe seems well made, the width is a little snug but thats not the problem I have with them.I bought them to walk in only and around the house.My size has always been 10.5 so thats what I bought.Unfortunately it rubs the tip of the big toe.That is the first time I have bought a 10.5 that rubs.I am going to buy the same shoe in size 11.", "Very nice comfortable sneakers at a good price.  I wish I would have went with a wider pair, but they didn't have my size I wanted in many colors", "I liked them, but my mother loved them and talked me into giving her my shoes. They were her birthday present from me.", "i like dis shoes.i want trai diferents shoesis good for runing for going on the mountain and for my work", "A colleague asked me to help him with the purchase to give to her husband's shoes. she is happy because it met all expectations.", "I didn't realize it when I hit the buy button that this item was being shipped from the UK. If I knew that I would have never bought them", "This is a second purchase and seems well made as an earlier pair. Doesn't seem much larger than the original size 7 that was purchased previously.", "These shoes are confortable and gave a five star for its look and and how it fits.I would recommend these shoes to a friend.", "They are pretty sharp looking, never had all black shoes but they are comfortable and fit great. Nice value for the price.", "If you do not have a narrow foot, this shoe is pretty uncomfortable.  I returned the shoes I bought and got the wide version, not something that I usually have to do.  Way better!  The sides of the shoe on the outside part of your foot have some weird padding that can rub against your foot a bit.", "Arrived on time, exactly as described. Already tried them on for walking and running and I am very satisfied with them.", "I got these shoe couple days before a run and did not break them in and ran a better time then last years run and my knees did not act up.  I would recommend to some", "I purchased these sneakers a few weeks ago. They are lightweight, well ventilated, and very comfortable.They are worth the money and highly recommend.", "My husband loves and enjoys wearing the Nike Dart 9 Men's Running tennis shoes.  He said that they are comfortable and lightweight.", "fit good and looks nice will order again some time soon. will recommend to people as it is very nice", "It's my first time to buy a Nike shoesIt delivered on timeThough a little narrow in the middle, it does no bad for wear.The heel feels very soft when walking with them. I like the quality", "Super comfortable, good design, I get time, I loved it. I recommend it. Good combination of colors.it it it i", "I wear these shoes for 8 hours a day at work, walking all the time.  The cushioning is great for my 190 lbs, the air flow keeps my feet cool, and the soles give good traction and support.  I bought 2 pair of these shoes so that I can give them a chance to air out and last longer.", "For my weigh (155 lbs.)t, Zoom Vomeros are the most comfortable running shoe that I have found.I buy a pair every year, prior to when I run my yearly marathon, to break them in in time for the marathon.Then I use them for normal running for the summer and fall.", "I first bought these shoes about a year ago. They were by far the most cushioned shoe that I was able to find. When I bought them a year ago I payed 130 dollars at Academy.I just recently bought my second pair here for only 100 dollars.The only con I can think of is after about a year of heavy use, they get stretched out and won't stay tight on your foot unless you tie them really hard and do a double knot.", "excellent shoeexcellent cushioningamong the best shoes I have ever wornneed I say more ? need I say", "I use it mostly on paved roads and there is plenty of cushion and has held up well.  The shoe is fairly light.", "I ORDERED THESE FOR MY DAUGHTER IN ENGLAND.  SHE LOVES THEM AND THEY CERTAINLY ENHANCE HER RUNNING.  SHE WAS DELIGHTED TO RECEIVE THESE RUNNING SNEAKERS.  THEY ALSO CAME JUST IN TIME TO BRING THEM TO ENGLAND.", "Love the look of these sneaks but not as comfortable as I had hoped for.  Fits true to size but kind of snug width wise.Love the style and color though.", "The shoes are poorly made,they look nice but they don't have enough support.hard to believe nike would make something like this.", "One of the rare Nike shoes available in wide. Does not compare to expensive options, but if you are looking for a cheap pair nothing else is in the ballpark.", "I got them in quick. I wear them for training.They are good shoes. I love nike they are the only shoe brand i will buy.", "Zapato ideal para el uso diario, no necesariamente es de uso exclusivo de jugar baloncesto. El modelo es muy ajustado al pies.", "very good fit still had a little room to play in the toe area, good deal will surely buy again", "I love the shoe. The fit was perfect and provided the comfort I was looking for. I am at ease knowing that without having tried  the shoe on I got what I expected and beyond. Perhaps I will order shoes again.", "Glad I found them.  Nike should start making them again. I only like the low tops. For some reason they stopped making the low tops.", "I have the AROD shox as well and I love both pairs. Great price for a great pair of cleats!!", "If you are a man with a size 14 foot and you have a very narrow foot, these will fit you perfectly! If you have a normal width foot or a wide foot, you will not be able to even put your foot in it.  The shoe looked very nice in the box, but not so great when you try to put your foot in.  I bought these assuming they were a regular width but they were nowhere near normal in the width area.  Be careful if you buy these shoes!", "I have to hope the pair of shoes I received are defective.  The first time I wore these on my 30 minute job, halfway through I started to feel this jabbing feeling on inside the left shoe, which became quite painful.  When I got home, the shoe had ripped the skin off my toe second last to my baby toe.  Thought this was a fluke, so two days later put on the shoes again for my jog, relaced the shoes laces, did everything I could to ensure this would not happen again.  Same pain sensation on the same foot, this time when I returned my sock was completely bloody.  I was in considerable pain.  These were the first and last ever pair of Nike that I will ever buy.  The shoe fits a size too small, the cushion is excellent, but it is hard to appreciate that when your shoe is stabbing you.  Weird because the other shoe felt perfect, that is why I have to hope this is just a defective shoe - nonetheless I have to strongly recommend that you do not buy these shoes!", "Everything appears great good service boots were an excellent dealPostage to Australia always seems to go a bit over the estimated time but overall very happy.", "I got this pair for the spring season, as a lot of leagues i'm in. This pair feel so good on your feet, very light. For me I have more ways of controlling the ball, it's just easy. Our style of play is passing the ball over, and sometimes I get a very hard and fast pass, with these shoes I can control the ball in very comfy way, the shoes that I had wasn't as easy as this. I play wing, so I do a lot of sprints. This shoes is just amazing for that perpous. I highly recommend this.", "My grandson was very pleased with this bag. He uses it to carry his wrestling clothes in and as an overnight bag.", "I have had my Nikes for about a year now and wear them on a daily basis. I would have to say that these shoes are the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn in my life. They are very breathable and light weight too. I especially love how there isn't a tounge in the shoe that slides to the side throughout the day; they are more like a slipper that you can tie. Surprisingly they have held up quite well this past year so they are pretty sturdy, remember, I wear these every day. Pretty much you won't go wrongWhen purchasing these shoes and once this pair dies I will definitely be getting a second pair.", "Very happy. Just somewhat small. My big toenails hit the very front of the shoe, so with thick socks could be a little uncomfortable.", "I was suprised to see the RED NIKE emblem, I was expecting the more traditional BLUE. Would like to be aware of color options! Other than that I have no complaints. Was considering looking into possibility of another purchase,I'll be forwarned when making my purchase!", "I have had my new shoes a couple weeks.  They are great and I would buy again.. Got them quick and they were perfect.", "Excellent fitted shoes and well ventilated. I purchased these and was very satisfied. The order was correct with no issues the show were in excellent condition.", "I had to return them, just did not fit right.  Bought my regular size and I do have problems with my feet, but these hurt my toes even and the ball of my feet.", "Good, comfortable shoe like all Nikes that I have had.  I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I had to immediately buy laces for it.  I didn't even use the top holes and I still could just barely tie them.  It only cost me a couple bucks but you'd think that's something they would get right.", "A decent pair of shoes are hard to find and these are so comfortable, they are perfect.  Thinking of getting another pair.", "Light and comfy! Good price and as usual, good quality. I would buy a second pair just to have one more in my closet.", "It is a NIKE what more can i say, these people engineer their products to do what they want; to give high quality performance.", "I purchased the shoe for my son who wears 4e in the New Balance footwear. This shoe ran narrower than he is use to.", "I was very happy when I got these shoes. They were exactly the comfort and support level I needed. Thanks.", "I bought these shoes to use on runs ranging from 2-10 miles.  They are comfortable and work pretty well for a midfoot strike.  They are tight without being too tight and there's enough cushion.  Unfortunately, they have worn down very quickly, including a popped stitch down by the toe within the first month of use.  They're not bad for around $90, but I will probably go back to Saucony for my next pair.", "Shoes are very wide.  One run and I twisted my foot 3 times.  Unfortunately I wore them so can't return.", "good shoes for wider feet.  half the price of the running store.  i would buy them again.  They arrived quickly too", "This item was a good purchase, but just make sure you order it 1/2 size bigger than usual bc it seems as though the sizes run small.  I recieved my item w/no problems & they fit perfect.", "hard to find any Blue Jordans.........very comfortable.........received compliments from different areas that I've traveled...worth every dime spent and arrived on time", "I'M VERY SATISFIED WITH PRODUCT QUALITY AND ESPECIALLY THE PRICE I hope you have more of this model in other colors .. THANKS", "I am so glad that I made the choice to order these sneakers.  They are fantastic and worth every penny", "Nice surprise shirt was made w dri fit material.  Purchased as a gift and recipient loves the shirt.  Nice quality material.", "The picture is deceiving. I was supposed to be getting what looks like royal blue and white. Instead I get a purplelish looking navy blue on the front and back, with royal blue and white on the sides. These particular shorts dont match itself. Ive bought other durasheen shorts from here and got exactly what I expected. Im a big fan of durasheen shorts.", "i purchsaed these to workout in a desert setting, i dont play ball as much as i used to. These are great shorts for cardio and HIIT. Perfect lenght, breathable, and light wieght the waist band is nice and snug so they dont slip if you have your phone or ipod in the pocket.", "very nice i love it i get  alot of compliments on it all the time and red is my favorite color!", "This is the best running shoe I've ever had!  Really wish Nike would keep making this exact shoe.  No problems and my feet feel great in these.", "When I went out for my first run I was convinced that I had ordered a shoe that was too big. After wearing size 11 Nike running shoes for 15yrs this was the first pair to not fit. By my third run the shoes had moulded to fit my foot better and I no longer had issues with my foot sliding around in the shoe. I bought the Lunarelite's  to replace a pair of Zoom elite 4's that have been amazing. The Lunarelites seem lighter and equaly supportive but not as comfortable as the shoes they replaced.", "I was looking for a blazer and saw this one, its a nice obsidian (I say blue mostly), nice shoe to my collection, its somthin different", "Love my Jay's had to get these at the time, the cheapest online right now! But i am sure the prices will rise soon", "Purchased as a gift for my bike riding father. It looked great online. I have not seen him wear it. I guess it was okay.", "it was a great looking sneaker but unfortunately it was too small. the top of the shoe was my fav", "Running, training, and day to day wear, these are by far the most versatile shoes I've purchased. My boyfriend introduced me to a pair for Christmas and it was the best gift for my feet. Ive been training for a marathon and I'm confident these shoes will make it through the entire course. They're lightweight, flexible, and have amazing breatheability which is why I have fallen in love. Hurry quick because words out that Nike is discontinuing the 2.0 and moving forward with the 3s and frankly this style is my personal preference.", "Nike's run small, so I had to return them and purchase 1/2 size larger. I had to pay $10 for return shipping.", "This is an incredibly comfortable shoe. Fits and feels like a glove. True to size. I use these for everyday and light running.", "I wish Nike would notice the demand for this shoe and keep making it.They make something great and then try to &#34;improve it&#34; the next year/season.The Nike Free is not the case. This specific shoe was awesome, I have owned pair and now they are impossible to find.The new style is not a good fit, they changed it up a lot.I wear these even when I am not running, they are my favoite athletic shoe", "I normally wear a size six and these shoes were way too small. I suggest going up half a size or a full size.", "This socks are just what you expect, nothing too special when it comes to performance or feel. There is a snugness in the center of the sock, but you won't notice it. But overall, the look is great and Nike is a safe bet of comfort and athletic", "I received this yesterday, and it's so comfortable! The color is not as bright a blue as pictured here but it is a very pretty color. I would recommend this jacket to anybody. And it is true to size.", "excellent product, the sizes are just right, not too big nor too small, good finish and something hot  the color is vivid", "it's a really nice sweater! it fits as i expected and you can use it for any day or occasion, sport or not! recommended, good quality, is Nike after all.", "Fits perfect and works for running the color is perfect and the material is warm for cold days. I recommend it.", "these shorts are exactly what i was looking for. they are long enough that they will not ride up....there is a pocket in the back that will fit you key and my phone fits as well. great shorts for running! i just went to order another pair but they are currently unavailable!", "This shirt has lasted through two summers and is still going strong.  Great quality.  I highly recommend Nike apparel to anyone with children.", "sandals were great but they sent me usa size 8 not uk 8 web site does not say usa 8 and hard to get postage refund back ,and still have no uk 8 very ,very unhappy", "This Nike shoe is extremely light and comfortable.  I wear them running to the gym and for my weight training workouts as well as group ex classes.  The only thing they don't work well for are spinning classes because the sole is so flexible.  The colors are great too.  The shoe fits true to any other Nike shoe I have worn.  I have these in three different colors because I love them so much!", "This is the most comfortable running shoe I have ever owned. Not much more I can say. I liked them so much,  I bought another pair just for general use.", "This pack was exactly what was needed for soccer. Perfect size,shape and color. Nothing to complain about. The pack is not boxy like school packs and not as bulky as regular soccer club bags.", "Works fine, 8 y/o  son likes the color, size, style. He graduated from LL Bean bags we've purchased yearly for the last 3 years. Albert & Kai", "I bought this for my grandson and he really loved it. It seems strong and durable and able to withstand the rigors of a very active boy.", "This backpack is a great size for school and sports.  My 10 yr. old and 15 yr. old both love it.", "I had this backpack for a year and it just began to fall apart. I just used it for basketball traveling", "Good quality backpack,and inexpensive. Product has many zippered areas, which was a must for our son. I would recommend to everyone.", "My cousin wanted me to order it for him and he said he loves it and it fits well. He got the medium and it looks a little big but he enjoys it. He's about to be 14 and he's 5&#34;6 or 5&#34;7 and it's a bit big so If your short I would suggest a small.", "It's exactly what we want in a back pack for our soccer needs. It's durable and holds everything for the game.My daughter loves it!!!!", "Great bag . Works well for bball and soccer.  Fits all of her dtuff and had different pov kets to separate dirty ftom clean.", "Bought this for my Son for school, he loves it. There are a lot of pockets on it. Very well made.", "I bought this for my son as a school back pack not realizing its more for sports. He fell in love with it , but it is a little big for him. He's 6 but there's no taking it away fr him now :) I'm sure he will grow into it soon! Well made , no issues with it .", "there kind of tight on the front sides (11us) I like the style anyways,good quality on material and colors I'm satisfied.", "The Soccer cleats are just perfect. Great quality and they look awesome. Loved the leather smell when they first arrived.", "I wore these shoes for several weeks to the gym and than poof... the air bubble just deflated. called nike  and got dismal customer care so shoes went into the garbage and I no longer by any shoes with air pockets from any manufacturer", "They are somewhat too small, but I usually wear quite thick socks. So I have brought some very thin ones and as I'm only racing in them for 800m or less, they feel great. All zipped up and inclosed, no worries.", "fits nice. Only problem was on line it says red in colour when received it was maroon, it was a present for my boyfriend and he really liked red", "Too bad that you cannot get the shoes in a wide size.  My size is 12 4E (wide) so I purchased a size 13M (medium width).  They fit ok and they look good.", "These were for my 13 year old son, who loves them. He wears them every day and they are going strong after 3 months. He will probably outgrow them before he wears them out.", "I love the color but the quality is very cheap. Very thin all over, poorly glued/sewn. Super uncomfortable. Let's put it this way--they have spent a lot of time in my closet.", "My daughter has a larger foot for a teen girl to add to that her foot is wide.  This shoe is GREAT except it is too narrow for her foot.  If you do not need a wide fit highly recommend.", "as of these time that you are asking if the shoe fits, im having a fit becuase the shoe was not even received at this time, supposed to arrive last week, but at this time i dont have any idea where the is the shoe, your tracking is pathetic and the delivery sucks. never to buy from you again", "they are really nice, look sweet every time i wear i just wish the wouldn't that expensive or at least  qualify to get them with free shipping.!", "I've been running for a number of years now and I have gone through many brands of running shoes including Nike, Adidas, and New Balance.  However, I still remember fondly my first pair of running shoes.  My father had bought me a pair when I was 17, gave them to me and said, \"Here you go!\".  I remember looking at them in puzzlement, then looking at him and asking, \"What is this for?!\"  As you can tell, I had no idea what running was.ha!  Guess what pair of shoes I was given?  Yup, the Nike Air Pegasus!  My first foray into running, and it was with the trusty Air Pegasus shoes.In the years since, I have not come across another shoe as good as the Pegasus.  It is a very comfortable and light running shoe, and fits perfect with the first try, a nice snug (but not too snug) fit.  Like I said, perfect!The Air Pegasus 28 is my third Pegasus shoe (I've also owned the +26 version), and so far my favorite one.  I love the color options, I bought the turquoise and pink.  It caught my eye and screamed, \"Buy me!\".  I think the colors has made this great classic running shoe more fun and eye-catching (if you're into the bright colors, there are also more sedate colors offered too).  I'm glad Nike has realized a good thing, and haven't changed the Pegasus at all.This is a tried and true reliable running shoe that will appeal to beginner and experienced runners alike.", "Bought this pair of shoes for my wife because hers were getting worn out. I use the Pegasus 26+ myself and have nothing but the highest regard for this series of shoes. So, when she needed a pair of shoes, getting the ladies version was a no-brainer.The color that I got for her was the bright purple version. It was a bit too 'loud' for her liking but it was the only color available for her size. She does some casual running, probably about 10km a week. Not too much, but enough to keep her active.Delivery was not an issue. Prompt and no hassles.I would recommend this shoe for ladies who want a comfort running shoe.", "A very good shoe. Just remember that it a little shorter than most in the requested size. Have worn the pegasus for a long time.", "I was on vacation and forgot my good ol' Nike Pegasus running shoes.  I did some comparison shopping with other brands, some quick online research, and bought the new Nike Air Pegasus 28's.  Wow!  What a comfortable running shoe!  It is light weight and there is more cushion added under my heel and the ball of my foot.  I was really blown away with the improvement over the last Pegasus model which I liked.  As some other reviews have noted, I did go up a half a size over what I normally wear.  The only slight negative I can come up with is the blue laces but I can easily swap them out with the white laces from my old shoes so no biggie.", "I bought the Nike Pegasus +28 from another store, but I wanted to warn buyers from Amazon that these Nikes run a half size small compared to Reeboks or Asics. I normally wear a 10 4E and had to move up to a 10.5 4E for a more comfortable fit.The Pegasus feels comfortable and I'm anxious to really test them out. The picture shows a really nice looking shoe, but out of the box, it's a really, REALLY nice looking shoe!A couple of things keep this from rating 5 stars, the width could be a little wider and I wish the Pegasus had reflectors on them. I plan to do early morning running and the added visibility would be  a lot safer for runners.", "I just picked these shoes up for an incredible price!  I'm not a runner, but like a good, light-weight shoe when working out that feels good and looks good.  Saw these before a few weeks ago, then found them on sale and tried on again (yellow/grey).  I like fit/feel, but agree with the other reviewer that they run 1/2 size small.  I normally wear 10.5, but the 11 fit better.  Great shoe from Nike!", "These are a great great running shoe very comfy, light light light!!wore them straight outta the box for quick 5miler no breaking in required was great.very breathable. I usually run in the Nike vomero 6 which are my babies!!!got a pressie of these and am very happy I may be converted to a new style. Would highly recommend them for long distance running for sure I run on my ling runs 22+mile and they are like a glove. On another note no no no on the lunar glide, soooooo narrow and uncomfortable waste of time and money.", "Super \"springy\" when comparing to my free-runs and I like it. I am a woman but bought men's 10.5 since they fit me best. Wide in the forefoot which is perfect for my wide feet, since I have had problems with plantar fasciitis, metatarsalgia and taylor's bunion. I feel like I can run again in these and don't feel that I'm pounding my soles too much.", "SRLA introduced me to these amazing shoes, and they are super comfortable. It was very nice of Nike to have had donated them or I don't know what they did but they did it, I used them very well and I ran with them on the 2012 LA Marathon. Since the marathon they are pretty worn out, but I am planning on buying another pair.", "I love these shoe. I'm on here looking for another pair of the exact same type. I've used these shoes in several road races as well as at the same time daily use. They are now so loved and worn that I'm not sure they'll be too terribly comfortable in my next 10k 2 weeks from now. I like these so much that I bought Pegasus 29's too. I've done road races in them too but I don't prefer them as much.", "Bought these at the local Nike store a few months back, and they are great. Went back to buy more and they switched style which didn't feel as comfortable. I have plantar fasciitis and wearing these made it feel like I was walking on air. Great shoe", "Love the look of these shoes.  They have the classic Converse look with the unmistakable Nike swoosh, which IMO makes them look way better than any pair of canvas Converse.  I personally find them extremely comfortable, but if you are using them for anything but casual use, be careful!There is absolutely no ankle support as one can expect from such a low top shoe; but there is even less than normal due to the thin canvas the shoe is made out of.  Also because of this thin canvas, the life of the shoe is very short with moderate use.  I would say my pair was worn out within two months of wearing them 3-5 times a week.  This is the main reason I gave them 3 stars.  Had the life been a bit longer, these shoes are most definitely a 4 star pair.", "Love these sneakers! They have seen many different types of workouts (I am a fad exerciser) but they have held up during my indoor running phase, my Zumba phase, and even a few hikes. Also, I am constantly getting compliments on the color! I would buy these again in a heartbeat!", "These by far are the most comfortable shoes I have ever purchased!  I did not buy them because of them being a walking shoe, I purchased them because I have had several surgeries on my one foot and these were the most comfortable.  After several months of searching and probably a hundred shoes that I tried on, and I am so glad I found these.  I purchased a total of 4 pair (2 in black and 2 in white), only because I know if they stop making these I will be out of luck again.  The price is a little high, but considering how comfortable they are I can't complain!  I recomend these shoes to anyone who is looking for a comfortable shoe to wear!  I have worn the one pair of black ones every single day (I have to wear them to work) for the past 2 1/2 years and they still are comfortable and held up very well!  Well worth the money! Love them, Love them, Love them!", "Being a huge Nike sneaker fan I found this shoes to be another great Nike product.  The shoes are very comfortable and stylish.  If your looking for a solid white sneaker, like I was, these are a great purchase.  The sneakers are light-weight and breathable also.", "I chose this rating because these sneakers fit well, give great support, and are very comfortable. Well worth the price.", "Excellent purchase, the color, the height and the finished ones they are of very good quality, for what I grant an excellent qualification", "I ordered size 13s, but I should've gone with 13.5.  It's tight in the toes.  Otherwise the cushioning and support are good", "The photo showed a deeper pink-purple color when I purchased it, but then after purchasing, it showed a different photo (lighter pink). And then I received the lighter pink color. I definitely liked the other color better, but I guess I'll keep them. They don't stay on that great, but most baby shoes don't I guess!", "We got a pair of these for last summer with our 11 month old who was just beginning to walk. They fit perfectly (at least, on our little one's feet) and never fell off. Because of the type of fabric, they didn't create any redness or abrasions. They are super light weight, which is nice for little feet (some shoes are so heavy, they have a hard time picking their legs up), but also offer toe protection. We loved them so much, we're getting another pair for this summer!As for the color: I'm pretty sure they only come in one shade of pink - which is a hot pink color. Even though the color looks darker in this picture. If you go to Nike's website and check look through the options, they come in pink/black, pink/pink, purple/purple, & black/black, grey/black in boys section. SO, if you're looking for this darker shade, you maybe disappointed.The only thing I don't like is that they are $30. Will definitely be buying a used pair off ebay instead.", "The shoe fits good but the strap is too short. My little one still has room in the shoe but the strap is barely holding the velcro together.", "They arrived a full day before the estimated arrival date.  This was the first time I've purchased shoes on amazon and I gotta admit I wash little nervous about the fit. I've been lucky so far with the work boots I've bought, and I gotta say these Nike's couldn't have fit better if I'd have tried them on in the store.", "I bought this shoe for my daughter and she loves it. It fit perfectly and it is very comfortable. I will recommend this shoe.", "Nice comforble tennis shoes for running and walking. Like the style and colors couldn't ask for more was just hoping on thbe price it could be lower", "I'm very pleased with my Nike Dart 9 shoes.....I Will order again soon... I even told my sisters to order...Thanks so much", "I love these shoes. They always fit and have the right support under the ball of my foot. Heaven forbid that Nike would discontinue making this type of walking shoe. This model is a bit different than the others, but feels and wears the same as the other five pairs I've worn out.", "I work on my feet all day, so it's extremely important to me that my shoes be comfortable. These fit amazing, and just hug my feet! They did need a little breaking in the first day, but that's to be expected with most shoes. After that, they've been nothing but a dream.Nike never disappoints me, though. They're the only sneaker I buy, anymore :)", "The UPPER of these Nike Women's Dart 9 Running sneakers are made of lightweight breathable mesh.  These sneakers have an attractive clean look - white with bright violet and metallic silver colorway (for greater visibility when running in the dark).I like these light running shoes - the breathable mesh definitely keeps my feet cooler during a workout.The rubber OUTSOLE has a waffle pattern for greater traction and durability and, the beveled heel provides a lightweight, cushioned impact.  I find the outsole and heel effective in absorbing shocks while jogging/running, especially on hard surfaces.The Nike Women's Dart 9 Running sneakers are affordably priced, running shoes with a well cushioned, supportive fit.Check around for these Nike women's Dart 9 running shoes ... the price varies on Amazon.REVIEWED BY A FAMILY MEMBERHope this review was helpful ... Jeffrey A. (Jeff)", "I am always happy with Nike shoes and these are no different. The color was great and the fit was perfect as usual", "Too good I'd say ... tremendous product. 100% original. 100% recommended. So I give it 5 stars and if you could give her 10 stars", "I love these shoes!  They are great looking, very comfortable and reasonably priced.  I have received many compliments on them.  Also, they were easy to order and delivery was prompt.", "I'm on my feet for a long time, having high arches I found I was able to be on my feet for long periods of time without my feet hurting too much....", "I bought a 9 Medium US and when I first got them they were quite tight, so I was kind of upset. But I do run in them and walk with them after swimming.I never feel hot in these. They keep my feet cool and are comfortable.They come directly as the picture shows.They're tight in the beginning - I am not saying order a size up because they will become more loose. So if you do order these don't panic because they will conform eventually.", "WAs looking for a lightweight shoe for working out, running, eliptical, cycling...etc.  This shoe is lightweight and has a breathable upper (which is really nice).  Again, the most important factor was a lightweght shoe which it is.  Traction is good and overall appearance is nice.  I would have ordered 1/2 size up if it was available, but maybe because the shoe is new and my feet are a tad wide.  I have no problems recommending this shoe for general workout training.", "i wish the laces were longer.they are nice and light.they fit just way i wanted them.the price was just right", "are just perfect for walkingtrainningi will used to to outdoors to go to north part of PeruCombine them with jogging pants, jeans or shortsso so comfrtable and the orange details are just neonthe size fits perfect", "I was looking for shoes for my mom and these caught my eye! When they arrived they were perfect size and color.my mom loved them and said they feel great! Would definitely buy another pair, plus it's hard finding good shoes online.", "Nike Dart 9. Not what I expected. But they will do for now. Looking for walking shoes, not really comfortable but will work until I find the right one. Not bad for the priceMaybe another brand besides Nike will work. Thanks Amazon you make shopping a lot easier", "these shoes are amazing they fit great!!!!! I love them!!!!!!!!! they look great and feel really comfortable!!!! and the price was great too!", "I've only worn there shoes once, for several hours of walking at school/work. They look so good, but after an hour or so of wearing them my left heel got the worst blisters! The back of the shoe would rub against my heel and I've never had this happen with another running shoe. I guess I'll try to break them in because I love the way they look.", "This is such an awesome package. I wish it wasn't so expensive, found a cheaper set a few days later...", "I really like the fit and the look of the shoe on my grandsons foot thanks for the good pricing and fast shipping.", "Exterior looks nice but the inside sole looks like my 2 year old glued it in. I don't think they would have sold this one in the store.", "My son is 2 1/2  he loves these shoes, this is his second pair.  He wears them all summer. Great shoe.", "I have purchased two pairs of these for my kids and I'm searching for a third in the next size up.  They are easy to get on, breathable, very durable and seem comfortable.  The sole is pliable and curves up, around the the toes to protect better than most sandals.  Great for water activities too.I highly recommend the Nike Sunray Protect!", "Although it is a bit large to my kid whose feet is smaller than 15cm now. And I think when the summer is coming,it can fit him. He likes it a lot.The color and the quality is as good as described online.", "The shoes are cute but I like the sperrys much better.The price of the Nikes was a little more than I think they are worth.", "This is the best i'm super super excited it is everything and then some. the seller was on point with everything. they are very comfortable and unique. very professional seller. lookimg forward for more great stuff.", "Air Max 95 the best shoes Nike ever made! These shoes are very nice and they came very quickly . Now they are different because usually the gray part of the shoe is suede - like but these are not some other material. But everywhere I go people ask me where did I get them. The price you CanNot beat. Buy them!", "a really nice bag, very spacious, but the fabric that it is fabric is very thin, I fear it may broke with little extra weight.", "I bought this for my son for his baseball/gym clothes. I can't really compare this to any other bag as this is our first. It serves it's purpose.", "Came on time, perfect condition, has held up well. One of my best Amazon purchases to date. I use it nearly every day.", "Good product seems to be very durable and I really enjoy the color and the multiple straps and of course the swoosh", "Got this for the wife and a Blue medium sized one for me. We both love them. I pack all my junk to and from work and the gym in this thing. It's part of my checklist before I leave the house. Also had to wash it recently and came out of the wash as good as new.Nike makes great products and this is no exception.", "I have been using this bag for two weeks now for hauling my workout clothes and shoes to the gym.  I was looking for something that was able to hold one or two change of clothes, pocket stuff like keys/loose change, and shoes.  It does all this and does it well except for the shoes part.  There is a vented side compartment for shoes or wet/damp clothes but it is just big enough for standard shoes--I have squeeze my sneakers down and help guide the zipper around them to close it--so much so I am afraid that I am going to rip or damage the zipper doing so.  There is plenty of room to spare so it baffles me as to why they didn't have the vented pocket expand into the main compartment.  The material is thin but feels sturdy.", "I love this duffel for quick trips overnight or a weekend especially when trunk space is somewhat limited. It is also nice to have the separate outside zippered pocket.", "This bag has a fine line in particular so it's very nice, comfortable, cool, and the brand is one of the most sought after in the market.excellent article, I have just what I expected, thanksproduct", "My daughter's play basketball, yet are still in middle school. This bag is a perfect size for them. Not so big that it droops and is a burden to carry!! Love the color choices and quality!", "so great! This bag is everything i thought it would be! it deserves a great review. and I love the color", "The bag is good. The size is good for my daily gym use. I gave 4 star is because I found there are only one side pocket. If it has more side pockets for my phone and other small staff, it will be perfect for 5 start.", "The compartments on the side are great for storing extras like hair ties, sports bras and socks in case you forget them, and it holds a lot in the main compartment. The long strap is great for over the shoulder when I'm carrying a million things in the morning.", "I chose the pink duffle bag because it showed TWO zippered pockets  in the photo on Amazon, and I loved the color.  The bag ONLY has one zippered compartment.  I was disappointed when I saw this, I already have a Nike bag the same size with one zippered compartment I wanted two compartments. I just want buyers to BEWARE that the photos posted on Amazon are not accurate.  Why they have the zoom in feature so you can see the bag in detail is beyond me. Just make sure you read the details on the bag carefully, it does state ONE pocket although they posted a photo of a bag that has TWO!!!Also they state that the adjustable shoulder strap is padded I did NOT recieve one that is padded.  I really feel as though I was ripped off when I purchased this bag .  I really like Nike products but, am very unhappy with this purchase.", "This bag has been perfect for me. So perfect I purchased a second one. I currently use one for all the gym clothes and it is perfect. The second bag I use for my cycling gear. I have my riding shoes, helmet, gloves, extra shirts, and energy packs and there is still plenty of room. This bag is well built and I believe will be around for a long time. I would recommend this bag to anyone.", "they are a very good value, the last and are good for school sports. It is the second time my son buys them", "ME ENCANTO ESTE PRODUCTO PORQUE TIENE UNA EXCELENTE PRESENTACION, EMBALAJE PERFECTO, Y EL VENDEDOR ES HONESTO Y RESPONSABLE CON LO OFRECIDO", "I am always decked out in Jordan gear. Never worn sandals before, but these are very comfortable and affordable while keeping the Jordan look.", "First, these are ultra soft and comfortable -- for about 7 minutes. I bought them because they are one of the few flip flops that you can wear if you have wide feet.Once your foot starts to adjust to the flip flop, you can not maintain your foot on the sandal itself and you end up walking on the bare bottom of  your foot on the street. These are so flimsy they can't even keep your foot in them.Garbage.", "Needed a new pair of red gym sneakers, I knew i wanted Nikes. Looked at a few different pairs before i settled on these, wasn't sure about the dots and didnt want to pay $80 bucks. I DEFINITLY mad the right choice!! These are one of the most comfotable pairs of sneakers i have ever had! The insoles are super soft & cushiony!!! Spending $80 bucks on sneakers when they are this nice isnt so bad! Oh yea, the dots look pretty cool, too!! haha!", "These shoes are great - a little bit on the cushiony side given all the rage of the light weight - closer to running bare foot - shoes, but they still work for me!", "Do not buy this shoe unless you want to get injured. I have been a runner for about 10 years now and have been through all sorts of shoes. I thought I'd give this shoe a try and immediately the next running I strained my right leg. I was barely even jogging.Chalking it up to bad luck, I stopped for a week and rest. When I got into a softball game the following week, I was running to catch a pop fly and POP, a huge pop was felt in hamstring. I am so happy it turned out to be a strain rather than a rupture.I have felt nothing but pain and torture running in these shoes and I will never return to a Nike shoe product again. Got new shoes, guess what? No pain. It is essentially robbery by charging such a high price for such a bad shoe knowing they are paying sweatshop kids .25 cents an hour to make them? Thieves.Buy at your own risk.", "I bought the shoes for my husband for running. He likes it, perfect size. We are happy with the purchase.", "They are great and have lasted a long time. There is one issue though, they do well with wet surfaces. If you have a laminated floor, they squeak horribly and if there is any standing water, there is the potential to fall. This does not apply for outside surfaces though...", "sooo very nice i would like to have same style in diferents color, good quality. I love my shoes. I'm buy another color", "I love these. Great choice. Good quality and price. Great birthday or Christmas present. Would recommend to family and friends.", "These shoes are lightweight incredibly cushioned and breathe nicely.  I definitely notice the impact much less when running in these than any of my previous runners which included Nike Air Alaris +2, Saucony Grid Cohesion 4 and Asics Gel Frantic 6. I do suggest you get fitted for a pair of shoes by a professional then buy what works best for you.", "nice shirt to work out in. I really like the way this sleeveless shirt fits, it feels great. worth it", "This product is amazing! I love it. I would also recommend it and I would definately buy it again without thinking twice.", "very happy whit these item nice colors fits just right the price was a good pay for what i got", "Shoe seemed a bit clunky and the build quality was less than desirable. There was glue oozing out of the seams which was surprising since I am quite the Nike customer.", "I saw these shoes for $50, and I just couldn't help myself. Delivery was quick and everything was in order. The shoe feels great. It's very light and stable, and looks good, as well. The only knock that I had was that there was a subtle orange stain on the tongue of my left shoe. It looks like it came from the packaging, but that's all. It's a great shoe for a really good price, for casual use or for basketball.", "At this price I recommand to consider the under armors they are sheeper and a good quality!!I'm running 10Km a week for years and their are one of the best tought!", "Didn't love these. They must run a little small because my feet feel cramped in them. Not much cushion, but you might go for that in your socks.", "These are the best socks I've ever had.  The are a bit tight to put on, but otherwise great product.  My feet sweat a little, but it does keep foot odor to a minimum,  These socks are also great for preventing blisters.", "In between dog walking, treadmill and work, I put in a lot of miles in my socks. Most fall apart in 3 months. These have lasted a little over a year before I started getting wear-through on the ball of the foot area. They hold their shape well and are pretty snug (they have ribbed area around the middle of the foot that some find annoying. I like it as they stay in place. Not really expensive when you consider they last me 3 - 4 times as long as other socks.", "I searched on Amazon.com for NIKE dri fit socks.  I thought that is what I had ordered as they were priced a bit higher than other socks.  When I received them, I learned that the they were regular NIKE socks.  I am a bit disappointed!", "Socks that fit and feel great. Although pretty pricey, Nike socks feel great and provide a lot of comfort. Only negative side for those of you who do not like linen going everywhere, if you do sweat in them for the first couple of uses, it will get all over your feet and in your shoes. That though, is a pretty simple clean.", "These are nice, comfortable socks for misc. sporting activities in Summer.  I need to see how they hold up but at This point I will buy again.", "Not sure about the authenticity.No tags.  No packaging.  They run small.  The Nike Logo looks bunk.If they were real Nike products, I don't know why the tags would need to be removed prior to shipping.  Very suspect.  I don't have the time or effort to send them back or I would.fast delivery though", "These are identical to any low price socks that you can buy in a discount store. They are not Nike dri-fit (not do they say they are) but somehow this comes up when you search for dri-fit. There is no Nike tag or anything Nike about these other than the swoosh on the socks. I can go out and buy similar pair from any street vendor in NYC Chinatown. Socks are ok but nothing like high performance socks. I would not go hiking in these, not wear them for any running or workout. Size runs small, so order a bit larger. I wear 8 1/2 shoes and the L just fits. For anybody with 9 1/2 shoe size these will be to small. I did give them the benefit of the doubt and a days try.", "El producto solicitado fue el realmente recibido, tal como se pidio. La mercancia llego en muy buen estado y dentro del tiempo estimado. Recomiendo esta v&iacute;a para realizar las compras ;)", "I bought mine to use as a gym bag.  I decided to spend a little more money this time around.Well, after two months of ownership, it appears that that was money wasted.  I only use mine for the gym.  It typically is in my vehicle with a change of gym clothes and nothing more.  I'm not rough with the bag; I don't toss it around or anything of that nature.  The issue I'm already having is that the zipper mechanism is  beginning to malfunction, and one of the two zipper handles has already completely come off its tracks.  Upon closer inspection, it occurs to me that if I move the remaining zipper handle over too far, it's at risk of coming right off the track as well.The bag I replaced was cheaper and served me better than this thing has.Oh, and don't be fooled by the picture.  See how sturdy and durable it looks?  Well, it's quite flimsy.UPDATE:  Two days after this review was originally posted, the other zipper handle came off.  I can no longer zip up my bag.", "After looking everywhere for the perfect bag, my son saw this and never looked at more. The size was even bigger then I expected, its Nike so the quality is there, color is what it looks like. He stuffs his soccer gear, ball, clothes and who knows what else in there.", "Daughter loved the bag. Big enough for softball uniform, shoes, big bottle of gatorades, sweats, sweatshirts. Exactly what she was looking for & a very pretty purple. Sturdy enough to have her name professional stitched on it!!", "very good bag and looks real slick. I needed a good quality bag that looked good and i found it with this product. Its a good size too. .", "i bought this handbag because in july i have plans for the gymactually it says meduim but WOW this bag is really spacefull and im sure that it will serve every athlete purposesgreat product seems to be made of great material i like it didnt use it yet but its good.......", "My Son loves this bag. Says it has tons of room for the many pairs of shoes that he plans to take on vacation", "I use this bag for yoga and I LOVE IT.  It is sturdy but light.  It has all the compartments that I need.  The &#34;wet/shoe&#34; compartment is the best because I can put my sweaty clothes and towels in there and they don't mix with anything else, and they ALL FIT in that space!!  I can put my gym clothes, my work clothes, and all the stuff I need to be ready for work after the gym.  It's perfect!", "I love how roomy this bag is, and the side pockets have proven very useful.  However, I was very displeased with the thinness of the material.  It looks and feels like it would rip very easily.", "Best Duffel I've owned. Use it everyday. It's light and holds a lot of stuff. Also washed it in the machine with no issues! Love it!", "This this is huge, but will literally hold everything you need.  I go to the gym after work and then usually out with friends and this bag easily holds several changes of clothes, a toilet bag and who knows what else.  I seriously live out of this thing.", "Pretty comfortable for a duffel. I use this during the holidays when I travel home from school. Sometimes I use this for short road trips too. The product is too big for the gym though so I would get the small for that.", "kinda thin in my opinion.lets see if it lasts under frequent use.size is perfect (in no way a huge bag) can b used as cheap weekender or gym bag", "Gift for someone, I have a smaller one for myself. Both look great and mine has lasted few years with no sign of wear.", "I use for the gym. I have everything pink. But this bad is amazing. It looks good. Great material and fits all my stuff.", "This bag is perfect for the gym. Its larger than expected!  Love the color too! Ships fast as well and reasonably priced", "My wife just told me she saw my gym bag here. I am a bit shocked to see it sell at this high price in Amazon. Isn't Amazon supposed to be price competitive?Anyway, I got it in our local Marshall's. So my suggestion is to check your local stores first, because this one is really over priced here. I got it for $16.As for the quality, I would see I like it so far. Since it is obtained at less than $20, I did not take extra good care of it. This one is a soft bag. I can easily stuff it into a gym locker. It is usually squeezed in because I have put a lot of things in it. But it has not been easily broken. A tough bag that satisfies my need.Again, if I bought it at $30+, I might think twice when pushing the stuffed bag into the steel locker. Glad I bought this bag. And glad I bought it at a better price.", "I had this bag for a abour 1 year and still looks and works great.. thinking about getting one more", "LOVE IT!!! such a sturdy bag to hold all my softball things and great quality for what it endures !", "My 15 year old loves this bag.  It is big and has lots of space for Lacrosse equipment.  She stays after school 5 days a week and this bag goes everywhere.  She loves how it handles and keeps all her equipment together.", "EL producto es excelente,Me fue muy util, y de una gran marca como NIKE, representa calidad, ya he utilizado para los viajes, y me ha soportado la humedad de cambio de clima de Calor a frio en los viajes.Thank you...", "I bought this for my GF and it was perfect the only thing is it was so much bigger than I expected", "My son absolutely loves Nike. Nike shirts, Nike shoes, Nike socks...and this was a must have for him. He uses this bag to go to sleepovers and vacations. No one else can use it and I will probably be purchasing a new one soon.", "I love this bag it has plenty of space and i can fit my basketball and two pair of shoes in there , and its very easy to cary. i love this bag 100%", "This bag is perfect for sports, sleepovers, or just caring things around. It is the perfect size for a kid.", "Highly recommend this bag, great quality perfect size, and love the color (so girly). :)I receive LOTS of Compliments on this bag.", "Works perfect for my daughter and all her volleyball needs! Can fit food, blanket and all essentials in it!! Nice bag!", "Great bag..the wife fits everything she needs to train..highly recommend this bag for those who workout and have lots of gear.", "Nice bag. Looks strong enough, the fabric is rather thin but feels robust. Takes lots of stuff. three more words required", "The price was good it's good size holds up great my son has used this all school year and it still looks as if we just got it", "The bag is perfect for my son's karate gear needs as well as any extras that he has.  The color is perfect too.", "Very nice bag, my son loves it! Quality is good and the price is excellent..he uses this bag for gym in school everyday, totally recomend it.", "Lovely color, great quality. I am writing this review 6 months after purchase because, well. you can't tell how a product will last in a few uses.This has been used every day since purchase to carry smelly wrestling shoes, track shoes, football cleats and basketballs.  It has worked out so well we bought a smaller one for the younger sibling.Buying quality once in a while saves money.", "Perfect size for your shoes and workout gear..I love the multiple pockets! And, if you love fuchsia or pink, this bag is for you!", "THIS IS A GREAT BAG WAS MORE THAN I EXPECTED LOVE IT AND USE IT EVERYDAY.I AM GOING TO GET ONE FOR MY FRIENDS ,WAY TO GO NIKE HATS OFF", "This is a very good bag. It just arrived. It is everything i wanted in my gym bag. The Medium is pretty big, so if you're contemplating the large, I'd say the medium is big enough. The zipper seems like it could be stronger but time will tell.", "I was skeptical about spending this much on a gym bag, but it's worth every penny. Light, spacious, well segmented and, form the feel of it, durable.", "I think its a little small (but since I ordered the small size, I cant complain) but its a great bag! I have no complaints!", "Perfect sized duffel bag especially for the gym! Not too big but not too small! Well worth the money and I love the color.", "This bag was just what I needed:  a small, durable bag for transporting my extra clothes, shoes and water (along with whatever random things I have with me) to and from school for tennis practice. It could do with some other smaller pockets, but is overall good for the price and will last me a while! I recommend it to people looking for a small reliable bag just for essentials.", "This is the perfect-sized gym bag - not too big and I love the bright pink color.  I would definitely recommend it.", "I am very happy with my purchase. This bag is the perfect size and is well manufactured. Thanks again Nike for making a great product as always.", "Really simple as to why I'm not satisfied. NO side pockets. Could of been perfect. It's ok but not loving it", "My daughter picked out this bag.  It's perfect for her, not too big or small to hold what she needs while traveling to her softball games.  She just loves it!", "i love this bag it's perfect size to bring what u need to the gym and be stylish i love nike so it's a show of for my gear lol.", "It's nice and what I wanted! I love it but I really wanted it to have more compartment! Other then that it's great!", "it is the perfect size, has enough compartments for the stuff i need, the material is very nice and the little mesh on the side of it gets rid of bad odors.", "Main compartment holds a pair of shoes, gym clothes, easy with space to spare, no problem at all.  There's a small internal accessory pouch for keys or other such items.  Side pocket as well as you can see in the image.  Perfect size fits easily in a locker.  Looks plenty durable and looks sharp in red/black.  Handle wrap clasp has a nametag sewn on the inside, where you can ink in your name and number.  Only small complaint would be the over the shoulder strap doesn't have a wrap around type pad/clasp, so the longer straps can be a tad disorderly.", "My son needed a bag for little league football and this one fit the bill. Fairly good Nike brand quality and has sufficient  space for the purpose it was purchased. I would definitely recommended to family and friends. I did however thought it would be a little bigger.", "I purchased this for my daughter approximately 2 years ago and it gets used A LOT! I ordered this one because she's very tiny and needed a bag like this, just like all of her team-mates had, but not as large as most of them come. She now uses it three days a week for dance, so its used a lot still.  I can't believe how well it has held up. Great seller, as well. You won't be dissapointed.", "Plenty of space for cycling shoes and all the rest of my gym necessities. I just wish there was an outside pocket for my water bottle.", "The color and size are great. Perfect for carrying all gym necessities for after work/school. The small pocket inside is perfect for valuables and the front pocket is a good size too.", "This bag seems thin, but it's so well-made that, even 9 months later, it holds up like the day I got it.  I've used this thing to tote two 2-liter bottles and it shows no sign of wear nor tear.Terrific product.", "Perfect for my 10 year old basketball player! I didn't want a HUGE bag that would be a burden to carry and look sloppy! Great colors to pick from and wonderful quality!", "I am surprised by the amount of space the bag has. It classy and would recommend everyone to have one.", "Absolutely love my bag. Bigger than I expected and holds all the things I need to change for the gym including shoes and water. Great price and fast shipping.", "I love this bag. I fit my spin shoes, towel, water bottle, almost my whole yoga mat. I don't mind the mat sticking out. Since I'm only 5&#34;1' this bag is the perfect size. The strap is adjustable so for a short person like myself I can wear it a little shorter. Still fits what I need without being too big or heavy. The bag itself is very light, and the color is gorgeous. Violet is vibrant without being neon.LOVE this bag!", "I looked for the perfect duffle bag for my son and I are our local stores,  but everything seemed to be way too big for what I needed.  I finally decided to look on Amazon and came along this bag.  I went back and fourth about it for a few days before I decided to order it,  and I must say  --  I am so glad that I did order it.  It's the perfect size for my sons stuff along with mine when we go to our local gym to go swimming.  It will also do nicely as a diaper bag in July when I am due with my daughter and I will still be able to fit my sons stuff in it as well.  I'm extremely happy with my purchase,  only thing I wish was different  --  I hadn't waited a few days to order it and JUST ordered the bag.  Also was delivered to my door about 5 days sooner then my expected delivery date.  Perfect order and everything.  Thank you!  (:", "Is the right size for the gym, the color is beautiful also. I dont give a 5 because i wanted to have a pocket for water, something that I did not realize when I bought it and i dont specify to put the invoice outside because my shipping company need it, i dont know why. Besides that is a great item and i recommend buying it.", "The color is bright and the bottom is soft. My daughter loves this pair of sandals. She could not wait to put them on.", "I absolutely love these sandals. I bought two pair of them on a whim for my little girls to wear on vacation. We went to Fl. and of course did a ton of walking. These bad boys were def. our go to shoe. They not only look super cute but were amazingly comft. So conft. in fact, that my girls didn't complain once. Trust me that is a huge feat for them and their shoes. Norm. that's all they do is complain about their feet. We are going on vacation again this summer and you better believe we are taking another pair for each of the girls again this year. They also wear great too. I was able to pass them on to another family member who has a younger daughter. As much as my girls wore theirs last summer it's amazing to me that they were in good enough shape to hand down. If you can't tell already by my glowing review(you might be slow;)) I def. give these Nike sandals two big, fat thumbs up!!NIKE SUNRAY ADJUST 4(GS/PS) BIG KIDS/LITTLE KIDS 386520-600", "They are very comfortable, ideal for sports, running, walking and walking in the countryside. I recommend them. I love its design", "My son wears this twice per week for PE, they have surely stood to the rugged wear and tear.  Happy with my purchase", "My kids are absolutely murder on shoes, and though I find it difficult to spend extra money on Nikes, I have been pleasantly surprised at how well they have held up.", "My Son LOVES these shoes! He wants to run and play tag with his friends and they are PERFECT for that. He is 10 yrs old and loves the look of them. They came so quickly and just as expected. VERY HAPPY!", "Well these Nikie's are very pretty & I think I would have loved them if I had of recieved the right size!!!", "No offense, but every woman friends of mine loves it! This kicks goes great with jeans & khakiVery comfortable, and good ventilation for any stinky feet out there!", "I liked the colors but the cream/orange seem to be a bit brighter than I like but still good style.Size was right but most amazingly is how comfortable it feels.A great buy.", "these things fit great and look pretty cool at the same time  very comfortable  now im just typing to fill the word count to post this", "These are super comfortable shoes. The color is nice and they look very nice. Feels like wearing socks when you have them on.", "Good looking shoe. Just not sure if it is legit as I don't see the Nike label details inside the show. Still the shoe fit well and I hope it lasts. Time will tell.", "There's no way anyone should be paying over a $100 for these shoes you can go online to any other seller Finish line, foot locker, etc. and get these sneakers for less (3rd Party Sellers) that's what i did and they are comfortable", "As comfortable as the FlyKnit but half the price. Awesome.Shoes came in four days.Great for running and lifting.", "they are very comfortable and they are nice looking shoesthey are perfect for gym or for walking around really comfortable", "Very comfortable, very stylish, great price. More comfortable than the nike free runs in my opinion. Looks good with jeans or khakis.", "I found a good deal on these shoes on Amazon. I had been looking for a pair of Air Jordan's for my son. He likes them very much. No doubt these shoes are great quality as you would expect from a pair of shoes from one if not the most famous line of shoes from Nike.", "I really wanted to love these.  They are really cute!  But, as soon as I put them on, I knew this was not the shoe for me.  Not sure what is wrong but the sides seems to press in on my foot...which is very narrow to begin with! They felt hard and uncomfortable.  I walked around the house in them for a few hours to try to break them in, but it didn't seem to help. I bought them hoping for a comfortable pair of shoes to use in Disney World, but I could not imagine walking miles in these!  They are going back.", "been a fan of Griffey's for quite some time.......they fit perfectly around the foot and ankle.....worth every dime used for purchase", "good fitting shoe and nikes always have the best support in them. u just cant spray these with water repellent spray", "it was for my son he loves it real awesome man fits well, boss sneakers man every young man should get one thanks.", "This is a versatile trainer for gym-based activities including step and cardio dance such as Zumba. Forefoot cushioning is exceptional for impact, sole doesn't \"grip\" the floor too tightly so you can twist easily despite the lack of a pivot point. Plus, it's really cute. I have the pink and the turquoise -- wish I could find the citron-green it came in as well.", "altough the pictures looks great, these shoes are a bit chunky, maybe it's according to the size but they are chunkier than I would expect on low tops and I have many more jordans and this is the chunkiest even compared to my other high tops.", "I wore Nike Air Pegasus up until the +29 came out which was a very different shoe and not good for my feet.  I have been searching online for models prior to the +29 and buying any that I find in the correct size.", "I bought these shoes thinking that is original Nike shoe, but it was fake. I returned it and will not buy shoes if its not on the manufacturer site.", "Bought this for my husband. He uses it to put his phone, earplugs and extra shirt when he heads to the gym. He loves it!", "Bought this gymsack for my 13 year old daughter to carry her track stuff in.  It is a good quality material and is exactly what she needed.  Looks great too!", "My boyfriend needed something to hold his personal things will at work and this bag is great.  Not too big, not too small.  He takes it to work everyday.  Just as described.  It matches his uniform too.  : )", "Instead of using it as a gymsack, I am currently using it for school and, I have to say, that it is a great product for my use.There is a large space for all my daily class needs (T-89, 2 notebooks, laptop, a couple of pens, pencil, glasses). Even with all that items inside the gymsack, it didn't bulge out or maybe more accurately: much less bulgy than I expected. The gymsack is also high enough to allow it to fully close without being stopped by the width of my notebooks nor 13' laptop. The flat strap is also very comfortable, it is puts much less pressure than the cylindrical strap of my previous gymsack.The only downside is its lack of smaller, separate compartment. It is a little of a hassle to look for small items (pencil, pen, glasses, calculator) in the bottom of the gymsack, but I have found convenient ways to somewhat compensate for this downside: by putting a pen/pencil in the spiral spine of my notebooks.I must also mention the customer service of the seller. My first gymsack was lost on its way here, the seller generously re-ship another gymsack without any additional charges.", "This sack fits all the items that I need for my gym routine. I figured that a duffel gym bag was big and hefty to carry around, so this one is just perfect, lightweight while staying stylish. Fast shipping by the seller, excellent!", "got the niki black bag for my older grand son they come in handy for putty things in and he loves the bag", "I got this bag because I carry my lunch in it to work...also when I run to the gym on the weekends I keep my protein shake water bottles padlock etc", "This is a great quality pouch.  I wanted to put my gym clothes and shoes in it, but ended up just being able to put my clothes in it.  I wish it was a touch larger.", "This is my second gym bag I've bought on amazon and this one is holding up much better than the one i had before.  This bag goes to/from the gym 4x per week holding shorts, tank top, sox, undies, lifting gloves, bottle of soap, thermos with protein shake, couple small towels, tanning lotion bottle, ipod, moisturizer tube, deodorant, everything.  It's even been on a couple cruises and 4 or 5 plane trips.  No issues thus far, it's pretty durable..", "Seems nice and of good quality.  Son is in the 8th grade and uses it everyday at school.  It seems pretty rugged and still looks great after approx. 4 months of use.  Good item", "This bag came in very handy on my 5 week trip.  It held a lot. The straps were comfortable. The only thing I would have liked to have added is a zipper pocket to enable ;me to get to frequently used items more quickly.", "Got this for a student who stuffs his book bag. It was priced well and shipped fast. The pack stood all the cramming of books until the end of school. A good purchase.", "Great product.  Very durable! My kids use this as a book bag since the traditional book bags won't fit into their small lockers.", "i bought this for my husband to carry with him to the gym. its big enough to carry his gym things yet light and easy to carry!", "This gymsack is exactly what i wanted. Was able to fit my gym shoes, clothes, car keys, and water bottle inside. The quality is really great, and sturdy. When i recieved the package, the item was a bit dusty, but i was able to brush it off. Great price for it's quality.", "Orden&eacute; este producto desde venezuela y llego en buenas condiciones tal y como est&aacute; en la descripci&oacute;n. El producto es de buena calidad y servir&iacute;a para llevar una muda de camisa o de botas.", "It's well made and the size is perfect for my stuff. I have a locker in the gym, so I just carry the stuff that I need to take home in this gym sack and the size is perfect fo my purpose.", "The gym bag was great i bought it so i didn't have to carry around a backpack on campus all the time and the quality is really good. and durable.  my only complaint is the straps could be better as the are a little uncomfortable", "The bag appears well put together, but did not last.  I used the bag to carry my bike lock (2 lbs) back and forth from school and after two weeks the fabric tore and frayed at the seam.  Unless all you need to do is carry some light papers, would not recommend.", "Good quality, nice bags to carry on long walks. Good size, not too big or too small. Bought two for niece and nephew.", "Love this got it for my boy friend as a christmas giftThinking about getting myself oneI would defiantly tell ppl where to buy this &#9829;", "The Nike bag is wonderful. Great material. Look is very attractive. Perfect size. It's exactly what i need for when i go play indoor soccer: i'm able to take my shoes, wallet, and water bottle in it.Highly Recommend, A+++++", "I really wanted to have this shoes but they were bigger than I expected thats why I needed tu return them", "Love the cotton and the thickness of these socks. Like the fact that they can be bleached if needed. Good to wear with tennies", "I always and only wear ankle-cut socks. I bought these because they looked similar to what I normally wear, and because I know Nike makes good products. While the quality was there- these are very soft and comfortable- I find that the ankles are actually WAY too low to wear with tennis shoes- when working out with them, my shoes (which are not that high), will rub against my ankle bone. I found that disappointing because I've had similar Nike socks in the past that worked just fine. If you are just wearing them around the house though, these are nice and comfortable.", "I like these socks but they seem to run big - I am a women's size 9 so I thought the Medium would fit a little better :-)", "Nike SX4453 Women's Band Cotton No Show Sock - 6 Pack - White - Medium, Nike SX4453 Women's Band Cotton No Show Sock - 6 Pack - White - Medium", "i odered these shoes a little before st. patricks day and i was so happy they arrived almost a week before they said they would get here, i was so happy!! the shoe it self i mean what can you say bad about Jordans there great shoes!!", "It would be nice if there was something to keep the shoes from rubbing together inside the bag (since my shoes are white), but besides that, it's a pretty good bag to store my golf shoes in.", "They are magnificent shoes are a beauty design and color are excellent recommend them to everyone, and the price is best of all", "My grandson has wide feet so these were too narrow for him.  But he liked them if they had fit.", "It was a birthday gift and he love them so much. And I was very happy I give them an A+", "Initially, i bought this shoe because it was cheap.But we I got it, it looks better in person than the photos i have seen over the net.I'm glad i got this shoe and this is one of my fave Js ever..Highly recommended!", "There should be an option for &#34;uncomfortable&#34;. Nike sells a shoe for men that has a rounder front, but I'm not a guy so I purchased the women's shoe, expecting it wouldn't be so narrow, and pointy-toed. Well, it came and was hard, and pointy toed. Uncomfortable to wear, and too pointy of a toe. NIKE...why do we have to keep making women's toes pointy? Sort of sad, really. In the future, I'll buy shoes elsewhere. I don't think I'll ever wear these.", "I bought these sneakers for my son and had them shipped to his home. He loves them, and he received them lightning fast!", "I was super excited to get these shoes! I ordered them around week 15 of my pregnancy thinking it would be really nice to have a very supportive shoe to wear to work. Besides, this is what all the nurses are wearing right? Well, they just aren't very comfortable. I wore them for about three weeks before I realized they weren't going to \"break in\" and be comfortable. I still wear them anyhow, as I spent so much on them, and I think they look nice. Primarily there just isn't any padding or give to this shoe. They are hard on the feet, especially the heel! After wearing them for about three hours or so my feet are killing me, and I know it's not just the pregnancy because I have other shoes that don't hurt my feet at all. These could definitely be improved by adding some padding to the soles.", "My son likes them for comfort. I like them for durability and the fact that white sneakers go with everything. They clean up pretty well, too!", "The shoe looks great and feels comfortable on one of my feet.  However, the other shoe seems to have a raised area on the inside wall that presses against a bone in the side of my foot.  I am breaking them in slowly in the hopes they will stretch or soften but after quite a bit of wearing the problem remains.", "Bought these shoes for my nephew. He's only three but because of these shoes he can now round house dunk a full size ring.", "Ordered them for my daughter who is only in the 8th grade and runs track at school.  They worked perfect for her!", "These shoes were a must have.  I am happy I have small feet because I was able to purchase kids size and it didn't cost as much as it could have if I bought it in my regular size.", "My son of 12 years old just love themlight weightnice colorvery comfortableare just as shown in the picture", "I love my lady Nikes use them all the time during workout. Lightweight nice color. Quality I expect from Nike", "El zapato es muy comodo y liviano, vale muchisimo la pena comprarlo, recomendado al 100% esteticamente es muy bonito. comprenlo", "I purchase an extra pair or pink laces, to ad more fun to them. they are and feel amazingly good.", "A really great shoe and quick delivery! I didnt think i would like the yellow but it actually works really well and its not overdone! Commfy too! :)", "This was the only shoe I could find in my size that held the Nike sensor. I am even happier with this pair than my old lunar glides. I've been wearing them about a month and notice the rubber in the soles has cracks which looks almost like weather checking on tires. It makes one wonder where they've been and how old they are. I hope they don't break down too soon because I like them.", "I really liked them based on the picture, but i actually thought they were white. I guess I didn't read the description close enough to realize they were a light gray. If I didn't already have 2 pair of gray shoes I would have most definitely kept them. They fit great and looked great!", "Really cant go wrong with any Nike shoe, very comfortable and it looks good. Had a lot of people compliment me on the shoes...", "Great shoe! I do 6.5 m 3 times a week - in hilly terrain and I love em! 250lbs. 6 foot 1- they can take it. 4th pair of Nike Lunarlon shows- I have a pair of Lunar Eclipse 2's on the way- they are supposed to be a bit plusher- we'll see how they compare in another 500!", "I have had a lot of Nike shoes in the past, and while I have always liked them, but these seem more durable that past pairs I have owned.  4 stars instead of 5 only because I wish there were a few more color combinations to choose from.  I don't mind this scheme, but felt like I settled because otherwise they were the best pair I found for the money in my size.", "The cushioning in these shoes is great. I think they are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. Very happy with them.", "very happy with my selection, will order again when I need new ones but not till then I am a man of not to many words", "Being a forty two year old male and suffering with an old left knee injury and an arthritic bunion on the top of my left big to lets just say I have not been able to fully enjoy the exercise I enjoy most.A few months ago I consulted a foot doctor who said he could perform surgery on my toe and remove the bunion with about six weeks recovery time or I could stop running. He said I could also try a stability shoe to cushion and support my sore toe.I have tried stability shoes in the past and being a neutral runner they felt as if I had bricks tied to my feet. I have tried saucony, brooks and asics stability models and all with the exception of the asics were clunky.I ordered these Lunarglide +3's last week and received them at a great price with fast shipping as usual. Popped the senor out of my old Lunarmax's and into my new Glides and was ready to go.Out of the box I did my three mile run on pavement and from the first steps noticed something different, cushioning combined with a very light stable running shoe. Also they fit like a glove and secure nicely around your mid foot.The ride of these shoes is fast and stable with lots of cushion but not to the point where it feels artificial or weird.Suffice to say during and after my run I had no toe or knee pain which I had suffered through so long.I highly recommend these running shoes to anyone with similar old injuries or anyone who wants to save their joints from unnecessary pounding.If the first three miles in these are a sign of what's to come I will be hoarding these shoes before long.Great job Nike, keep it up.", "This is my first Nike running shoe and I must admit they are the best running shoes I ever had (I've already used asics, new balance, brooks products ). People that like me are heavy (about 95kg) will defenetelly benefit. I'm getting a second pair.", "I had high hopes for these shoes but I simply can't get a pair to fit me.  The toe box seems a bit narrower than most and the arch support is back too far.  The bottoms are very nicely cushioned and the shoes are wonderfully light, yet they offer lateral support, but I simply cannot wear them.  I have a standard \"D\" width foot that fits most shoe brands, but apparently not this shoe.If this shoe fits you, and if your arch is far back on your foot then this is probably one of the nicest running shoes you will find, but . . .I'm rating it 3 starts, not because of its quality (quality is 5 stars) but because they should have some disclaimer for how they fit and how they are on the narrow side of the spectrum of shoes.", "It's light, and looks good for my run training. I still need to run some more but I believe I got a perfect one for my needs.", "The most confortable shoes you can buy. It's a lovely experience for running because it protects your feet and your knees.", "Ive just got these Lunarglide+ 3 and have used them for a week.So far Ive used them at the gym once, a one hour walk, a 20min average running tempo in the treadmill and a 10 min fast tempo intervall on the treadmill, as well as 10 min or so on a crosstrainer. (Im about 5'10 175 pounds and exercice 2-4 times per week, normaly a mix of gym and cardio).Positive: Feels very light, good support for pronation, good heal cushioning, fits snugly/well on the foot, very good looks (I think), overall comfortable, true to size (compared to what I usually wear)Negative: Not good arch support (Ive got extremly high arches, for these I would need custom insoles), narrow in the toe-box (the outside of my two smalles toes falls on the edge of the insole), the cushioning in the front part of the shoes not as good as in the heals (compared to other shoes Ive used).Verdict: Overall the shoes \"feels\" very nice, significantly lighter than my old ones, noticable when running especially. Should be good for moderate over pronators with reasonably narrow feet not needing too much arch support.", "these are excellent shoes!! . I appreciate them actually sending the correct size. this was my first shoe purchase online and I was skeptical at first, its a high possibility I would buy from this seller again!", "Comfortable, lightweight, and cute. Nike's shoes always work so well for me. I wear a 6 1/2 in heels and a 7 in Nike's, needless to say they run a little small, but so comfortable.", "The shoe itself is fine, but once I wore them they looked too fluffy and pillowy.  Plus I mistakenly thought these shoes did not require tying shoelaces (thought these were slip on types).", "Great running shoe!  Very light and the feet do not get too hot.  Not much arch support if you need a lot... but once you start running it's not noticeable.  I like the fun colors that are offered too.", "Excellent quality, delivery was on time. The shoe is very comfortable, great ankle support, but they are for indoor play not to play outdoor", "I really like the style and the comfort of the shoe but the sizing of this particular style runs small. I normally have a small slender foot so I though my normal size 5 would work but unfortunately my toes are a little too snug for my liking. I should have played it safe and went for a 5 1/2.", "I received this purchase well package and delivered timely as the seller promised.  Once I worn these Nike Shox roadster, I am more than please with this product.  The fit, look and durability of this product, I am more than satified.  I highly recommed this product if you are looking for a good walking/running shoe.", "Fit perfect, very comfortable,feet don't get tired compare to other sneakers even after a long day ,,highly recommend, fast shipping", "These shoes are great for walking in the gym, which is the use that I give them mostly. They feel soft and firm at the same time. When I walk it seems that I was in the air. The design seems very classic and beautiful at once. The color combination is beautiful and discreet. It has plenty of ventilation so that the foot does not sweat, as much as it has traveled. And the price seemed very good as well, given the quality they have. I recommend you buy it if you want to have a Nike footwear that provides comfort and relaxation while walking. Definitely in the future I'll buy another equal but different colors", "I am so in love with this pair of shoes.  The fit is perfect and they are very comfortable. I work out with a trainer and am starting to run, the shoes accommodate both activities.  Only thing was shipping seemed slow or maybe I was just too excited to receive them :)", "These new sneakers are great and perfect for training in >>>>>they are light weight & nicely ventilated with a nice sure grip sole, colour coordination & style are nice & smooth, not agressive so for me they are perfect (i don't like being a show off : ))", "I use it everyday to carry my heavy books and it feels really comfortable. I wish it could have more pockets, but the main pocket is big enough for everything.", "The sole of the shoe is more of a neon blue than it looks like in the picture but I LOVE these shoes. Super lightweight, cute and comfy.", "Very uncomfotable im a nurse and I wore these as my work shoe the in side of the shoe is wearing out and gave me blisters iv had them for a month", "this shoe is the by far the best that i have ever used for running ... i am a amateur runner and do it purely to stay fit ..... but am plagued by a Plantar & ITB pain in the my right leg and it troubles me no end .. this show is built perfectly for me and i just love it ... the balance seems perfect, the cushioning just right and love the colours :-) ( little vanity ) ..... i am presently using a lunar glide 4 and this is not a patch on the pegasus trail running shoe and am waiting for a opportunity to change over to my old favourite", "The shoes are comfortable and lightweight, the color is nice I liked it, but I must say that is much stronger than it looks in the pictures. The color is like a neon orange, really shocking.", "These shoes are on the way to goodwill.  I ran in Lunar Glides for 4 models and had no issues. On the Nike site you can select something like cushion or firm.  I would normally select cushioned.  When I purchased these there was no selection.  A few long runs 8-12ish and my feet hurt! I was shocked how bad these were. These are firm, and hurt my feet, even just wearing around the house.", "I have a problem with the side of my foot rolling outward and it causes pain on the side of my foot and ankles .  These shoes have a little extra support on the side of the shoe and its a big help . No pain while doing regular walking around the house . I cant wait to try at the park .", "These are supposedly the ONLY motion control shoe that Nike makes. They were inexpensive, and feel very cushy. I stood in them for a good 8 hours and my feet were not fatigued at all. Love the fun color combo. The material breathes very well, and isn't binding at all.", "Love this shoe, even though I'm not a runner.  The Nike guys told me it would be a good shoe for wearing around school, and they were absolutely right. I'll get another pair. The toe box is also roomy and does not pinch any toes..", "I'm basically a beginner runner/jogger. I've been running for two years now. I've had two pairs of Nike Lunarglide, this being my second pair.I find these shoes very comfortable and help my form- I tend to run on the outside of my feet without these shoes. I absolutely love thee running shoes and recommend them.", "The quality of the product is ok but not well made at all. I bought them for my mom and lighter color was expected. The green color is so flashy !!!!!", "I Love this pair of shoes!! it's so light, modern and fits perfectly. I saw this same style at the mall and the price was double. I would definitely recommend this to everyone!!", "good sneaker..one thing is the back portion up by your ankle is a little thick and takes some getting used to but other than that...good stuff", "I bought these shoes to wear for exercies and they fit ok. They are a little loose but not enought to cause to much trouble. They do get dirt fast and are hard to clean but its a shoe.", "I really like the look of these 2012 Nike Air Max shoes, with the silver on gray, and the transparent soles. They are comfortable, though not as cushioning compared to other running shoes I've had in the past. Perhaps if worn in more, they might become less stiff and feel more \"soft\".", "My husband gave me a pair of these for Xmas and I am absolutely in love with them.I have three annoying and painful conditions: a bulging disk (L4/L5), lateral patellar maltracking (fancy way of saying that my knee caps don't like to stay where they belong), and heel fat pad syndrome (inflammation of the fatty tissue of the heel, feels like your bones are hitting the pavement with every step.)  I'm not as much of a mess as all that makes me sound, but seriously, that stuff hurts. When I wear these kicks my feet are happy, my knees hurt much much less, and my back can keep up with me for much longer. I have a closet full of sneakers and these are easily, hands down, my absolute favorites. All that plus they are nice looking! I've gotten comments on them at the gym.They are expensive, I likely would not have bought them for myself because of the cost, but after running and going to the gym in them I know they are worth every penny. In fact, I plan on buying another pair!", "I wanted a gray sneaker to wear to match some gym clothes I have. Of course I wanted a comfortable sneaker too. I have other Nike sneakers, but have never tried the Air Max. I tried them on when they arrived and they fit perfectly!! Even when I put on thicker socks, they still were comfy!! I put them to the test at the gym. An hour of weight training, hour of cardio, 15 mins of abs. I jumped, ran, walked, planked, did lunges, squats, etc. and my feet felt like I was walking on clouds!!!! Very comfy and stylish!!", "I really like these new shoes. I found the size to be a bit larger. But they are really comfortable for someone that works on their feet all day. They are hard to clean and I'm not brave enough to throw them in my washer.", "I was happy with my purchase, product was as decribes, and arrived on time. The only reason i am not giving it 5 stars is because of the price. A bit too expensive.", "I got these shoes to wear to Disney World.  They are so bright and blue.  I have several pairs of AirMax and they are all so comfortable for my aging feet.  I recommend them.", "love these shoes. so comfy. and the color is a bright coral. i use for daily gym use. i could recommend. note: these shoes ran big compared to other nike shoes.", "These shoes fit great and are comfortable. They have a lot of cushion and provide a lot of support. You can also wash them and they wear well.", "These sneaks were for my wife.  She is a physical education teacher and is on her feet all day.  She loves them.", "My wife is an RN on her feet all day. These are the only shoes she has found (believe me she has tried many different brands) that give her the support she needs", "I thought I would be super excited but I wasn't, they look cheap and they are not as comfy as expected.  I would not buy another pair of these ever again.", "I love the support, I can walk for hours without having back pain- yeah.  have tried all the other brand shoe but nothing is as comfortable and has support as this one.", "Really enjoyed this shoe would buy again. Used for work which is 12 hour shifts on cement. I treated the screen areas before wearing for protection from spills. Wiped clean.", "My boss bought these shoes for me in Hong Kong and upon wearing them I loved the feel! They were extremely comfortable and easy on my ankles. BUT within the first 3 hours of wearing them at my local supermarket I leaned to one side and the air bubble popped! I didn't worry for the first few months but recently when running, exercising and even walking I felt my heel touching the ground and it made an extremely unpleasent noise as the air continued to escape. If these shoes don't pop I reccommend them, but once they pop they aren't useful at all.", "They are very comfy and stylish!  The best part is they are lightweight and I love how air flows through them...", "I boought this shoes for run, they are confortables and very beautiful.  looks good with my jeans also and the color is pretty nice.", "I freaking love these awesome, beautiful, blue Nike shoes! They fit perfectly and  the colors are great. I am on my feet 12 hours a day for 4 days straight and these shoes make it a little more tolerable.", "I already have had a pair for 1 year, could not find them any where.  Thank you Have good day", "I love the color and it looks and feels great! I love to run and walk in these  shoes, they are comfy and adorable!", "I bought these in gray and size 9.  I usually wear 8.5 in sneakers but Nike's seem to run small. They go with everything and are great sneakers for running, if you can get your size right.  I feel like maybe I could have gone a whole size up , but am not sure because I didn't end up exchanging them.", "This is my second pair, and goes with the 4 pair my husband has.  These are the most comfortable shoes - for working out, for working when you're on your feet all the time, or for just walking around.", "I love these shoes, however, the toe area needs reinforcement.  Both of my shoes have holes in the toes already and it has only been 2 months.  For the money, I think they should have lasted longer.", "Good for runner with over weihgt, in fact, its one of the best if you are over weight and whant to run.", "these are the most comfortable shoes i have worn yet! i bought some zigs and really enjoyed them, but these shoes are even better for comfort. i will admit that the zigs seem to keep your feet cooler but im very pleased. the seller did a great job and i will be ordering another pair soon!", "I loathe to run for sports. I hate it. I refuse to do it and I don't in these shoes. I do, however, walk a lot for my job and this is the only shoes that don't leave my knees and high arches aching for mercy at the end of the day. I strongly recommend these shoes.", "I got these in black for my son as work out/running shoes. He's 15 & a size 11 & comfort is key! He can't stop saying how comfortable they are. They are light weight, flexible and breathable too. So although that cost a little more then I wanted to spend they are a great quality shoe.", "When I wanted to check out a running shoes for my early morning jogging schedule I could think of no other brand than Nike. But Nike has a whole lot of shoe range choosing one would be a tough job. But I managed to get one that I wanted the most, the best running shoes ever by Nike. Free Run+ 2 running shoe is the one I was looking for. It gives me a feel as if I run barefoot, the design is so light.The Nike natural motion technology helps in giving a smooth run, reducing on any chance of injury. It gives flexible support for my feet thereby giving a relaxing feel. This one piece design is working great on my foot.", "These shoes are amazing, they're super light, and so comfortable with how the soles flex so much. They did take a little getting used to. In the store (Footlocker) I thought they were not for me, but I'm glad I gave them a chance. They're awesome.", "These shoes are very comfortable and lite.  I use these for running, walking, or even a casual day out.  Looks great with shorts.  Be careful not to scuff the shoes because they are difficult to take out.  Other than that, I would definitely purchase these again.", "I have been running with Nike shoes for the last 6 years, and have just made the switch from Nike SHOX to these , and I am impressed, your whole foot feels like its running on squishy carpet , the outside is very lite and thin, these are not leather or plastic, to save on weight, laces as always are great and the tongue is almost paper thin as well yet holds firm during flat out runs, have put about 10 miles on them and i did not have any foot numbness or slip inside the shoe wearing normal socks, if you looking for a total foot coverage these are it, medium gate at medium wide build , spring is medium high and toe traction is medium high , very mush worth the $160 paid", "I bought these shoes for my gym workout, they are very confortable and perfects for this work, very recommended shoes.", "I actually have three pairs of these shoes. I have some issues with my feet, knees, and back, so after buying my first pair I knew I needed a few more as it is hard for me to find good shoes for me. Great cushioning, wider fit. Very happy with the purchase.", "I really love these shoes comfort level.I m a big and tall guy who is always up and down roofs,these shoe provide great support and comfort.There is only a bit of issue when the soles get wet.They get a little slippery.But they are supper great in all other aspect,also your feet are  ventilated and cool through out the day.", "The specified product arrived timely and in good repair. It was checked and found to be in good fit and free of defects.", "Fast delivery.  It shipped out to an APO address in about a week. The shoe is great. I have had foot problems with every shoe i use when running.  Bottom of my foot always seems to hurt.  With these shoes i have no problems.  I think its because my foot can stretch more with them.  Best shoes for running i have ever had.  Also a good gym shoe cuz they be light weight...", "I've tried other variants of Nike's Free line of shoes, notably the Free 7's, which admittedly fit the groove of my feet better, but were a little narrow, causing discomfort on the outside my right foot. I don't have the same issue with these thankfully, so if you're a guy with wider feet these are actually a good option.In terms of performance on the road and track, they work. The Frees are light, incredibly flexible and offer increased sensation for your feet when you run. Really, the feeling is pretty cool especially if you're used to typical running shoes. However, that liberation comes with increased responsibility. Nike Frees don't offer any real support. You can't heel strike in these -- you can and could, but you will most likely get injured. You have to change your running style, learn how to run on the balls of your feet and keep your technique in mind. That brings me to the point: these are hybrid running shoes, offering the flexibility and light weight of minimalist shoe with more of the forgiving padding of a traditional running shoe. They're great shoes if you plan on gradually making the transition to minimalist/barefoot running and they're a fantastic option for the casual to advanced athlete looking for a good mix of style and function.Now here's the Big Problem, at least for me:  These shoes are awful trail/mountain running shoes. The waffle pattern offers little traction on dirt and inclines, causing you to slide as if you're skating. Do not run trails or run up hills in these, at least long rocky trails. It's something I've learned first hand and the number one thing any buyer (at least any trail runner) should know. Nike doesn't really have a Free Trail variant so I may just take the leap and go for Vibram Spyridons. Who knows.", "I've had these shoes for quite a while. Although I wouldn't consider myself a runner, I have run quite a few times in them. They are very comfortable fit and running on the road. If you hit some gravel they are not as great, but they are not made for running on rocks so I expected it.", "These running were very comfortable and thwre was no breakin period. The blue color was a different then the advertisment but not much. I like the run 2s better than the run 3s due to the design. These shoes do run small so make sure you order a size bigger. These shoes are made to wear without socks. I love them, great running in them and walking the dog.", "I love the look of these sneakers. I would have them in a second, if it weren't for the fact that they are SO uncomfortable for me. I tried them on in Foot Locker and it was a NO for me. The heel is very firm, the arch is very high and the toe is very soft, making for a very uncomfortable fit. However, I see a lot of people wearing this sneaker, so for some people it must be comfortable. My advice would be to try these on first in a store, before buying online.", "It is very hard to find shoes that fit and for once not having to return them.When my son tried on these shoes and to see the look on his face was priceless because he said at last I found a shoes that fels good and finally fits my feet.we have been on other sites but this one is by far the best if your looking for great value on items", "Bought these shoes a few weeks ago and absolutely love them.  Fit great and were comfortable right out of the box.", "Most comfortable workout shoe I've ever worn.  Great for the feet for any purposes, including jogging and casual.  My daughter has a pair and loves them too.", "I purchased these shoes just over a month ago, for use in the gym, and while running track & field. These are unlike any show I have ever had, they are supportive, comfortable and very flexible. I was amazed by how light the shoe is as well! Each one can't weigh more than a few ounces. I run in these shoes on a daily basis, on cement, track, dirt, grass, and everything in between. They clean easily, don't stain easily, and the color (blue) has not faded a bit. I highly recommend these shoes for any avid, or even occasional runners. They are also not bad for playing basketball in, which surprised me. They add a few inches to your vertical :D", "I brought the shoes to run in National Health Week for my organzation.  They are comfortable and I like them.  An excellent shoes!!!!!", "They are way too small don't know what I am going to do about it. What are my options? Mike Fowles", "I cannot say for certain if these are &#34;real Nikes&#34; or if they are cheap knocks offs, but the cushioning seems dissipate quickly after you start wearing them. Of course the cushioning was great for the first few weeks of just using only at work, but now my heals become sore and fatigued quickly after only a few hours of use. I have never used them for running; I use them for work as a Respiratory Therapist in a hospital working from 0700-1900 three days a week. I have had many Nike sneakers throughout my 21 years as a Respiratory Therapist, and these are by far the worse for my use at work. I will most likely start using them just as regular beaters for every day use.", "THese are great.  Buy them... I love the color.  THey hold up well under some middle distance running. slip on and off very easily. I like them.", "love these shoes.  I bought a pair last year at a local store and went back to get them and they had no more.  Found them here.  I wish they had more.  Best running shoes by far!", "I'm afraid I bought two pairs is Nike women's free run +2 -44381602 (9, black\\anthracite) and I only received one, so I am very disappointed!", "Finding good running shoes can be difficult. You have to find a pair that fits your feet correctly. They can't be too big, too small, and they have to fit your arch. They need to be comfortably and something that you want to wear on a daily basis. The Nike Free Run 2+ are one of the best pairs of running shoes that I have ever worn.The Nike Free Run 2+ is made for running. If you like running on trails or on treadmills they are perfect for whatever you like to do. They are light weight so they don't weigh your fee down. They have a barefoot feel to them. They are designed so your feet have a natural range of motion and have cushioning for a smooth run. The Nike Free Run 2+ is made for anyone that likes cute comfortable shoes.The material the shoes are made of is waterproof and has little holes in it to allow your feet to breathe, so they don't start to smell. I recently ran outside after it had rained and they dried nicely. They do not have a tongue flap, so the shoe is connected at all parts. They come in a variety of colors. Ranging from bright blue and pink to black and red.The shoe can be found in almost any store that sells Nike shoes. They range in price from $80- $100, which is a little on the expensive side. Even thought they are expensive they are worth it. It can be hard to find a good running shoe so when you find one you really don't care how much it cost. They are very durable, so they last for their worth.The best thing about the shoes would have to be how comfortable they are. They have the barefoot feel without the impact and pains of running barefoot. The sole is nice and cushioning and has enough support for even the highest arches. The laces are angled so when tied they don't put stress on the top of your foot. Which any runner can tell you is very uncomfortable.Another good thing about the shoes is that they come in a variety of colors. They have the bright and the dark colors to match almost any outfit. They are made for both men and women. The shoes can be worn with your average athletic clothes or jeans and a t-shirt.The shoes are good for running on almost any surface. They are made to run on trails because they have some grip on the bottom that will help keep you stable. They are also good for sidewalks and treadmills because they are a low impact shoe. They are not sprinting shoes so do not purchase them thinking you are going to run a hundred mile dash.Besides the price of the shoe the one bad thing about them is that the material is hard to clean. Since it is mesh-like you can't just wipe it off. You can wash them in the washing machine, but I wouldn't recommend drying them. Sometimes they don't hold up very well in the dryer. Shoe cleaner works pretty well, but then you have to wait and let them dry.Finding good running shoes is a hard task to do, but it is worth the hassle when you find a good pair. The Nike Free Run 2+ is a comfortable shoe that is on the expensive side, but it is worth the price. I think that everyone should try the shoe on at least once. You will be sold.", "I would love to order this shoe. However there is no size option provided.Please provide that option so that i can order this shoe..thanks", "Best sneakers I have ever had. Running, dancing, walking they feel great. My feet roll out and the sides of my feet get sore. With these on my feet feel balanced, firmly planted. I absolutely love them. Will be buying more but not from here. From Nike.comThe pair I got from Amazon, the fabric is twisted on the left shoe. I didn't notice it at first but with both on it was really apparent. Sorry to put a bad review because the show is awesome!", "I've had Shox before and liked them. Finding them at this price made it an easy decision. Not the best color combo, but that's ok.", "My worst pair of Nike's EVER. Falling apart and the mesh does not stay white it turns yellow. Would not recommend.", "I was thrilled to get another pair of Shox as these sneakers are becoming hard to find. I love the way I can walk or stand for hours in these sneakers with no back pain. I am hopeful that Nike will continue to carry this style.", "I was thrilled to get such a good deal on Nike Shox.  When you put on a new pair, it is like slipping into butter.  Not the case with these. They looked different, felt different, and made my feet ache.  Even though they hade the swoosh, I think that they were knock-offs", "These are a great addition to any closet.  Extremely comfortable, I can't wait to buy more pair in other colors", "I am writing this review well over a year after purchasing these shoes.  They are my only running / workout / tennis shoes that I own - I workout multiple times 3+ per week and these have held up.  I couldn't imagine not having these.  I will look for alternate colors in the future but don't plan on buying any different type of shoe.", "I had a couple of Nike backpack before but never satisfy. I saw this running backpack and it looks pretty fancy so I decided to give it a try.It is lightweight, and the Hypervoid material keep the bag in shape and stick to my back when running, the waist belt secure the bag from shafting when I run. The lower compartment is perfect for my running shoes or/and wet clothing.The Aerospan back panel is suppose to let more airflow on my back but I didn't feel it at all. It scuff my neck a bit.The shoulder strap phone pouch is way too small to fit a 4.7 inches smartphone, and I couldn't figure out how can this be fixed on the strap as it will block the chest strap channel, which it can only be fixed on the top. Anyway I removed it.If you are not a fan of hydration reservoir like me, you will find there is no easy access compartment for water bottles.Overall this backpack is pretty good for my 10km run to work and can keep my clothes and laptop neatly.", "One of my favorite pairs, however I did not realize that the style was one year old. Paid as though it was a current edition and not a previous one. Still a good sneaker.", "Luego de usar unos Adidas por un tiempo decid&iacute; comprar estos Nike para probarlos y los recomiendo porque amortiguan bastante la pisada. Se ven bien y son frescos para trotar.", "I'm 180 LB with a 44-inch chest and a pretty flat stomach. I ordered a size Large. I was hoping it was as fitted as the photo shows, but it is not. It drapes down on the sides and does not hug the body like the photo seems to indicate it does. It's about as fitted as a fitted dress shirt, but not as fitted as the photo.", "Asking my son to try these on, he replied&#34; very comfortable, great colors and kids at school wanted to know where they can find that style at stores.&#34;", "I love it. It is comfy, long so it covers my bud when Im skating ...love the color.. And it fits true to size", "I love these nike shorts. I just wish the band was lower on the waist, but they are a great fit overall.", "These shorts are exactly what I wanted. They are comfortable, feel perfectly, and are the best for those intense workouts.", "My granddaughter requested these so I bought them for her. She says they fit great and she really likes them!", "I bought this item for my daughter.It is exactly as it is pictured.My daughter really does likes it.", "All of the girls on my daughter's high school dance team wear these now.  They are comfortable for 2-3 hour daily practices, provide better coverage than \"booty shorts,\" and look great.  She has three pairs now and I will probably get her a couple more.", "Fit & look great. Love the color too. A nice soft grey. Great for cheer & tumbling. It moves with your body. Thank you.", "It is comfortable, soft, and supportive, but for some reason it is a particularly attractive top as well.  When I wear it, people notice it is not an ordinary camisole and say &#34;Wow!&#34;", "It's extremely small. Also, the line that is supposed to be under the bust is right on the bust. If I pull it down, the neck opening becomes too big. The back is especially bad since the big opening shows my bra.Before I purchased the item, I asked the seller a bunch of questions, including whether they were located in GB. They didn't answer that question (I wonder if it was intentional). From the shipping address, I confirmed that it is in GB. I figure it will cost me at least $20 to UPS it back. To use USPS it might be cheaper. But it does not give you a receipt of return.I decided to keep it and give or sell it to a size zero person. It's only $34. I gambled and I lost. The problem is not the product. The problem is I should never buy clothing on the internet unless it provides a free return label !!!!!", "Producto perfecto, justo como guantes al pie!! Buen Embalaje para el envio la caja llego intacta en perfecto estado, Gracias desde Venezuela!!", "My 11-year old son picked out these shoes and loves them. The color is bright and he says that they are very comfortable.", "We love it!  My son fell in love with them.  Nike is a terrible mnc, but the shoes are great.  They fit well and look good.", "My daughter loved the feel of the shoes. :-) She went with size 4.5 in boys and she wears regular women's size 7.", "These shoes are a little big and roomy on my feet, but I have narrow feet. Overall, I am pleased and have worn them many times already.", "The UK size 6 is larger than  the US size 6.5, but with a pair of extra socks you'll manage.", "Me quedaron un poco grandes, no me fije que la talla dec&iacute;a Big Kids, asi que compre una talla mas.", "Really was surprise to see how bright the pink was, i ordered a size bigger but it fit okay  jus love the color :)", "She was very excited to open this for her birthday present.  She thinks they are so &#34;cool&#34; and loves wearing them.  Company shipped as promised, product is as advertised", "Perfect shoes for my son in middle school.  He wears them to gym and they still look clean!  They are dark so the only place to show dirt are the white bottom edge (where it's easier to clean anyway).  Fit is perfect too!", "I would give this a 5 star but, I ended up ordering the wrong size for my grandson.I have tryed to get a reply back for an exchange, but haven't gotten one. So I'm stuck with a cute pair of size 4 tennis shoe,s when I need a size 6. So they are usless to me. I guess I will be donating them.Other wise I like them.", "The Nike Lady Tech Capri Running Tights have a great fit....Thanks for being so prompt in the  delivery.....I love Nike brand workout clothes...I have others and they are great too....", "I had no problem fits great even came earlier than i expected i would recommend this to anyone looking for nice shoes that aren't to expensive", "the shoes i just bought elsewhere are good, its an all white comfy casual shoe, considering it being NIKE its an amazing shoe to wear with just about anythinggg...the only thing i am realizing is the crease its getting as you walk and bend the shoe..i barely wore em and the crease is already noticing. im very picky when it comes to that..but oh well. its something normal i suppose. it has happend to many of my Nikes. thats all i wear so yeah its nothing new to me atleast. the shoe overall is a 8/10. its hard to find simple classy all white shoes like these. so its a buy. just expect that crease overtime as a wear and tare.", "I received this product in good condition.The delivery was timely and product arrived in good condition.I will recommend this product for anyone interested in a comfy wear tennis shoes.", "Perfect exactly as described. I needed a sturdier shoe and this is what I was looking for. Thank you! :)", "my girlfriend loved, the cushion its prefect, always when you bought a sandal, buy a half or a size bigger, to protect your foot", "Exactly as ordered.  True to size and very comfortable.  There are the only flip flops I have night for the last 3 years!", "I purchased this for my wife and she love them... Very very comfortable she recommend them to anyone. Not for the beach", "These shoes are the best! I really don't care for shoes or socks but going barefoot all the time is impractical. These sandals are so comfortable that I have no problem wearing them everywhere!", "MY DOCTOR CONFIRMED THAT MY ARCHES HAVE FALLEN AND THAT I COULD NO LONGER WEAR MY BELOVED FLIP FLOPS SO I BROUGHT HIM MY ORIGINAL BLACK NIKE FLIP FLOPS WHICH HE SAID WAS ACCEPTABLE SUPPORT FOR MY FEET. I LOVE THE NIKE COMFORT THONG FLIP FLOPS AND HAVE THEM IN MANY COLORS.", "Love these flip flops! I have 3 pair in different colors.I would buy them again and they are definitely cheaper on-line than in the store.", "I wear size 6, and they fit perfectly. I use the Comfort Thongs in the summertime for walking long distances. (Some days I have walked over 30km - over 18 miles wearing these Thongs.) The material is comfortable and wears very well. I expected them to be of a very high quality, because I've had them before and knew what to expect..", "They're pretty - They're cushy at first. Then they feel a little sloppy. I don't think I'd recommend them to anyone.", "I bought these Nike sandals from Amazon t hey are the best for comfortand have memory foam insoles. Would buy them again.", "The shoes are awesome. The new colors are very cool and nice. The shoes get dirty pretty quickly. I get a lot of compliments.", "The slide was light and comfortable but it didn't meet my expectations from the photos I saw I thought it was higher.", "This slipper is really comfortable.It has a light feel to it.It was worth the money I did not regret this purchase.", "Very comfortable, light weight sildes, they don't feel as durable as my Nike Air Moray 3 but they surely look better: getting alot of compliments", "These sandals are very comfortable.  I recommend these to anyone that wants a comfortable pair of slides for the summer.", "Love these Cortez sneaks. Super cute and so disappointed that they discontinued them. The colors were all so retro and adorable. Flat and small but actually a superb athletic sneaker. I love Nike because they are amazing in having designs so sleek yet so functional!", "He does not think I know what looks good, and so when I saw these shoes I decided to purchase them without telling him. He was surprised at the look, the fit and the cost was good for me. though he would still like to pick his own shoes.... these were a good choice.", "Love these. I have gotten compliments, they fit well, and they were affordable. The delivery was smooth and quick. Worth the money.", "GREAT EARTH CUSHIONS.....ATTRACTIVE, COMFORTABLE SHOE THAT GETS ALOT OF COMPLIMENTRY COMMENTS FROM OTHERS WHO HAVE GOOD TASTE.......FIVE STAR FORM AND FUNCTION. STEPPING OUT AL", "I brought these for my boy friend. He really loves them and was excited that they have an air bubble lol.", "these shoes fit great look awesome and are easy to care for.  These shoes can do it all.  Great price", "for such an expensive shoe I expect to get a year or so of wear, but the holes the laces go through broke in two places and I am having trouble finding anyone who can repair them.", "this shoes are an excellent choise for a woman. great colour. no more to say. . . . . .", "Great support on my low arched feet, sturdy for winter running.  Great color for dirtier runs.  Lasted as long as more expensive models", "Great shoes, very comfortable, fit perfect just as expected! Ive gotten so many compliments on these shoes!  The color is very forgiving and easy to keep clean!", "Great Shoes -- fantastic service through Amazon as always!  These are very hard to find.  I teach aerobics and strength training and the lateral support in these shoes is unbeatable.  Great service through Amazon.  I can always count on!", "In excellent conditions! The product arrival was fast! And very much exceeded my expectations. I am very happy with the purchase. They are very comfortable, sober, classic, I really love them", "I bought these for work. I'm on my feet a lot during the day. And it seems to me the more you wear them they better they feel. I know that these are supposed to be a running shoe but, for a lot of walking they're great!!!!!", "This shoe color you can not find nor purchase in any stores. No one was carrying this model. But, this is the one my teenager wanted. The price was $20 - $30 less than the store prices for other models/colors. Great, comfotable shoes.", "They are not comfortable at all! And too expensive. Did not like it! It gives me back pain after doing some exercise wearing them! I wish I could get a refund!", "I bought these shoes for my daughter to exercise in. They were shipped fast and just as advertised. She loves the style and comfort. Another quality Nike product.", "I bought these the day before we took a trip to NYC...  Have extreme back pain, and chronic pain in general.  I know if I could lose some weight it would help too.  So back to the shoes, Amazing what a different pair of shoes will do.  I've tried walking but I couldn't even grocery shop without causing pain.  And yet I walked almost 10 miles over a couple days, and my back didn't hurt that bad.  Except for the blisters, it was perfect.  Super light, and I will definitely be taking walks in these shoes.When I went to buy these, salesmen tried to tell me I should get other shoes for my back pain.  I told him that they are too bulky and heavy.  I knew myself, I'm always running in and out with 4 kids.I always slip into my shoes fast as I head out the door.  These shoes are perfect for that. they back is already squishy on purpose for that.I'm buying a second pair. :)", "The Nike shoes i just got from you are so nice, not only confortable, but elegant, and i love i got them so quick.", "Bought these shoes for a female friend. She loves them.I am glad to find out I am not the only color challenged person in the world. Apparently the designers or documentation people @ Nike have the same problem.Now I don't know if Siren Red is an official color on someone's chart somewhere, but the Red on these shoes leans a lot more toward Pink. There is nothing wrong with the color, the shoe looks really nice and flashy, but if you are expecting Red this is not Red, and I asked a few other people just to be sure. LOLHer comments:She works out almost every day and loves they way they feel. The shoes are great, they fit nicely and feel light on the foot while still giving really good support. After about 3 days she felt almost like she didn't have sneakers on anymore. Very comfy.  She has gotten a lot of compliments on them. Although that might just be from guys trying to pick her up ;)Recommended A+. I think for the quality of shoe the price is acceptable.", "I bought this because it was Nike and I wasn't disappointed. The colors are bright and vibrant. Everything I expected!", "I am a very active old man with high instep and big feet (12).  When I bought this shoe I also tried  5 other walking/cross-training shoes with lengthy sessions of one brand on each foot.  Anyway, after 1 month of wear, here are the  pluses  and minuses  of this shoe:Pro's:- innersleeve upper provides an amazing fit that grabs the foot for comfort- the sleeve is  made of a fabric that does not hold in moisture and keeps my feet dry- the cushioning for both heel and  front sole of my foot allows me to truck around the  warehouse lumber yards and keep up with my wife at department stores and walmart for  as long as I want without soreness.- my foot is  held secure in the show  without slippage - great fit.Con's:- I need a  shoehorn at least at this point in the shoes life to put them on.  Without it, the  innersleeve is likely to get pushed to the bottom  of the shoe.  The back top of the sleeve has  a  fingerhold to help.  Perhaps it will be easier  to put on as it wears.- This shoe is a bit trendy for me- but at my age, COMFORT IS KING!", "I bought this shoe in size 8 1/2 mens for my 13 year old son.  They inner liner sock slips into the shoe too easily at the heal when he is putting them on and he needs to hold the tab at the top of the liner sock to slip his foot in.  That would be fine if it he didn't need to push so hard to get his foot in while he pulls up on the tab.  He commented that he was disappointed in the design of the shoe  and he needs to wear snug fitting socks to be able to put this shoe on. Anyway, once they are on, they are comfortable and look great.  If you are in a hurry or don't like fussing with your shoes to get them on, these shoes will not be for you.", "Please check other online stores, they have better deals. The same product you can find at Big 5 lot less.", "i just needed a pair of sneakers but when i got these i was shocked how nice they really were and they fit perfectly", "Fits great and love the support. I'm in the &#34;break-in-I-got-blisters phase, but hope to soon move past this! I know I will get a lot of use out of these shoes! Only complaint is that the black color is really a dark grey.", "FANtastic shoe. super comfortable at a fair price... so what are you waiting for, RUN, SURF  the web; the longer you wait, the price goes up. Are you kidding me! Don't you deserve them? So why are you reading my stupid review? ORDER THEM NOW!!!!", "Everything was okay except there are some green spots on the bottom of the shoe (around the back and front part)", "I GOT A LOTTA SNEAKERS, BUT THIS, THIS IS THE ONE. NO DOUBT ABOUT IT. IM THINKING TO BUY ANOTHER ONE", "These shoes are so comfortable I just bought another pair.  Not only do I wear them to work out but also with jeans.  The red ones are a nice bright color and the fabric is quite resilient.  Highly recommended!", "They are comfortable, lightweight and stylish to dress in casual or sports.I liked and recommend.It can also be used for running.", "These are a good accurate indoor soccer shoe, they have a great feel and are extremely comfortable. My only problem is that they cut into the back of my heel, other than that they are great.", "WOW!  I always hated tennis shoes but these are wonderful!  I have a wide foot and these fit  perfectly.  I usually hate closed toed shoes but decided to try these for walking and they really are comfortable!  Love them!!!", "Loved them so much, my teenage daughter took them, and now I am sad I can't find another pair for me :-)  Initially wasn't a fan of the way the looked but the comfort level made me get over that immediately!", "I originally bought these in grey and purple at Nordstrom and liked them so much I bought 2 more pairs.  I'll being buying more in different colors.  I normally need more room in the toes and this satisfies me.  Plus I have always found Nike shoes to be the only ones that don't rub my heel.  Thanks.", "I ordered 487789 and I received a totally different sneaker. The label of the sneakers i ordered was placed over the label of the sneakers I received. I guess hoping I wouldn't notice the difference? So I returned them and currently waiting for my refund. Not happy about all this.", "I love this sneaker they are so light. They feel like slippers. I will buy them again in more colors", "I love these shoes!  They are light weight and very comfortable! Got them on time, and am happy that I bought them.", "These sneakers are my favorite now , this is my second pair they last long, feel real light especially if you are standing for long periods, and not bulky or unstable to walk on i just hope they make diffrent colors so i can match with my outfits '", "Great fitting shoes. So comfy !!!!!! I would purchase again and again. I am pleasantly surprised I was unsure when I ordered but I am a believer now.", "Shoes were for my daughter. She loves them. Cannot understand why Nike discontinued this particular model. After reading other reviews other people feel the same.", "He states they feel good and are what he thought they would be. He is very pleased with them. Yay.", "zapatos de exelente calidad, muy bonitos, comodos, sirven tanto para jugar como para vestir, no tengo queja alguna. el vendedor serio. vale la pena comprarlos.", "I love these shoes they are very comfortable. I ordered the all black because they go with everything. If you are thinking about ordering these tenni shoes DO IT you won't regret it.", "I love these shoes my last 4 pair have been these! I always order mine a little big because when I wash them I dry them in the dryer and they shrink so if you pot yours in the dryer order them a little big to get the most life!", "My sister recommended these sneakers to me as we both have hard to fit feet--both in size and comfort level.  I put these on, went and exercised and they are fabulous.  I really like the gray with the purple laces.  Fun colored sneakers are hard to find in larger size shoes for women so these sneakers are great.  I have problems with my heal when I exercise but didn't have a problem at all in these sneakers.  They are a little pricey but if they continue to be comfortable and last, they are worth every penny!", "As usual I have to go up a half size in Nike,but I knew this for years. I use them only for Jazzercise - high impact and dance like moves.  Although they are very lightweight, they see to be supportive enough for this type of exercise.  I really like them and would recommend them for this type of exercise  -as far as other activities, I can't comment.The price is a little high, ( taking one star off for that!) the most expensive I've ever had, but they are working.", "Never have tried Nike sneakers and I was very pleased with these ones.  Very confortable and looks great, it's a perfect choice for workout.", "When I first got these shoes for my daughter she loved them, but when track season started she used these shoes to run in. she went for a run and came back home with a whole in her shoe. I asked her how she got it and she said that she tripped and it ripped.", "The best Nike's yet forms to how your feet are shaped and comfortable. Great for exercise and walking.And looks good too.", "he loves em....what else is there to say...? He would rather them be the material that's easily cleaned cuz of our dirt parking lot", "I like these shoes alot... Yeah kind still volunteering fully did cash offense digger that's cramp duct jugs artist those", "A lil tight, might have to upgrade a sizeror break em is a definite must, but im very pleased with the quality of the product and I admire not having to go to the mall to get them, I will be ordering more.", "The shoe fits awesome and i like them, they've lasted a few marathons now and they are worth every penny.", "Did not get a chance to be able to rate them beacause they got stollen out of car the day after I got them.", "The sneaker have homogeneous color, it is lightweight and strong in the same time, to my daughter it like very much", "I have had a few pairs of the Nike Court Shoe.  They are true to size and hold up well,", "Shoes were great, fitted true to size. Are great fit tennis. Came as described. They are very comfortable. And I received them quick.", "Good product. Right size. Delivered on time. Realy light and smooth. After using I could update this review. I'm happy with this product.", "These shoes rock!  They fit perfectly and they look awesome on!  Very stylish and fun!  Just ran four miles yesterday and love my new sneaks!", "They are so comfortable and I love the style and they are really good to run in . Thinking about getting my husband a pair =]]. I would so highly recommend these shoe to anyone", "thought that the appearance was ok but after wearing just a short time, found that they were not that comfortable", "This was a christmas present for my daughter. Was something that she wanted and will probably wear them out.Light weight and comfortable.", "These are kind of &#34;different&#34; but I like them. By different, I'm talking about the shape with the thick ridge across the top/front and it's rigidness. I am used to the little bags many of my other sportier sunglasses come in, but the leather like case these come in is very sturdy. I feel that this case will protect them better id tossed into my diaper bag or purse.", "I would buy another just like them they are great & I love them thanks I would buy more of them I have a black pair just like these it's the only kind I wear as they don't hurt my feet", "I chose these sneakers because they are so comfortable and stylish (I had them in high school) they are tough to find in the color combo you want.  They were a little large and the vendor was excellent and exchanged them for me.  Excellent business, very fast shipping.  Will definitely purchase from this vendor again.", "my grand child will not take them off. he loves them and they are water proof perfect for rainy days", "These shoes are sick. The price was unbelievably low for NIKES. They got here quick too. Thanks! I'm super pumped on these kicks!", "Another great Nike quality item!  Great colors and well made...actually bought 2 different colors in this style. Highly recommend this product", "This medium fits perfectly, I usually wear a medium in Nike tops, and material is warm and breathable if you sweat alot.  Also, the thumb loops help to keep your hands warm.  I took one star off because the blue is much brighter than I expected.", "I love this combat bra!  Very comfortable and durable.  Many compliments!I would recommend.  It fits well and I love the feel of the fabric.", "I was using the Air Max 2009 since they initially came out. I absolutely loved those shoes and would primarily use them for the gym .After a while of using Air Max 2009 I started getting a lot of heel Pain and was diagnosed with Plantar fasciitis. Upon Further research I found out that Air max 360 have known to cause this issue.I have now switched to the Zoom Vomero and use custom orthotic insoles with them and just the heel support and cushioning have made a huge difference for me . I have started working out again and the pain in my heel is way better than before.I generally avoid running because of the plantar fasciitis but  I am starting to use the treadmill lightly now that this shoe is giving my feet the support they need!I picked these up at Finish Line and paid the same price as Amazon, but its just that I wanted to try the shoes on before I bought them. Definitely a good buy.", "Stable, comfortable and durable.  If you're looking for a shoe that's geared toward cross training, you should consider this one.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. In September 2012, one day I walked 16 miles in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. I proudly own three pairs.", "I have been wearing Nike Shox for a long time now. These pair must be my favorite though. They look very stylish and are incredibly comfortable. I was a little skeptical about ordering them online because I usually have a difficult time finding the right fit with my shoes, but the day I put these on they were a perfect fit. This was a great buy.", "Hi I need 2 pairs of shoes size 8.5. when you will have that sizeNike Shox Turbo+ 12 Mens Running Shoes [454166-001] Black/Black-Metallic Cool Grey-Metallic Cool Grey Mens Shoes 454166-001I hope your answer. help me", "These running shoes are very light and very comfortable to wear. After saying that the shoe looking just awesome is an added bonus. A little pricey but definitely worth it. Wearing these running shoes I feel I can run faster in them. Really.", "Amazing most comfortable shoes I have purchased this year! Highly recommended for runners, and for athletes, their light and snug.", "great product son loves them and says they are like running on air great choice of running shoe  will highly recommend", "These are fine as cross trainers, but as long distance shoes they leave a lot to be desired.  I recently ran a half-marathon, and my feet were extremely sore and tired.  Support seemed to give out about half way, after that I might as well have run barefoot, for all the good these shoes did me.  Sure, they look nice and are no doubt great for walking around town or shorter distance running and other activities, but if you are looking for a real running shoe, I would look elsewhere.", "I think this might be the single most greatest most awesomeness bargain ever. I placed mine in a shadowbox and mounted them on the wall.", "This was my first time to purchase a footwear on-line, and to my surprise it was an excellent bargain for a Nike shoe. It suits all types of activities from just taking a stroll to running and office work. Also, it was an eye catcher ;)", "shoes goods but not well ,they seem not original but they have the original logo &iquest;? I dont understand it.", "They are very light and confortable shoes. Received as expected. Great color (black with grey). Very soft to use and walk.", "These spikes were very good for track and very useful for the high jump.  I would purchase them again. They were extremely comfortable.", "These shoes are very good for every thing  especially running. These fit perfectly you don't even have to worry about them being to small. That is all for the review. sincerely, mystery", "I love these shoes! I put them on and don't want to take them off. They are the most comfortable indoor shoes I have ever put on. They actually have shape to the insole instead of just being flat and they have eliminated the shin splints that I used to get on a daily basis. I wear a 7.5 and I had to get a 7.5 in mens.", "These shoes meet my needs. I sometimes run on gravel and unlevel ground. These shoes take the difficult terrain very well. They help me keep balance while running/walking.", "When the ground is very firm, these boots are the most effective I've ever worn, without needing a full stud. The grip is great and they feel like a glove.They will help your skill levels, but if you're not David Beckham already, they won't make you play like him.", "Nice shoe and fits well. It doesn't have the best grip and the shoes are insanely bright! But overall it's a good pair of indoor shoes", "They are too smallneed a size 11and some metal spikes but he likes the style of the shoes thanks so much", "Ok, I realize it's for track and field, but gimme a break! How am I supposed to get to the car to get to a track without busting my butt? These are the most asinine shoes I have ever seen. Completely uncomfortable and big because I ordered a size and a half up to be sure so that's my fault, but goodness. Does anyone really wear these things to walk around in or do you wear slippers until you get to the pavement? Absurd.", "I throw shot, discus and hammer at the Masters level and use the rotational technique in the shot, so I was looking for a throwing shoe that would rotate with little effort and smoothly.  I have found that in these Nike Zoom Rotational 5's!I have owned these shoes for a few weeks now and used them often, and I can report that they are exactly what I was looking for!The Pebax sole should prove to be very durable too.  I just retired my old Nike Zoom throwing shoes which lasted over 7 years and averaged 7-10 track meets a season along with many practices.  If these new ones last even half that long, I will be extremely happy.Only have one suggestion for Nike.  Make them in wide widths!  I usually need 4E in shoes to fit my wide feet, and I only found New Balance offering that option to throwers (which is weird as most throwers are big dudes and they feet are usually wider than the average guy on the street).  The NB shoes lasted only one season and plus were flat on the bottom instead of a little curved, so they didn't rotate smoothly, so I went back to my old Nikes.Because the New Nike Zoom 5's are narrow, I got them 2 full sizes larger than I usually wear and they fit well.  I maybe could have got by with a half size smaller than I got, but that option wasn't available.Even though I was told to expect these shoes in over a month as they were coming from the UK, I got them on my feet within a WEEK!  Very pleased!All in all I love these shoes and expect much success using them!", "I have had many pairs of Nike shoes, these shoes once again shoe me why I keep going back.  I prefer full foot air, and these shoes are exceptional.  Comfortable, supportive, and great looking all in one shoe!", "I bought these shoes 3 months ago because my old running shows lost their comfort and support. I was looking for a running shoe that would truly absorb the shock of running outdoors, provide support, plus look good on my feet. These shoes have far surpassed my needs. They are really comfortable and I recommend buying a pair.", "Comfy and stylish. The shoe fit true to size and they are very light weight. They quickly become your everyday throw on sneaker!", "Great! The product was Right on time and reasonably priced.  I am very impressed with the service, quality, and comfort.", "My daughter is very delighted with the look, fit, and feel of these shoes. Everyone of her friends wears Nike's and now she is happy that she fits in. A really pretty shoe. Looks even better than the pictures.", "SHOES CAME ON TIME WITH A TRACKING NUMBER AND THEY FIT BUT A LITTLE TOO SMALL. I WOULD RECOMMEND GETTING A HALF SIZE BIGGER.", "I bought these shoes to wear while playing softball. They work well in the grass as well as on dirt. They are very comfortable. I'm so glad I bought them!", "I play lacrosse at the collegiate level and these terfs are the best terfs that I have had so far. They are comfortable and they look sick on the field.", "Very cheaply made.... Not worth the 9 dollars I spent. Pocket is much smaller than expected.  Pay more for something better.", "I purchased these sneakers for my niece.  She really loved the sneakers.  She also  mentioned that she gets a lot of compliments on her sneakers.  I thought the sneakers were expensive, but  my niece really likes the sneakers.", "Love these shoes! they fit perfect and are beautiful! i didn't realize that they had no tongue at first but i still really loved the way they look and fit. i where them almost everyday, so comfortable!", "I love these sneakers.  I have them in black too.  They can be put in the washer as long as you take out the insers.", "When I wear this shoes,looks my feet be too big  , also it not comfortable wearing , but quality is good", "Excelentes Zapatos y muy c&oacute;modos para desplazarse, 100% recomendado para todos los jugadores de b&eacute;isbol y softboll, agarre perfecto y ligeramente livianos...!!!!!", "12 year old son absolutely loves these shoes.  They fit well, are comfortable and he thinks the style is great.", "I have these in my Gym at all times and wear them on my treadmill. light and comfy!! Look cute as well. Fits to size and good shipping. For sure recomend", "I am on my feet at least 12 hours a day and these shoes are amazing. When you walk you can feel the shoe forming to your foot. I am even buying a second pair", "The fit is great - my wife was having ankle problems running with her old shoes - time for new running shoes - these look, feel, and breathe great!  The fit is true.  Quick delivery.", "Good product for outdoor, winter running.  Sizing runs narrow, and I have wide feet, hence the 3 stars.  Fat footers beware, make sure to get a half size larger or get a wide size.", "I'm not pleased with the product I received, because I know the shoes are good, but the problem here is that the images shown in Amazon the color was light grey and blue details in the back, but I received a dark grey and yellow details, so there is a serious problem selling a product that is not accordingly to the image shown. For me its too expensive to send back the product, I feel bad and angry because I received other color of the product.", "I love these, a little more &#34;thick&#34; than I thought they would be on the top, but it makes them a lot more cushioned. I LOVE the color. It's just bright enough for people to notice but not too bright to be pretentious.", "THis was my main concern when trying to buy shoes. I was looking for a lightweight shoe that would be gentle with my feet and lessen the friction in my ankles and soles. This is an excelent shoe for that and running outside or in the track feels very comfortable.", "My daughter is very hard on equipment.  These cleats hold up very well with coed soccer for 18 year olds.", "Always happy with Tokis and this is a nice colorway. They're comfortable too so what more can you ask for?", "Nice pair of sneakers, very comfortable I own 3 pairs in diffrent colors. They are not made to excercise in but to just use then going around town.", "I wear them as part of my uniform for a while..first time ever the quality was not so great.. but last few models were lasting more then year witha a descent form and visiual appearance even if I was wearing them every day.increased number of different colors and styles make them even more favorite on my list..", "I liked these sneakers so much that I bought a second pair in blue. They fit snug, have good grip and they look good both with shorts and jeans.", "Nikes, especially the lunar glide series are amazing! They are so comfortable and they look great too. LOVE these shoes! I wanted these colors and could'nt find them in the women's so I purchased the men's in a size 8 to fit my size 10 and they fit perfect.", "Haven't had a chance to actually wear them yet, but I tried them on & I  can't wait. They look so cool!", "These feel thin, fit funny, and seem kind of cheaply made. Pretty disappointed. Overall, it's a pair of shoes at a good price.", "the shoes can in on time, but the box that it came in was in terrible shape the shoes look like they had been worn as they were lace different from shoe to shoe and the white look like it had been wash parts of it was not as white as other parts.the shoes do fit and they are comfortable.", "These are very rugged and comfortable. This is a rare combination of shoe. Get exactly your size as they are snug on the foot.", "My very fussy teenage son loves these shoes, they arrive very quickly and were well packaged, by that I mean they can in the ACTUAL shoe box wrapped instead of inside an enormous box with air pockets etc like some other shoes have.", "This shoe looks great but is the poorest designed shoe in the history of shoes for one reason:  It's nearly impossible to put them on!  The inner \"sock\" part is so tight that you literally have to fight for five minutes to fit your foot in them.  Over time, this sock part may stretch, but I'm not going to wait to find out!  Horrible design, I can't believe there aren't more negative reviews for this shoe.", "Wow, a previous reviewer was correct...the sock insert that Nike used was a terrible idea, I had to send them back for this reason. They looked great out of the box, but were very uncomfortable and I was not interested in breaking in a sneaker...", "I've had these shoes for a few months now and they are still holding up. Usually I rip through shoes really quickly, so I am surprised to see that they are still in good condition. Very stylish as well. Good buy.", "Nice shoes, a little stiff at first, but a great fit with lots of support.  I was a little skeptical about ordering shoes on line, but these are great.", "They are very comfortable! The are wide, the color's are great, and the shoe is supportive! I normally wear 8 1/2 but I bought a nine", "they are comfortable and i get no pain in feet even after hours of walking. and walking. and walking. and walking.", "Fit way too small, was so disappointed because they are very cute. They were tight around the sides of my feet and my toes", "Like my previous pairs of Free TR's, this is so comfy to just walk around in, but I like to use them for weights in the gym. Sometimes run in them but I prefer to use a more \"springy\" shoe. Great color for a change. The lining will be great for running in Bogota.", "I like these shoes. They are cute and comfortable. They are also easy to clean. These shoes have held up well to. I think they are a great value.", "These shoes are great!  They are comfortable, light, and look even better in person.  I am very happy with my purchase!", "These Nike Dual Fusion sneakers are AWESOME...very comfortable!I wear them while working (standing on my feet) and my feet do not hurt as much as with wearing \"other\" sneakers!", "I live in Chicago. This is probably the best item I bought last year. Highly recommended. Every penny is worth it.", "LOVE THESE Nike Men's NIKE INSPIRE DUAL FUSION RUNNING SHOES....As long as you know your shoe size it's not a bad Idea to buy your kicks online, the price is great & they got to me MAD QUICK", "They are very comfortable,I got them to wear to work, I do a lot of walking on hard floors so I'm very satisfied with how the cushioning makes my feet feel when I'm walking .", "These boots seem solid,look good, maybe not as immediatly as comfortable as my last keen boots, but I think they'll break in fine,hard to review because only time will tell, They are boots.", "I love these sneakers! Stylish, comfortable and a great price.... what more can you ask for?  Lol i also have the silver ones", "I have five pairs of this particular style, they are my favorite shoe very comfortable I have them in both women size 9 and 10. I ordered these taking a chance because it did not say for women or men. Definitely a men size 10. I compared them with my other size 10.  Still it's such a great color so sad to return it.", "Youngest son love his sneaker and will purchase more in the future! He loved the so much awesome buy folks", "These are perfect for showing off a nice new pair of kicks when brand new.  When they get a little scuffed, work even better for work boots.  Excellent traction, extremely comfortable and durable.  I had to get a new pair because I beat the hell out of my old ones and they held together well, just looked like....well, like I beat the hell out of them.  I am a home inspector so I'm on roofs (traction), all over exterior and interior of homes and still presentable for my clients.  I will buy them as long as Nike keeps selling them.  I also got a great deal on Amazon for my second pair.", "The sneaker was a little tight on the roof of the shoe, but after wearing it a couple of times it loosened up. Once that happened, the shoe was comfy and warm.", "Comfortable, durable, waterproof. I have hiked all over Colorado foothills in them and they are wonderful! If you buy these boots you won't be disappointed.", "Great shoe Nice style I have them in white/blue & wanted then in black so I decided to get them I was if'y about buying them online . But it worked out .Got them quick and as expected .", "Its simple. Love the boots, recommend the boots, however buy you some Dr. Scholl's gel insoles and you are set to 100% comfort!", "This is a sturdy, albeit a bit heavy, snow boot. Unfortunately it was too big and I sent it back.", "I got these shoes for $54.00 which is more than half price off these are one of the nicest pair of Air Max I have.", "el producto es lo esperado, calidad total muy c&oacute;modos y ergon&oacute;micos para realizar entrenamiento.la entrega se realizo dentro de los tiempos estipulados recomendados 100%", "I always enjoy some good shox that fit, and when I say \"fit\" I mean that I feel like they were made for my feet. Now I'm just waiting for a pair of steel toe or hard toe slip-on boots(or lace-up) that fit this well.... Hint hint Nike... Big business.......", "I bougt them a month on a sale for approx. $100. I planned to use them for my trip to Stubaital in Austria. Quite comfortable but after 4 hours of walking mainly indoors in a shopping mall, they just broke. I mean really... these air pockets in the sole just burst. Thanks God, this did not happen somewhere in the mountains...My recommendation is very simple: do not buy these boots.", "when i walk down the street down to the store them girls are like MY GOD your the next foo that ganna get jacked...lol... so i say i recommend for those who want attention from them females...get these and be a BOSS", "I'm a big fan of Nike Shox. Several years ago I found nike shox and fell in love with them. i only wear them as my casual shoes these days. I love this pair with waterproof material, nice color and cushiony heel.", "These are the only shoes that fit my feet. If you are me, then you need buy no other shoe ever. If you are not me and need an extremely comfortable shoe for narrowish feet, you may want to give them a try. They are lightweight, durable, good for walking or jogging (not so good for hiking on slippery rocks, but who needs magic?) and very reasonably priced (but if they are made by slave children in Sri Lanka, please don't tell me...). When I go jogging at night sometimes they're all I wear!", "It's hard to find S-S size for Legend style. Size is perfect on me 5'5'', not extremely short, but not as high as the &#34;Regular&#34;. The price seems a little bit higher but worthy due to the scarcity of this S-S size.  It's just the color, I wish they would have BLACK color, which will be classical for casual occasions too.", "These rock for your yoga, running, pilates, cardio. ANY work out! I am 6ft1 so these fit JUST about right although maybe an inch longer for the inseam would work better, at least for me. They are slim fit so they ARE tight. The fabric is great and doesnt stretch out and look cheap after a couple wears. Totally recommended for work out wear for tall ladies!", "Hate the fabric i have a white dog her hair sticks to these terrible i prefer a more nylon or lycra material and cant seem to find it in nike wear!!!!!!! As well as the nylon and elastane or lycra is way more slimming and supporting to a females active figure!!!!!! Get it rite for goodness sakes you are  NIKE:-)", "I wear these pants daily (not the same ones, I have multiple pairs). As a telecommuter, these are my standard uniform. Very comfortable, good fit, and soft. Quality product.", "Short length and small size are very hard to find, since Nike doesn't directly deliver to north america...This S-S pant fits extremely perfect for me 5'5'', and 60% is made of cotton- so comfortable! Definitely recommend!", "My all time favorite.  I am a size 14-16 - they fit great and don't shrink when washed.Love them.", "Great fitting - so hard to find good nike pants these days and they stopped making all the ones I used to wear.  these come as close as the older models.  They fit wonderful", "Our granddaughter loves these shoes and wears them just about everyday to school.  This was a great purchase because it made her so happy.", "Well I hope when I get these that I like them at least they are supposed to be the right size, unlike the other one's that I'm gonna return tommow & the wrong one's was really the color that I wanted but the only thing they had in my size was blue/white!!! Just hope they go with alot of diffrent clothes??", "These shoes are everything I knew they would be, always getting compliments, and questioned how much I paid for them...Love Them!!!", "Best Shoe ever, there is nothing bad i can say about it other than heat (near to fire, stoves or anything similar) and Cortez, bad.", "I have always been a big Nike boots fan and these are very comfortable as the others I have bought in the past.. like the style lightweight feels like I'm walking on air not heavy at all", "I've been wearing Nike shoes and boots for over 30 years, and they never Disappointe, fast shipping and exactly what I expected real comfortable, Thanks Amazon and your Partners", "I really love these boots, this was an incredible buy and the boots fits nicely and looks great on my feet.", "Boots are light weight and comfortable. Was thinking about buying the Nike ACG Goadome boots but these are a lot lighter. Especially if your job requires long hours of walking or standing stationary.", "Finally some boots that are big enough for my husband and they aren't hideous! My husband said that it's very comfortable too.", "I like the boots but you can't wear thick socks! They fit tight but eventually they will give after wear and walking around!", "Son loves this hoody, it's a quality jacket with Nike quality and the dark green/black color combo are a favorite. Great purchase!", "These turned out to be really comfortable shoes. Great for working on concrete all day and they let your feet breathe.", "The first time I wore these and went on a short walk with them, I literally got a blister on the back of my ankle where the back of the shoe pokes up a bit. Couldn't run with them, and couldn't walk in them unless I had socks that were high enough to cover that part of the ankle. I think I may have finally broken them in enough to run in them, but can still feel it slowly aggravating that area. Very annoying, although I had another version of this shoe before and never had the problem. May have just been this pair, but not gonna risk me money on it again.", "This is my second pair of this style.  The first pair are so comfortable even when standing for 8 hours at a time.  I purchased this second pair when I found out it was discontinued.  The fit on the Nike in general is a little more narrow which reduces the bunching effect i have with other models.Would definitely recommend if you can find.", "I bought these for my son and he loves them. They never show dirt and are very durable. They go with everything.", "They fit perfect,feel good and look great. I needed a shoe for the gym that could match all of my workout clothes. it was tough at first, Once I found these I knew they would be perfect. I wear a womens 9 but can fit a kids 7. Four  different women stopped me at the gym to ask me where I purchased my sneakers.", "This is hands down my best flip flop. I own one for the past year and I wear it a lot during the summer. Very soft and comfortable. Definitely recommend.", "I purchased these as my shower sandals for the gym and so far they've been great. They're comfy and fit nicely in my gym bag.", "Really nice... at first i thought it would fit me right. it was going to be to big! but it didn't great price, great product and costumer satisfied.", "I'm not a flip-flop wearer...but I got these as a back-up pair of shower shoes...but they are sooooo.....comfortable, that I've been converted.  If you are looking for a nice pair to hit the beach with or around the house...hands-down these are almost perfect.Nike did it with these...extremely comfortable.", "Bought these for my fianc&eacute; because we travel often and he needed a good comfortable beach sandal. He likes the feel of the sole and says they are very comfortable", "This Nike product wasn't as good as previous Nike sandals I bought for my husband. He said these were thin, kind of flimsy.", "These shoes ended up being just what my son needed.  He was having issues with ankle support with other shoes and these are working out great.", "ok so it is starting to wear but my son has been wearing this shoe every single day since the christmas before last.  bought it a little large and my 8 year old is not gentle on shoes.  Great for the little over-pronator.", "I teach group fitness and am very well-versed in sports bras.  This bra is well made, durable, and provides great support.", "I love this bra as I've been looking for it for a very long time. Great shape, great support, great fabric, amazing design.", "I love this sports bra, it fits well and is perfect for the gym/running. I have purchased FOUR already..the seller is amazing. I placed this order 2 days ago and already received my products. It is a great price for a Nike brand fitness item. Highly recommend this product with this seller!!!", "this bra is okay, it is kinda small, I ordered a large and it fits fine around just seems alittle low cut. I feel like the coverage is not as good as some.", "Observations:-High quality material.-Fits tight, takes some time to get them on because they do not stretch well, but that also means they fit nicely once they are on.-Sliding around on the insole is medium.  I have some similar Nike socks but with the grey bottom, and they slide a little less.  I have found some cheaper socks of the same appearance (not Adidas) to slide around a lot.  Ideal (for me) would be no sliding.-Left and Right marked on the sock so it is easy to see, is nice.-They stay up without shin guards.  I have not worn with shin guards.Overall, very good.  I have not found a better sock yet, but I will passively continue to look.", "These are really nice socks, with a nice feel to it.PRO:CushionedTrue to fitStretches nicelyPriceSoccer or footballKeeps your shinguards upGood lengthCONS:No mesh", "I purchased this as a gift.  My daughters boy friend loves it and I am very happy with my purchase", "My husband loves these! Keeps his feet dry and they don't fade as much after each wash, they're still black :)", "Very nice and comfortable socks, cozy, looks perfect , i like it very much, Great quality and color. Thanks a lot!", "The title says it all. Fits perfectly. I work outdoors and keeps my feet dry all day. I would definitely recommend it.", "I'm 5 feet, 125 pounds. The shirt is too long. I will return it. Everything else fits well, except the length.", "A good sneaker for the price.  I run every day and the sneaker is holding up well. Definately would buy again. Fit was right too.", "Excelente, el calzado llego con las especificaci&oacute;n mostradas por el vendedor. Son super c&oacute;modos y livianos. Recomiendo 100%  este articulo para las personas que inicien programas de acondicionamiento f&iacute;sico o uso diario.", "Bought for my son because he wears a size 14 and hard to find unless order online. This is his third pair of Nike shoes of this type and he loves them! They fit well, they hold up and last long - this is including the cushion insole. Great shoe! We will continue to buy these or other similar Nike shoes for him.", "They are extremely comfortable and well worth the price. Took a long time , about a week and a half. I brought them to run in but they are too cute so I m looking for another pair", "I bought these shoes for running the track at the gym in September. Now it is March and the sides where my pinky toes has huge holes in it. I got to the gym maybe 3 times a week and I work about 6 hours day. They are to expensive to fall apart so soon. I am very disappointed in Nike.", "As a novice C25K trainee, I read shoes are obviously an important choice when selecting running shoes. I tried on several pairs of running shoes with the Dual Fusion as one of my choices. I kept going back to the Nikes for the fit and comfort.As I could not really break into a run at the store I trusted my first insticts and went with the Nikes. I immediately noticed a difference as I wore them for my training. I felt no slippage in the foot and a cushioned feeling as my feet struck the pavement. Again being a novice I was not sure what to expect but I personally think this is what should be felt while running. If I can concetrate on breathing and pace and not worry about my feet, this would allow me to advance in my training and get me closer to my goal of running my first 5K. To all novice runners, I highly recommend this shoe.", "I cannot find these anywhere and they are the only shoes I wear while waitressing.  My feet have many issues and this shoe is the only that is most comfortable.", "Bought this for my husband and he likes it a lot. He said being able to layer or unlayer while snowboarding was great and it fit him well even with extra layering underneath.", "It is a nice snicker in a color hard to find at stores, the new season of shoes came out with a different shade of color.", "Thank you amazon for this great deal and product. i m very happy with my purchased and i hope that very soon will get more deals for regular buyers like myself.  i strongly recommed the seller, its very secure and i never have any problems with my credit card.thanks and best regardsTony", "These are the best workout shoes I've ever owned. I've had knee and joint issues, so regular exercise is imperative.  I walk/jog on the treadmill six days a week.  These shoes have made all the difference in my endurance and ability to maintain consistency in my workout routine.  They are costly, but worth every penny!", "Love the shoe! Fit nice, and comfortable! I was bummed when I had to send them back because one of the black Nike signs was missing.", "I like the shoe a lot...There light and flexible,but they run a little small...I wear a 8.5 normally,But can't comfortably wear them with socks...So I would recommend to order a size up for that purposeBut overall I love the shoe", "I'm in love with these sneakers, are pretty comfy and they look amazing with an informal wardrobe.Estoy enamorado de estas zapatillas de deporte, son bastante c&oacute;modas y se ven incre&iacute;bles con un vestuario informal.", "I paid 119.95 for the Nike Air Max shoes.  Six weeks after purchasing the shoes-which I wore maybe twice a week- the right sole went flat.  I contacted seller to exchange shoes or for a refund and was denied because it was 14 days past the 30 return policy.  I have an defective pair of shoes that cost a ridiculous amount. Not a happy customer and will not recommend the shoe or seller.", "Love these shoes! When I first put them on I literally said \"WOW\"... there so comfy! They have amazing arch support which by now you may know I like (from my other reviews). Plus it feels so soft almost like your running on those soft tracks inside or around the football field. Not only that, I fell in love with the toe space. For once there more then enough room for my toes and it's not like I have big toes or anything. I always feel there's not enough room in the shoes for my toes. It's great to run for long distances and not feel like your toes are pressed together. Love love love them.", "I bought this for my son who was very pleased with it. Was a bit skeptical because we never purchased shoes online,  but this turned out great.The Packaging was very good and delivery exactly as advised.  I am now being pestered to buy the grey in this same style for him (lol )will be purchasing soon from this source again.", "What a horribly made piece of footwear.  Although it may be waterproof and looks dope, the material feels of cheap plastic instead of well-made fabric & rubber.  The material is stiff as heck and feels like a ceramic shoe on your foot.  (note the other review regarding \"breaking them in\"... spot on).  I lost return-postage but I'm glad the vendor allowed me to return these.", "My son really like these boots and they are very hard to find in stock at many store. I was so glad to have found them at Amazon. would recommend.", "my son loves these if your son likes all black get them for himm!!!!! hopefully you find this usefulthanks", "thank you so much and my boy enjoy the sneakers.he really takes care of it and appreciate it so much.", "In the photos, it looks nice but in person these Sneakers are lovely, comfortable and just feel amazingly light and strong, good sneakers.", "These are excellent workboots. They are very comfy, not heavy and not too high. I wear them for hours on end and barely feel them on my feet. I like that the lace hooks are actual rounded hooks and not those little clips. My laces always get stuck on those little wraparound clips. The outer rim of the boot is a hard material which did get 1 scratch on it. It's slightly annoying but not enough to make me fall out of love with these boots. They tend to smell after I wear them for a whole shift so I tuck a dryer sheet in each shoe, overnight. This is the first pair of Nike boots that I've purchased (I'm a Timberland girl)and I won't hesitate to buy Nike boots again.", "They are quite comfortable shoes, they adapted perfectly to the foot, are lightweight and compact, the combination of colors black-red - white makes them quite striking.", "These are the best running shoes ever! I'm very glad I bought them and would highly recommend them to anyone.", "This rehashed Nike 95 is not the original design.  The air soles in my pair deflated rather quickly, something to do with lower PSI in the air pocket distribution.  The shoes gave me about 60 miles of road running before I noticed a severe amount of squishiness in all areas of the air soles.  It actually took about 30 miles of breaking in the shoes before they were comfortable. The shoes are extremely heavy, well over 14 ounces for my size 9. The traction on the shoes is also a bit overrated; I thought the shoes had minimal traction. I must conclude, based on reviews on other sites, that this model is really not built for running. I would never buy another pair.", "Im sure the shoes were fine.Unfortunately solar red is actually pink more than red.I suggest you know color palate before ordering.", "This is a great summer boot very light and comfortable.  May need add an insole if your require a lot of support for your feet.  Overall I was very please with the boot.", "Always comfortable that's why this is my 4th pair of Shox NZ. These shoes is quite tough and take quite a bit of abuse.", "Photos respected colors to perfection, very pleased with the model. The orm is a bit small in width, I estimate that the use will stretch a little.", "I bought this product for my brother and he was very pleased, it fits very well and this shoes are great", "I LOVE THEM. YOU ARE THE ONLY PLACE I COULD FIND THEM.  THEY FIT PERFECTLY.HOPE YOU CONTINUE TO CARRY THIS SHOE", "Bought for wife fits perfectly nice looking shoe stylish very comfortable have bought this shoe previously and wears very well", "I wear an 9 in womens Nike shoes. I walk 8 hours a day at my current job. I bought these for work. I had purchased mens Nike walking shoes at a local shoe store. I loved them, I loved the way they fit, they were so comfortable. Unfortunately, the shoes only came in a wide size. As a result the mens Nike walking shoes ended up blistering my heels. Because the shoes were too wide for my foot. I do have flat fat feet. Because I was so pleased with the mens walking shoes, except for the blisters that is. I decided to try a womens Nike walking shoe. I read the reviews and I had wondered if ordering my normal size was going to be an issue or not. Length wise a size 9 fit perfectly. They are too narrow in the toe box area. I loosened up the shoelaces to see if that would make a difference. It did not, I would not be able to wear these shoes comfortably for an entire 8 hour shift. I am returning these shoes. Unless you have a narrow foot, I would suggest ordering a wide size with this shoe. In my opinion ordering your normal size should fine, I'd just search for the shoe in a wide.", "they fit perfect and are comfy and rcvd in a very timely manner would recommend to others have a great day", "So perfectly ordered, tracked and delivered!  The ordering process is informative and easy; the tracking nailed the date of delivery and delivery happened as predicted.  The shoes are new, the box clean and they fit perfectly.  I wear Nike tennis shoes every day of the year in my job and they live up to their hipe!  Perfect.  Thank you very much....", "I've ordered from Shoe Station before and never had a problem with them at all. The old style I used to wear was discontinued so I bought the View III. Very happy and the size is true. This is so much easier for me to order from them as opposed to running everywhere trying to find what I want. They come in a Nike box and brand new and great condition. What I like best about Nike shoes are the arch support and structure of the shoe. They last and are comfortable, but give your foot support.", "Shoe seemed narrow and shorter than other nikes I have purchased  The top squeezed my toes together. Not very comfortable", "Never disappointed with Nike -- fit as expected -- wear as expected -- comfortable and last a long time and I even throw mine in the washer and wash them and they come out great.", "I'm very satisfied with my nike wmns , It is very light and comfortable for playing tennis. My feet look very nice in these pair of shoes", "They are a snug fit around the toe area.  I'm hoping that they will stretch out some. Otherwise. Well made.", "These are very good looking shoes. Just about the only shoe I wear is Nike. I buy mens because I also wear Medical Inserts and gel liners and they take up room.  With these I also wear 2 pairs of socks. I would not buy them again -- I need to wear running shoes that fit more secure.", "Very nice shoes...arrived very fast.  They can be a little tight if you have a wide foot but otherwise they are fine.", "These Nike Tailwinds were a great buy.  Very cushioned and the price was very competitive.  The forefoot cushioning helps even when you're on concrete.", "Needing extra cushioning nowadays, I love this shoe...which also lets my feet breathe through the mesh uppers.  Black is great for winter, but now I need to find it in white or tan for summertime!", "I like the shoes especially the sole which provides a stable footing on the court.The top particularly the heel is strong and provides a full support to the ankle area. I wish the top was a bit higher up to the ankles. I hope there is another type of the same make that goes up to the ankle. I would recommnd this to anyoe who wants to be on bb court.", "I would recommend buying a size or half size smaller.  They ran big. But a good, comfortable fit and they look good on my feet.", "dit is nothing to compare in width with other shoes , these are small and narrow for being a 2e width", "I ordered a 10.5 wide, what I received was labeled 10.5 wide but this shoe is not wide. Wore them once around the house and will be sending them back.", "Perfect for my needs! They are comfy and have a clean look. Great for me to walk in. Sweet Shoes!", "got for my grandson he really liked them good fit also the color is just what he wanted true to size", "These started out as work shoes more than two years ago, worked their way into my everyday comfortable shoes, a few holes later they still have many miles left in them. Just got myself a brand new pair. These are the shoes for me.", "There's not thing terribly exciting about this shoe. It's comfortable but not the lightest shoe I've ever worn. It's a good, solid, everyday shoe that fits well and doesn't make my feet hurt by the end of the day.You won't cry out in ecstasy when wearing it, but on the other hand you probably won't really notice that you're wearing it after a while either and that's what is really important.", "I like a lot this shoes because one are very comfortable to walk and run. It is Nike! the best", "Product deserves 3 stars after I took a look at them and thought &#34;maybe these aren't knockoff's&#34;. Qualtiy control for Nike must of fell asleep, though new in apperance, the shoe did have some glue inside of it as well as 2 places on the toe. Grantide it was miniscule but still looked ugly.The price I paid should of brought a pristine product to my door, maybe the namebrand is slipping like Levi's. At any rate the shoe is a little tighter than most I get, I found myself wondering if women have a size 13. Not enough grief here to return the item, but I was definately writing this review.....for my size I would say try something else, it would be hard to get worse IMO.", "The large plastic Nike swoosh on the outer part of shoe  is made of a cheap piece of plastic . (Looks Cheap) I'm returning mine.", "I like the Nike fit and it is really hard to find a plain white walking shoe. Would have prefered a white swoop, but, the gray is okay.", "Bought 3 sneakers within the same time to test a few for a long days walking around at work, this one is by far the most comfortable. Soft material, lot of cushion around the heels, and very lightweight so it will not slow you down.", "My husband wears this style shoes, only. They fit nice and are comfortable. Will recommend them anytime.Sharp running shoes.", "Needed a wide and comfortable all purpose shoe.  This has turned into that shoe.  However, it looks and feels cheaply made.  Part of the stitching on the inside occasionally rubs against my foot causing intermittent pain. The leather upper has stretched over time and otherwise it fits reasonable well.The fabric and construction is becoming cheaper and the prices keep rising.", "I have tried many walking shoes over the years and these by far have been the best. I have high arches and these shoes fit just like a sock with all the support in all the right places.", "Excellent pair of shoes! Good quality coming from nike! It seems very well done and after a couple of uses I get a good ball control!", "Love this sneaker - my absolute favoriteNo other sneaker is as comfortable & affordablePerfect for walking - running - Zumba & step classes -", "I ordered these for a big Lebron fan. He likes the style and comfort of the shoe, but the size runs a tad bit small.", "Great shoe for just weight training/ cross training. But try not to use these just for long runs.  It'll kill your feet with in time.", "Perfect fit, bought for my 11 year old son. Lightweight. He is using them for school everyday. Would definitely recommend.", "I usually love Nike shoes, but I was sorely disappointed when I purchased these and they gave me blisters on the arch of both my feet. This can be avoided by taping my feet, but one shouldn't have to do this if they're wearing sports socks. Not the best Nike shoe I've ever owned. I would recommend someone getting a different model.", "I am in Afghanistan, and the price, the delvery time, and the quality of the product, the price were all GREAT.", "U can tell from surface material that this shoe comes low price . But for overplay ,it will be just fine . Anyway 9.5 is longer then i expexted or i will rate it 4 stars.", "Great quality, i am happy with this purchase, totally recommended, the package comes to my home so fast, and these tennis shoes looks great when i play", "I really like these shoes but they are made a full size too small. I ordered my regular size first. I had to send them back. I then ordered them a half size larger and they're still very tight. The first time I ordered them they arrived quickly , but the second time it took 19 days from the day I ordered them to get them. So save yourself alot of trouble and order a full size larger when buying these shoes.", "perfect fit and i wear these everyday when i run!! will be getting more when these wear out!! they are like improved feet to me!", "Grate grip, but a soft wearing sole. Comfortable, well shaped to the foot and very light. Some how it still give good support.", "I use these shoes for tennis.  I generally wear a size 9 but had to get these in a 10.  They are a little narrow for my wide foot, but not uncomfortable at all; I think it actually helps with agility to have them snug.  Not much buildup on the big toe, so they wouldn't last long for someone who drags toe on serves.", "Great shoes for a soccer player. They wash well and are durable. My son loves them and the price here was better than zappos.", "When these shoes first arrived, I thought they were too small. After taking our grandson to one store after another, and being unable to find this same popular shoe in his size at any local stores, we went back and reexamined these shoes, made our grandson sit still for more than 5 minutes, and found that these shoes were not only the style and colors our grandson wanted, but they were actually just a little large, and were perfect for the upcoming soccer season. Instead of returning these shoes, we found that they were actually what fit and was wanted. Grandmother guessed right the first time around.", "Couldn't find his size anywhere but online, they fit perfectly and he absolutelty loved them. Hopefully they make it throught this football season.", "Im a heavy guy who runs on gravel roads, flat footed as a duck and 4 e, these shoes hold up great and are soft on the feet", "They were perfect for our trip to Vegas and cheaper than I've seen in the stores love that they have bigger sizes to fit a bigger guy", "These sneakers came even earlier then they said so that was great, plus  there wasn't anything wrong with them and that's always great.", "good shoes but the size dosen't stander with others brands.my doughtier is so sad for this and she wants but are so expansive.", "They are so tight. Cannot be comfortable  Very disappointed. Nike is best ever. Failed on this one. Color lovely. Very unhappy. Have to give to someone who wears 6m", "Liked this shoe very much.  Have another pair and couldn't find this style in the stores any more so looked on Amazon.  This style fits my foot so well and very comfortable.  I only buy Nikes for walking.", "Very cute! Super soft for run! The color s great and very nice. Excelent shoes! Nike  is the best !", "I love these shoes! They are so cool and they fit perfectly. I would definitely buy  them again! Great buy!", "These are so comfortable and the colors are beautiful! I love how well these fit even though I have wide feet. Most active shoes will wear on the back of your ankles the first few times you wear them, but these have a thinner, softer fabric that never irirtated my skin or feet at all! I love how the sensor is under the arch of the foot and the insole is a fun grass pattern. These are perfeft for when I work out or am on my feet for long periods of time.", "My wife has tiny feet and and wears a girls shoe. Nike Shocks are the shoe that works for her. She is on her feet a lot and they provide her the comfort needed to make it through the day. Excellent service through Amazon as usual. Thank you.", "Extremely comfortable! So worth the price. Awesome for people suffering from back pain and/or body pain. The shox relieves tension typically with casual walking", "I love this shoes a lot.  Very comfortable! I highly recommend this shoe to anyone looking for style and comfort :)", "Great shoe, just a little narrow. Also its a hard stiff shoe. I thoght it would be a little softer or more cushion at the heels", "I wear these for work, serving at a country club. They run pretty narrow and are tight around the toe area. Great support for being on my feet all day, but I wish I had gotten a half size larger.", "Bought these for my son, he absolutely loves them. Was the exact same color as in the picture and they are very comfortable for wearing just casually", "Got these as a birthday present for my teenager.  The color and fit are perfect.  I like having the availability on Amazon as compared to going to a high priced specialty store.", "I needed a pair of shoes with cushion and decided to go with Nike Tailwind because when I was in college running track these running shoes lived up to all my expectations.  They are still a quality built shoe.", "Note on the running surface I used these shoes on: I use these shoes mostly on the road. The main route I run is abandoned or something, so there is some debris on it (e.g. small rocks, glass, plants growing out of cracks, etc.). I do relatively short runs (5k tops) and a lot of walking.For the Nike Free family, the number (e.g. 3.0, 4.0, 5.0) refers to the cushioning (a 0.0 would be no cushioning). As far as I know the 3.0 is the most minimal cushioning available for this line, and thus represents something far closer to a minimalist shoe than a regular shoe. In addition to the thin cushioning there are grooves that go from side to side across the shoe and a grove running from toe to heel. The side to side grooves are very thin, while the toe to heel groove is a bit wider. I'm not positive as to what the toe to heel groove does, but the side to side grooves give a good amount of flexibility to the sole (like a minimalist shoe, it is flexible enough to roll up into a ball). A downside to these groves (especially the thin side ones) is that debris gets stuck in them easily. Since they are tiny gaps this usually involves tiny rocks. It isn't hard to remove debris by any means (you can just flex them and it drops out), though it may prove to be an annoyance mid-run if something gets stuck. The shoe has good traction on the ground, though I have only used it in dry conditions thus far. The upper part of the shoe is light and flexible. The upper body is fairly breathable, and I haven't had any issue with it getting too hot or sweaty. Rather than an independent tongue and lace structure the shoe is built kind of like a loafer. Thus you can slip the shoe on, and tighten the laces to adjust the fit. It is also worth noting that these shoes are very light. Mine are around 7.2 oz (.45 lb).Overall I think these shoes are great for running on the road, and I definitely recommend them.", "estan muy buenos los zapatos para sotfboll  super  lo recomiendo 100% desde venezuela tardo lo que me esperaba ni mas ni menos", "Great shoe for price!  My son has used for 2 seasons majors and club ball and on 3rd now.  Spikes still holding up.", "These shoes are the lightest running shoes I've ever owned. Very comfortable. Very thin. I'm not sure how long they will last as they are so thin they seem a little vulnerable to tears and wear. Also, it bends in a weird way on one of my feet, and has been a little painful, but I'm sure I'll break into them over time. If I can get past the pain, and they last a while, I will buy them again.", "I love them! They are so light weight I feel like I'm running  barefoot . I went to footlocker to get some but they didn't have my size. So I looked online and they had my size and is cited on a better deal . The price was way better and free shipping. You can't beat that", "I ordered this shoe one size bigger as I had tried them on at the sporting goods store. They are lightweight, have good traction on the indoor court, and look good too.", "It is a sleek looking running shoe that I generally wear to the gym or running errands. I usually run the treadmill while at the gym. I ran outside for 3 miles in these shoes and had ankle pain and irritation in my toes. Good for short distance runs in my opinion! Otherwise an all around nice shoe.", "I ordered the black/pink/blue shoe and it was much more lightweight and  uncomplicated in design as i assumed it would. Because its so thin, i thought it might not feel as cushion-ny  but in fact, its pretty comfortably snug. The cutting is slim in terms of width and is really snug around my foot, although i ordered half a size larger. So larger-width foot people may not want to buy an exact size for this shoe.Not sure about the durability though, and also not sure if it is really from Nike, or just the shoe factory selling it at a slightly lower price to earn its own capital.", "The shoe is light weight which makes it very flexible and looks great too! The sole has many different levels to make it feel like your lifted off the ground while still being a small shoe. The only probes is that it takes a while to break it in but once you do it's a great fit and comfortable shoe!", "Somewhat small. Couldn't use with orthotics, so had to return. Also didn't like the way the logo was printed on. Looked tacky.", "Shoes are very comfortable. ... I am a beginner runner and can tell the shoes wouldn't last long for more experienced runners.", "Great shoe, the 'vivid blue' really pops, the cushioning is uniform and the foam has a different feel than Nike Air.Really comfortable for everyday use, and you can slip them on and off without undoing the laces.My only gripe is there is zero arch support. Also because of the nature of the Nike Free soles, stuff can get sandwiched between the cushion cubes, but not more than any regular sneaker with grooves in the soles.", "These are my new favorite pair of kicks. The neon green really pops on the black. I get compliments every time I wear them. They are true to size for my feet. Nike Air Max are my final stop when it comes to athletic shoes!", "Modern, cute, air max, but the toe area is very narrow and snug. Rubbed my fifth digit initially. Very tight fit around toes other wise nice shoe.", "Yes it fit a bit too small but that's because my foot is very wide and so that's not much out of the ordinary for me, other than that these are some great sneakers and comfortable fit else wise! The color is nice and vivid ( I wouldn't say neon vivid but you know what i mean lol)I'd recommend these to anyone who loves Nikes and pink", "I have bought Tiempo turfs in the past and I love their feel, and the fact they are all leather show, and not synthetic.  Like most Nike, they are snug at first, but break in after use.  So far, they feel good, look great.", "These shoes don't fit.  I am trying to figure out how to send them back.  I need a large size.", "This is good for dry hard grounds. It kicks pretty well also.... All in all I am very happy with this purchase", "I bought a shose the same size it's perfect but this too small , so can i change it ?send me email I want 10.5", "These shoes wear a little tight so would recommend getting half a size bigger. Apart from that these shoes are fine.", "THE TURF SHOE IS THE WAY TO GO.When graduating to middle age, the turf show helps with less impact to the body", "Great fit! Great value for money! I recommend going a half size up in this shoes however for the best fit.", "I needed some dance shoes for Zumba and these work great.  They provide support but don&#34;t stick to the floor too much.", "I needed a dance shoe for Zumba that offered good arch support. I looked at the Zumba brand and found so many conflicting opinions - too big, too narrow, no support, great support, etc. After several hours of looking at reviews for all types of shoes, I had the bright idea to look at Nike - I can only wear Nike running shoes due to foot issues and decided to look at their brand. I normally wear a size 8 but in Nike I wear an 8.5 - so that solved the sizing issue. I just used these shoes to Zumba and am I ever impressed! My feet don't hurt and I'm not having any issues with cramping or soreness in the foot arch. Now these shoes don't slide as easy as the duct tape I was using on my other shoes, but I'm ok with that - they work great on our carpet and there was no pressure or twisting on my knees either. I highly recommend this shoe - just wish it came in brighter colors.", "I was forced to order shoes online after finding that few to none of the stores in my area carried the 4.0 V3 free runs any longer:(  Apparently they have been replaced with the newest 5.0 model by Nike which NOONE seems to be purchasing! There has been a huge change to the arch of the insole on the 5.0 and this made them so uncomfortable that my daughter tried them on once and refused to try another pair. We bought these shoes 10 minutes after getting back home from our day long trek through the mall and surrounding shoe store outlets. Absolutely no complaints from a happy customer!", "Love these shoes. Comfortable feels like I'm running barefoot almost. Thank you for having this fine product available. Pleae keep these shoes coming.", "I found the shoe snug and had purchased a 1/2 size larger. Had to return them. Amazon made it easy as usual.", "A very nice looking and fitting shoe for a good price. Also bought a black pair. I definitely recommend these shoes.", "The toe box on this shoe is a little wide and I've had to lace it looser than I normally do because it pulls across the outside of my little toe a bit...but I do really like them.  I won't run in them because of how I have to lace them, but they are perfect for lifting!", "i was really disappointed that the shoe size was not accurate to sizing..i have worn 7.5 for over 30 years and this shoe seemed about 1/2 size to big", "These shoes were light, airy, and extremely comfortable. There is no doubt in my mind they would be nice running shoes, but I bought these for my kick around pair of shoes. I'm extremely glad they finally got my size in, there is another pair I would like to get next payday, but for now, these were cute, comfy, and really breathable. I love them. Would highly recommend.", "Love the colors the styles and fit comfortable.everytime at work people ask me where I get them from always tell them about u guys", "I got these to match my orioles jersey my husband got me. The colors of the shoe is better than in these pictures and will go just fine. When I tried on the shoe they were a little tighter around the foot than I typically would wear, but they are so light and really computable to walk in. When I picked up the shoe and held it, it felt almost like a feather. I got the shoes 1 day before the expected delivery date, very nice!", "Great Shoe!! Got it as a gift for my sister in law and loved them!! Buy Buy Buy Buy Buy Nike..", "I was very happy with the fit. Good cushion. Probably not great for running. I got them for cross training.", "They are very cute. However, after walking in them 3 times I developed a blood blister on my big toe. I rested for a few days to let the blister heal.  Went for a walk in the shoes yesterday and the ball of my foot is raw and sore.  Very disappointed because I don't buy shoes often.  I usually buy New Balance but thought I'd try Nike for a change.  I will not buy Nike again.", "Nice Nike sneaker but ran large. I take 6.5 but was too big and had return. Will reorder in a 6.", "Normally wear an 8.5 but probably should have sent these back and ordered an 8.  I just couldn't bear to part with them, though, as they're very comfortable for cross training (elliptical, running, weights, light aerobics).  But all that aside, I really love them because they are orange and pink.  A great vibrant combination, it cheers me up when I put them on and anything that encourages me to exercise is just a good thing.", "The shoes look good feel good on my feet I can walk all day in these shoes.  Everyone who has seen my shoes love them too", "I love them. They fit great and my feet feel absolutely fabulous after wearing them. They fix as expected. Not too large and not to small, No pinching of the toes.", "I really adore red so I pressed purchase quickly. They are perfect except they may be 1/2 inch too big, but it's kool, I will wear footsies with them. Saw them at the Lady's Footocker for over $100.", "But she said its fine.Kids!!!  If I return for a bigger size what that cost me return fare and no she haven't wore it yet", "I had no problems with my shoes love them. The ordering process was just as easy too. The only thing that I have draw backs on is the pricing was too much. Amazon is a great place to shop I love ordering from here and so do my kids.", "Had to return them.  Went to local Sears and bought them instead. It's a nice shoe and I would recommend you measure your baby's foot before ordering then.", "They are comfortable, but a little small. I would have bought the next size up if it was available. Oh well.", "Really makes my plantar fascitiis not seem as bad!  Usually I can't wear flip flops, but these are soooo comfortable.", "it looked like it should be comfortable but it is not. too stiff not cushioned at all  too narrow for a tennis shoe", "This is my first time writing a review but I couldnt let this expierence go unnoticed. I ordered these shoes for my 16yr old son. My son is very pleased. The shoes arrived on the date stated and were packaged very well. The delivery time was very quick. I  placed order on Wednesday evening and had shoes on Monday afternoon with out a very high shipping rate. (much kudos ) My son opened the box and gasped (they are beautiful). He and I are very pleased with this seller. We will definitely use this seller again.Thank you", "It looks like its tight from the inside but when I slipped them it fit perfectly love these shoes thanks", "Excelent shoes, the color is great, good quality and seems to be pretty resistant. The best part is that if you get a scuff with a wet whipe you can clean it!!A must have shoe.", "My grandson wore his new basketball shoes to win his championship.  He had smiles on his face and his feet moved as rapidly as his dribbling.  What more do I need to write?", "Bought these sneakers for my 11 year old sons birthday. We looked at every store in the mall and online and couldn't find the size/color he wanted. These were his 2nd choice, but he loved them the second he put them on. Delivery was quicker than expected which was a bonus. Arrived just in time for the big day!", "is so fit on my up foot but is confort so cushined very good color, the high is great . im glad", "This was exactly the pair of spring/summer shoes i wanted this year (next to the Griffey 360s in turquoise). It will be a fun summer and late spring when wearing these out and about i tell ya lol. Plus they fit great and were delivered with urgency, gracias Amaze-on", "The KD V is a step up in performance from the KD IV, both of which are indeed great sneakers. What I like about the new KD V is the added support for your ankle; that incorporated with the light premium materials make it an ideal sneaker for any shooting guard. With a retail price of $115 makes this sneaker much more affordable than the Lebron X, Kobe 8, or any other pair of Jordan on today's market.I give this sneaker a solid 4 star review. My only knock on the sneaker is how tight it feels on the front end of your foot. That being said I recommend buying a half size up.", "these are very comfortable, reminds me of the first prestos. Even got complimented at the nike outlet on them . cool!!!", "I'm a female with ladies size 10.5 feet.,  I bought the men's shoe in size 9 and it fit perfectly.  The shoe itself is light, comfortable and perfect for running.  I have flat feet with a wider spread at across the toes but a narrow heel/ankle area.  I've found it hard to find a ladies running shoe that can accommodate these fitting concerns but this shoe does the trick.", "These shoes have all the features of shoes that are twice the price. They are perfect and I will purchase another pair when my work shoes wear out!", "I had these lime green airmax when they first came out, super excited to have them again. Sneakers are perfect and the shipping was on time! Will do business again!", "I love these sneakers, which I owned many years ago. They're very comfortable to wear and I love the colors. Put them on as soon as I got them and wore them all day.", "Best sneakers and so comfortable. Absolutely delightful to wear them and would even buy another pair when I would need to.", "I order a pair every year and I love them more and more every year these are classics .. love them", "The fit really good and they are the real thing. I love the way they look on my feet. I just ordered them Friday and they came today when they said I was supposed to get them March 6.", "Awesome shoe!!! they just run a little small. I'd order 1/2 size larger shoe if you're considering purchasing this shoe. Shipping was very prompt!!!", "I received tons of compliments on these sneakers. I love them and they are good for a casual. Not much of sneaker fan but these are great.", "Wife loved them, though did find them cheaper on another site. Probably not in this size, so I'm sure it was a good deal.", "Great comfy shoe that can be worn with a lot of things.Looks great. Fits true to size!Slightly difficult to loose, but problem just needs to be worn in.", "I normally wear a 7.5 in all Nike's but these ran just a little big. I will wear thick socks.", "Its really narrow around the metatarsal bone and you need time to get usded to it or get it a bit expanded.The length is exact.", "Great looking shoe I've gotten so many complements. The fit is great also such a sexy sneaker! I have two different styles", "I really like these shoes! I wear heel 24/7 and high heels doesn't work for every outfit so this is a nice alternative.They were a little big and would have liked to try on the smaller size but once I got my laces comfy they were ok.I plan on ordering an all white pair next.", "Love them!got a lot of compliments. Fit great and comfortable. Want to get some more a different color. Try them.", "I love these shoes, I get a lot of compliments on them.  They were brand new, and fit perfectly. I love them", "Love it soooo much! Super cute! The color is amazing! Also very comfort and fit with any jeans or shorts.", "For a child with a narrow foot and heel.  Almost a perfect fit.  Child loves shoe and the the price was right.", "comfortable stylish light durable great for running traveling or the gym.. They feel like a parachute on a &#34;foam cloud&#34;", "This is my second pair and they fit, look and feel great. Amazon has some terrific products at very reasonable prices.", "Added black laces to match the side strip. It's a Nike what eles is there to say? These were just as pictured.", "Received my shoes right on time and they fit great.You can never go wrong with a 40.00 dollar pair of Nikes.I buy a lot of Nikes from Nike but I also get them fromAmazon and have never been disappointed with them.", "We didn't have any problems with this order. The sneaker is very nice looking, but my husband thinks they're &#34;too flat&#34; although he won't let me return them!", "My son loves these shoes, he said the fit is great and has gotten quite a few compliments.  He said they feel great right out the box.  Thanks Amazon great gift.", "I really like my new Nike sneackers.  Great quality shoe, fair pricing, and fast shipping to boot.  What more can we ask for, right?  The sizing seems to run a little bit on the snug size.  I recommend 1/2 size larger on orders.  Thank you Amazon.com", "These are a little tight ,but nice and tuff sneakers ,the next time I order Nike's I will get a half size larger,Nike's are always tighter than any other shoes, I wear a 10& a half ,with most shoes& sneaks but with Nike's I would wear an 11 or 11& a half,", "Perfect fit, great look, exceeded my expectations.  I hope they will be available when I need another pair...I'd buy them again without hesitation.", "I like the pair of shoes. Its one of my best. Its simple and confortable to wear. I am planning to purchase another nike pair.", "Great shoe & cheaper than what you can get it for in the stores. I would recommend this to my friends", "Bought for my husband who likes the old high-tops.  These are the closest I can findbut he seems happy with these!", "I think that Nike is the best shoe made for all sports. More expensive but worth every penny.  I love the selection.Scott LaBonte.", "Better price. Definitely will purchase these Nikes again. Bought for hubby n he loves them. Hubby didnt know differencefrom department store.", "Won't be able to get any more of these.  These are the shoes that fit good and last.  Hope to find a replacementonce these are wore out.", "no regrets... and everybody ask me where i got it......the colors match with mevery comfy........ so happy with them", "I bought two pairs for school gym for my twin daughters. Totally white. They such love them because comfort and light shoes. Thanks.", "Because of the design.The glasses are fine. Its just the shape is too narrow toward the bottom. And kinda small as well", "This is the only pair  of this type of basketball shoe that i have ever seen. I cant find them anywhere else.They look sharp and are very comfortable.There is probably no point writing this review because there aren't anymore for sale anywhere on this site.", "I usually wear a small in Nike, but had to order a Medium in this shirt.  Its nice, almost a pink color, but fits great.  I have only worn it in the winter and do not know how it performs yet out on the golf course.", "I love my new shirt. The quality is good and I love the style. I would recommend this to others.", "exactly what i wanted...very cute...very lightweight...super comfortable...product came quickly...i ordered a half size bigger than my normal size, like i read in the reviews & that worked perfectly for me...very satisfied :)", "Buen producto de optima calidad, llego todo en buen estado, le queda perfecto a mi hijo, muchas gracias. Pronto comprare otro para mi otro hijo.", "My son loves these. We could not find these in the stores so happy to find at amazon. Will buy another pair when he grows out of these. I think NIKE runs a tad smaller than other brands. He usually wears a 13 and I had to buy these in a 1. Also factor in the socks are often a bit thick. Reccomend.", "A Jordan lover finally found another sneaker that he loves. My son loves the fit and said they are super comfortable. I hope to find other colors for him.", "i just buy this product in color black and white and arrive all black, and has some scratches on the mark of nike..,item arrive fast.", "Awesome Slides.  These flip flops are comfortable and stylish.  Sizing runs true to form.  Highly recommend them to anyone who wants to look good while being comfortable!", "Shipping was quite fast(came 2 days before expected day) with a great product. These shoes are great I wear these almost every day. was scared at first because of the size(I'm a 12 in these kind of suede shoes. So i bought my same size and it fit perfectly snug.", "This shoes were just what I had been looking for for the past five years, perfect, just wonderfull, perfect yes", "These were one of my favorites. Made for men but very pretty and can look girly if worn right. Shiny white on the plain white gives it a dressy look. White nikes go with anything!", "I picked the size that fits well on my foot depending on nike sizes but when I put it on it was smaller", "When i first bought these they rubbed up against the back of my ankle painfully when i walked.  Took a couple of weeks for the cloth the soften and my ankles to go numb.  Not sure if that's supposed to happen.  It made me skeptic so i checked the tag on the inside only to find that the stitching attaching the tag to the shoe has sewn the tag in half so i can't even read the bar code or the upc.  Seems a little fishy but the sneaker looks authentic.  Delivery was just fine and fit was just fine as well.", "Great shoes!!!  They fit well.  I don't wear them all the time but when I do, I get load of compliments.  I would recommend them for anyone who likes J's", "I ordered this online and was nervous because it was a birthday gift but it was just as stated in the ad", "the sizes run a little small. they are comfortable. the color is good and the price on them are okay ive seen them in stores for less but they don't have the blue ones like this and that is what i really love about the shoe. i would recommend", "I loved these shoes I only  ordered them slightly smaller I am currently in the process with the company to see if I can send them back to exchange them for a half size bigger and let me tell you their customer service seems really quick they replied to my email the same day, and seems like we might work something out I greatly recommend these shoes as well as the company !", "I absolutely loveeeee these shoes!!! they were brand new when they arrived and I have 2 pair. I know its crazy but white shoes mess up fairly quickly and I always like to have a fresh back up pair.", "I bought these for my grandson who plays varsity high school soccer. He love the fit and says they perform really well.  I like them because they cost me almost $100 less than I could find them anywhere else.  I orderd them on Monday and received them on Thursday, so the processing and delivery time was outstanding.  Great product and service!", "I've been in love with these sneakers for over 10 years. You cannot go wrong with an old school pair of air max 95's. Item arrived on time and as described. The shoelace eyes are hot pink, which I loved. Comfortable sneaker.", "The shoes are great. Just as described. My son wont stop running in them. They fit him very well. Its a plus that there are no laces to tie! These jordans are a good deal for anyone who cannot break the bank, but still want their kids to look sharp. Tey fit him great with just enough room for his little toes. A must have have!", "These are so awesome, my feet are so comfortable during my walks/runs in these shoes. No more heel pain for me.", "I wore these one time and the plastic part over the toe started to crack on the inside. Now there is a big line across the toe. They fit good and look cute other than the line. The plastic part over the toe is transparent, so you can see your sock through the plastic part. I like them enough not to take them back but, it would have been nice to be warned about this problem before I spent $70 on these.", "Beautiful, beautiful shoes, although I have just wear them, they are very comfortable and affordable... I always wanted to have a Pegasus model so I am really happy with them.", "I bought a small.  Im 5'3'' and 115lbs.  I like work out pants to be a little loose but these were huge- very wide.  I didn't even try them on.", "Really like it.... shape, size and materials are just right for a sporty girl (small size).... very comfortable for my races...", "We got these shoes as groomsmen gifts so the boys all had matching shoes. They fit well in a range of sizes.  They were comfortable enough (as Jordan's are) for them to wear all day and didn't look like they were wearing sneakers to a wedding!", "I bought these in the store. I got them a little bigger than my sons feets but they are adjustable in the back and on sides for narrow or wide feet. Best shoes ever for summer time. Work great in water", "still trying to return and trying to get the right size may or may not buy them again... don't understand why this is sso hard.", "I ordered this boot on Amazon.com from US Patriot. I first looked at the Nike website, but my size (and several other sizes) were not available. I immediately went to Amazon. I had never heard of US Patriot even though I have been in the Army for 12 years so I was skeptical at first....but boy are they fantastic! First, the boots are everything people say they are. They are comfortable, lightweight, and affordable. US Patriot is also an amazing company! After I ordered it on Amazon, I literally got an email like 1 hour later telling me my item has shipped! It actually showed up the next day! I didn't even pay extra for rush delivery! And if I remember correctly, I only paid like $3-4 for shipping. It was absolutely amazing! I will definitely use US Patriot whenever I can!", "Having been in the Army for 7 years, I've worn a selection of issue boots. I haven't purchased a pair of boots by choice, since BDU's. I wear a size 8 in womens and have fairly wide feet. I ordered a 6.5 in the Nike SFB Boot and the fit was perfect. I was in search for a low profile, lightweight boot, for use in Garrison. Although the Nike SFB is low profile and designed for such use- the sole proved entirely too stiff for the comfort I desired. I returned these boots and instead purchased the Rocky's C4T boot-- again, low profile, lightweigt and designed for comfort. All I can say is HEAVEN!!!!", "I ordered these while on deployment. I can't believe they made it through the rough terrain and wet days and snow.", "This is my second pair of Nike SFB Boots and I won't buy anything else.  I'm in the Infantry and have worn these boots exclusively for the past 3 years.  You can tell they're good boots when half of an Infantry Company (or any Infantry Formation) are wearing them.My first pair lasted about a year and a half of office work, deployments, and multiple field exercises.  The tread finally separated on a field problem, but I was not upset given the conditions I put them through and the amount of care I gave them (absolutely none).  It took about 5-6 months before the stain-resistant \"coating\" gave way, but again, that was after multiple field problems.I've also used these in Afghanistan, and while comfortable, they're not the best for sharp rocks.  They've still held up great.  I'm about a year and a half in my second pair during a deployment, and other than being stained, seem no worse for wear.  The only issue I've had (with my first pair), is an eyelet coming out, but nothing major.  Besides my own experiences, I've had friends go through all of Ranger School (no tougher proving ground than that) with no issues.There is no break-in time and they feel just like a pair of Nike Free's.  They dry fast, resist stains, and last, I couldn't ask for more in a boot.", "These boots are so comfy. Doesn't even feel like boots. I'll be sure to continue wearing these boots my whole career in the military. Than you Amazon.", "I wear a size 5.5 women's and I ordered a size 5 men's. I've had a terrible time finding a boot that truly fits well., many of the army boots don't even come small enough. they fit great except the ankle bends at the wrong spot for my foot (I'm thinking because men have a higher heel?) so I put some Dr. Scholls arch support inserts in them on top of the current insert (not the fancy kind at the machine you stand on, I'm talking like 8 bucks just for some squish and a lift) And they are a million times better.  The insert they come with is crap but replace that and the boot is great. Easy to tuck uniform pants and laces into because the top isn't super stiff. A ton lighter, i don't feel like I'm walking with bricks on my feet. I don't know about long term wear yet their too new, I can kinda tell these aren't going to last for a bunch of ruck marches or anything but good for daily stuff. I have the boots made for women by danner for hot weather but they were a pain to break in the blister process was brutal.  The danners going to last forever, but do I want to wear them every day even after I broke them in....no. I do want to wear the nikes.", "These boots are everything they claim to be: ultra-light and ultra-comfortable.  I'm in the USAF so I have the sage green.  Unlike real suede boots, these don't discolor and look as new as when I bought them over a year ago.  They keep your feet very cool which is great for being out in the heat with a hot uniform on.  I work in a controlled environment that's kept at 68 degrees and sometimes my feet get cold at work, so if you work outside a lot and are in a cold area they might not be good for you.  In an office or outside in a warmer area they're great.Due to being light and flexible they're perfect for traveling.  They barely weigh more than running shoes and take up less space in a bag.  They're only 9\" instead of 10\" like most military boots, but because they're so light they don't need the extra height.These boots are unbeatable if you work in an office or need something for light outdoor use (like hiking).  If you need something more protective (these are not steel-toe) or durable (I wouldn't say these are delicate but there are more durable boots out there) then you may want to look elsewhere.  I like my work boots so much I was thinking about getting a black or tan pair to use as hiking boots, which is something I'd never consider for any other military boots I've had.Based on other reviews I bought a half-size up from what I normally wear and they fit perfectly.  I don't have any other Nike shoes, but from what I've read they fit the same as any other Nikes.", "I too bought these and my son has only worn them a month and the red part on bottom of shoe is coming off!  I would not buy this product!  Its not with the money i decided to splurge and buy my kids nice shoes something i thought would last longer boy was a wrong!  Nike needs to be told of this problem.  I bought mine thru jcp.com and i have emailed them and sent them pictures not happy with this product! I wouldnt even give this a one rating but you have to rate it!", "I love this shoe and how it not like any other on the market. Wish I could get them in yellow and black.", "Fit like a glove and can be worn all day!  The Comfort Air is made for the street not the court!  My company colors!  Thank you!", "Excelente dise&ntilde;o, &uacute;nico. Combinaci&oacute;n perfecta de l&iacute;neas entre cristales y marco. Deportivos y elegantes, todo en uno... Sencillamente perfectos, para todo momento, casual, elegante y deportivo", "At first i wasnt sure the were gunna be exactly like in picture and that thy might be fake but i was completely wrong when i got them i checked every thing and they are legit and look amazing im happy to have bought them for my little princess", "Was looking everywhere for these super excited to find them and they are just to precious my little one loves them", "My 4 year loves the shoes. They are even cuter than I expected. They fit her well and went perfect with her bday outfit!", "it was light and fits perfectly.  good for walking and comfortable. fit was perfect and not too tight and average support.", "excellent shoes, my friend loved them because they are very comfortable, fresh, soft and very good quality. are ideal for sports, because they are durable, they are also practical", "Purchased these after receiving my Nike Free Run 3's from the Nike Store.  I'm having to return the 3's, but love the 2.0's.  The 3's have a rubber overlay around the the middle of the shoe that constricts my foot and causes painful rubbing on the top of my foot.  The Free TR Fit 2.0 doesn't have the rubber overlay and fits perfect.  I just stocked up with three more pairs.", "So wonderfully comfortable and I even have a bunyon.  Very true to size. The pink color is brighter than the pictures show but still cute. I walk and ride bicycles for exercise and these were great for both.  I love that they are so lightweight and cool.", "Bought these for my daughter who is in U12 futsal (similar to indoor soccer). She likes traction and that you can feel the ball really well through the shoe. She says that they are the most comfortable shoe she has for soccer. They are very low profile which makes it easy for her to chip the ball. 6 of the girls on the team bought the shoes after they tried my daughter's", "I have been looking for these shoes everywheree n have only been able to find them here. Please put up more sizes so I can finally have a pair of these fresh sneakers !!!!!!", "I like Nike and Asics shoes, but I think that Nike shoes are more light than Asics. Although you have to consider that Asics seems better made and has more cushion. I like to train with asics and race with Nike, because they are lighter.I was very impressed with this Nike Pegasus 28 it is great for long distance training, by long distance I consider more than 10 miles. It is very light and the cushioning is great. I used to practice with Nike Lunarglide 3 which I was very disappointed. But Nike Pegasus made me like Nike again!The longest practice that I've ran with Nike Pegasus 28 was almost 15 miles and the cushioning was still great! It made my Asics Nimbus feel like I was running with weights in my feet.I hope that this review may help people who are undecided!", "These shoes are size 9 man, bone 10 women, i.e. 27cms, according to information of the Nike Board, should take account of this when buying them, the description is incomplete should say 9 = Man or 10 = Women.", "I love this sneakers!!! They are very comfortable and great for working out. ( Well at least  in my opinion) I would definitely recommend these to anyone.... I was shocked to find them online because this style is very old and hard to find anywhere. I'm thinking of buying another pair just to have a back up lol", "IMPOSSIBLE TO PURCHASE WITHOUT SIZE INFORMATION!  I HAVE WRITTEN TO THE SELLER PREVIOUSLY WHICH IS VERY ANNOYING THAT THEY HAVE NOT CORRECTED THEIR DESCRIPTION OF PRODUCT INCLUDING SIZE!  HOW VERY FRUSTRATING!GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER PLEASE!!", "If you like minimalist, lightweight shoes, these are a great choice.  I purchased them as my first pair of crosstrainers for my new gym membership.  I use them for everything I do there: elliptical, treadmill, and zumba class.  They are so comfortable that I forget to take them off hours after working out.  And of course, with the eye catching color, I receive numerous compliments every time I wear them.  Great looking shoe, and totally fits the bill for all kinds of exercise.", "I love these shoes and receive compliments on them all the time. Who would think of getting compliments on tennis shoes?  Trust me you do with these.  They are extremely comfortable.  I wish all shoes were like this comfortable, stylish and made well.", "I love these socks! They're very comfy, stay on real well and they are durable.  They're also very breathable.  The socks in the picture that look like they have a purple swoosh are actually gray, but that's the only discrepancy I can think of.  I don't really have a preference to what color they are since my shoes cover that part anyways.", "My boy is loving his shoes. It fits perfect and are very confortable. They look so pretty . I like it so much.", "The Nike Air Jordan Retro V.1's are very nice shoes. i normally wear less expensive shoes such as vans and other skate shoes but when i came across these jordans they looked to sweet to pass up. so i ordered the Black - cool grey - white color. they are comfortable to walk in but i dont think theyre the right shoes for sports or anything like that, they're better for a night out with the ladies lolololol! anyways, i really like these shoes but as i said, i normally dont wear nikes/jordans so i wasnt sure how the fit would be. im a size 12 in most shoes but i ordered an 11.5 in these and they fit fine. very snug fit but not too tight. only one slight problem, the right shoe seems to be a little tighter than the left. i can feel my toe against the right shoe and on my left i cant. it may be that my right foot is bigger but i lined em up and it didnt seem like it was bigger... im pretty sure they will loosen up after being worn some more though.", "This is really a very comfortable shoes. Walking and strolling makes it a breeze. Did I mention friends asking me where I got them! 4 and half stars from me.", "I love these shoes!  The soles are so flexible and they help to save my feet and my money.  I'm an avid runner who runs 3 miles about 4 times a week.  I'm constantly replacing shoes.  With these Freeruns, I replace them half as often as my previous pairs of running shoes which has so far saved me a ton of money.  I think I've finally found my perfect shoe!", "I purchased this t-shirt as a just because gift 4 my son-The quality was great & it arrived promptly & in good condition but unfortunately I ordered the wrong size so had 2 return-The return process was easy & the refund was prompt.", "Great to throw on over leggings, this is a very short skirt. Ok without leggings is your younger than I. Overall I like the ease of throwing something on to make a quick run.", "love it even though the green/neon color is very flashy. I bought it for $110 at Foot Nation as an on-sale sneaker so I don't have to cough up $180 for the other newly ones. Very comfortable and help to reduce shock to my lower back. In fact, no back problem ever since I've been wearing this type of airmax for the past 2 years. Oh, and no more knee problem, either. Worth every penny!", "Great quality product but I expected nothing less from a brand I have trusted for years.  I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a quality running shoe.", "These shoes are like wearing socks!  They slip on perfectly and stay snug.  Amazing design, light weight and stylish.  I have 2 pair!!", "In general, Nike makes a great running shoe. This one was a little disappointing. Not much support or cushioning. The best feature is the vented panels near the toes and sides which does help to keep your feet cooler. The laces are also short for this shoe. Overall, not really happy with the purchase.", "I use these shoes mostly for running on a treadmill at my gym.  They feel a little tighter than previous Vomero's but  I like snug shoes when I jog.  I'm a bigger fellow at 235 lbs and I find the cushioning sufficient and what I was expecting from the Vomero's.  My only gripe with the Vomero (previous versions too) is that the blown rubber forefoot sole wears down a bit quick for my liking, but then it also contributes to the cushioning.  Overall I think they are a good option for bigger runners who don't need the structure like the Asics Kayano and just want cushioning.", "Very very comfy...soft and good support all the way around.  My fav next to the Air Pegasus. Good buy for me", "Now on my second pair of these and I find them amazingly cool (thanks to the mesh side venting) and comfortable.  Soles and inserts are long lasting -- practically \" as new\" after almost a year.  I find the platinum/gray color a good change from the white too.", "Best neutral shoe in the market, my 5th pair in 4 years of everyday running, more color options will be warmly welcome", "The Vomero+ 7 is comfortable and absorbs most of the impact. Before that I used the Vomero+5 and Pegasus 27, and in my opinion the Vomero+7 is a evolution.", "A great shoe and I am a big user of the Nike + system so that was the first requirement. The Amazon price was excellent. The shoe fits perfectly and the color and style is also excellent.A light weight shoe but provides me with good support and there is enough room if arch support is used. I added the Scholls 430 insert (my personal fit) giving me additional support without having to remove the Nike liner. The shoe therefore becomes a little tighter for me but still very comfortable with tremendous support.", "I like the NIKE Zoom Vomero model; the shoe fits well, and is comfortable, which allows me to wear this day-in day-out. I have had the Vomero 5, Vomero 6 and now the Vomero 7+, and I have used them on daily basis.Would recommend anyone to buy these shoes for running and everyday.", "Great shoes, but i bought the wrong size. If youre military, i recommend these if youve been injured. Theyre comfortable and support well. Feels like running on clouds. Or sun bleached sand without the resistance.", "I had some already that I wore until they were holey. So glad to get more. I love these shoes.", "these shoes are true to size. most comfortable as well. i bought them for my bf but i tried them on, and i have to get one for myself as well. i would love the same colour but just cant seem to find it.however, the colour shown here seems to be slightly different from the one i ordered. here it seems a bit metallic teal, but in reality its a sort of greenish, bluish and less tealish.lolz", "Size 11 2E.  Glad I ordered the 2E, most other sneakers didn't have any Extra Wides in size-11.I know it is expensive for a sneaker, but it is very comfortable and fits well.", "so good item  I LOVE IT RIGHT SIZE RIGHT COLOR......EXCELENTE PRODUCT I RECOMMENDED TO THOSE PEOPLE LIKE ME THAT LOVE SPORTS...", "Been using these to get into better shape. I use them religiously and never had a problem. Very comfortable and will definitely recommend this product and seller to others.", "They were exactly what I was hoping for. I ordered girls size and they fit perfectly. I haven't used them outdoors but on treadmill they're great. They're light but still supportive enough.", "Gorgeous shoes exelent rate they delivered quikly and it have good prices!!! The size isperfect and the color and texturre exactly as in the picture", "Love em fit great and give my foot so much flexibility whether I'm walking, exercising, or running! I highly recommend, them!", "I bought these shoes for my daughter who is quite the athlete--she loves them!  She says they're really comfortable, lightweight--perfect for running.  She's a year-round soccer player, but she stays in conditioning mode with road-running, treadmill, and zumba.The fit is great, and her feet stay cool (cool-looking, too!)", "I was comparing them with the real nike free and the sneakers I bought are not real nike shoes they are fake... Everything about the shoe looks fake and not done well.", "Very satisfied. My great grand daughter. A doth grader is in track and is quite a runner setting some school records already at her age and she loved her shoes. And breaking rh in for her first track meet now inaugural. Thank you for the fast delivery that was awese. Love shopping Amazon.1", "A little tight and narrow but besides that they seem ok. An average pair of shoes. If your daughter or son has medium to wide foot size do not purchase these.", "Love them :) they fit perfectly and are so comfortable to workout. I will order some other color for my collection :)", "will never buy anotyher runnintg shoe again. Perfecton and price make this an unbeatable option.  Great experience and great functionality", "Not mad at them.  Not the best but they could be worse also.  My feet generally hurt after running in them but they have been good for every day wear and tear.", "I was a little nervous about paying for these shoes then finding out they are not my size, since I know nothing about this 9.5 D(m) shoe sizing. But nevertheless, the shoes came perfectly fitted to my feet, they are super comfortable and atop that, they arrived 2 days earlier than I expected.I am going to purchase another pair in the near future.", "I don't jog in these, I work in them. I've worn this model for a couple of years now; the lunarlon line is awesome.", "My son says he can run as fast as the wind in these shoes. Lol. To pick out shoes and have him say I did a great job is music to my ears", "When I first tried on this Nike sneaker, I was a little disappointed because it was too snug width wise.I thought I needed a large but noticed not one sneaker anywhere was more than &#34;medium&#34; which was shocking to me.But after a week wearing them, they became comfortable and now feel great.I still don't understand why they don't come in a &#34;large&#34; width wise since I always try on shoes in the afternoon which is a better indicator of how you should buy shoes, but I am glad in the end they worked out.", "all I have to say is: great shipping, great shoe, although after a while that you have them on it irritates your foot a little, when you jump the shoe absorbes the shock and you barely feel a thing, so in conclusion, I highly reccomend this shoe.", "I really love these shoes. They are comfortable, breathable, and all around nice. I recommend these shoes, especially for the price. Just know that they are more so for slimmer feet. If you have a wide foot, then I would be warned. But overall, great shoes.", "perfect fit, nice colors and built to last!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Really fit true to size also, great shoe, bought them for my son who lives out of town, mailed them straight to him and they fit great", "I like the look but not a good fit for my wide and high arched feet, but okay for just walking not running", "Everywhere in my area I could only find a red version of this shoe with simple black webbing on the sides. I tried on that size in my local store and then found this pair online. I couldn't find the same color anywhere.I bought my pair from the cheapest seller and saved $10. I'm fairly sure the pair I received were actually 2nds. a small piece of the black rubber on the bottom came off after a few months, and the inside support on the back of one of the shoes seemed bent until they were very worn in. minor details to how comfortable and cool these shoes have been for the last year and a half. I have newer shows but still use these for work and biking. I hate shoes that have white bottoms that can't stay clean, and that narrows show selections significantly. why can't manufactures create the same cool shoes and just change the bottoms to anything but white as an option?  these shoes were amazing.", "these shoes look absolutely amazing. the black is dark and super rich and the red is a real deep red so the colors together look unreal. BUY THESE SHOES you will not regret it", "It is a great productthe best running shoes i`d ever hadI love themwant them in a different color now.", "excellent product, 100% happy, 100% recommended. Arrived on time. no complains. the quality is great.excelente producto, comprado desde venezuela, vendedor responsable, 100% recomendado.", "Bought these shoes for my teenage son.  He loves then, he said they are light and easy to run in!", "I got these shoes through my Amazon acct at Amazon.com.My husband needed a new pair of sneakers, and these Nike shoes caught my eye and I knew I had to have them for him. He has bad knees and the Dr told him to wear good sneakers to absorb some of the shock of walking, and these fit the bill. He is really happy with them and loves the color combination. Great Nike buy.", "bought this for my husband who is very unparticular about his shoes. He said they work grerat so for the money it cant be beat!", "These shows were amazing. Great colors, design, and very comfortable. Great for running and even for casual purposes for comfy feet. But you should order the size carefully because sometimes ordering shoes online can result in a size too big or small. But other wise an excellent shoe. Love the lunarlon at the bottom for support!", "best shoes so far that i have worn within the past few months...im in college for a couple hours a day and all that walking hurts my feet at the end of the day... after wearing these shoes for the past 3 days i didn't have any pain at all and the best part , there really light and i feel that gel support under your heels at all times.", "My daughter is 8 and very picky about shoes. She loves these and wears them every day. definitely worth it!", "It's great what I expected!Cheap, comfortable and simple!You can enjoy when you put on your shoes!It is same as you see the Pic!", "I got them sooner than expected, they fit slightly snug I should have gotten a half size bigger but that's my fault. but anyways everyone tells me they love my shoes and ask where i got them and referred them to this company through Amazon. I greatly recommend them", "Very comfortable shoe, I walk on concrete all day. Love the bright colors and the time it took from ordering to pick-up was perfect.", "I am in love with them. I work out a lot so I really love how comfortable they are while cute at the same time! I did not know they were going to be so bright, but that's just the shoe laces and if you do not like that you can buy black, white, or grey ones for a dollar or two. But apparently bright shoes are in right now so I like them the way they are! They actually run for me a TAD bit small but I should have ordered a half size bigger than I did, so hopefully when I get them back again they fit perfectly.", "My daughter picked these out and loves them! She is into a lot of sports and wears them for nearly all of them.", "I was looking for a new shoe since I am a beginner runner. My other shoes caused pain in my feet and ankles. This pair has corrected the problem. Very comfortable to wear every day or running", "Very comfortable and i love the hot pink. Very very light. I use them for work and I work on my feet so They have really helped in my comfort.", "Very comfortable! I just put them on and started running, very little break-in period.  I would definitely buy these again.", "My husband has had both knees replaced and this shoe is WONDERFUL. He now has 4 pair in different colors.Great shoe!", "I bought these shoes two years ago about two days before a week long trip to Disney World. There was no way I was going there without comfortable shoes. At the time I paid $115. I believe the guy at store said they just got them in that week. I hate paying that much money for shoes. I usually get a $60 pair at Kohl's or a similar store. Those shoes usually lasted 6-9 months. I had to see if the money was worth it, and it was.As stated earlier, they lasted me two years. I started getting holes in the big toe area after about 21 months. It's still a comfortable shoes. I can especially tell after putting on any other pair of shoes I own and then putting on this Nike. It's wonderful. They are light, they allow air to flow through them easily, hence the Breathe, and they hold up really well. The only downside, which is all because of my choice, is when wearing these during the winter. They are pretty airy so my feet can get colder than with other shoes. But I just throw on some smartwools before I lace them up and I'm good to go. But, also, the airiness is a nice bonus during the summer. It adds to the overall greatness of the shoe.Don't confuse this shoe with the regular Lunarglide 3. The regular ones messed with my arches. I believe it had both outside and inside support, but this one only has inside of the foot, which was perfect for me.", "I am a huge fan of the Nike Lunar series.  They seem to fit my feet very well and are comfortable.  I am very happy with this purchase.", "These are really comfortable shoes.  I walk everyday.  These shoes are noticeably more comfortable than my other pairs of shoes.  It's like soft pillows on your feet when you take a step in them.", "I wanted to try these since I tend to put pressure on my instep while I walk.  These give me support and feel great for walking or running.", "Love this tennis shoes, they are really confy and soft. Really like the colors on it. Much more than what I spected", "I thought these shorts were the same as the ones i already have and love- but they weren't. They were a bit to short and the waistband was not as sturdy as i prefer. The shorts are of good quality but just did not fit me properly!", "Girlfriend loved it but was too small, and found out they had no stock left. Was forced to return and will have to find a similar product. Nice and light as advertised though.", "My son's favorite shoes. Had same pair in smaller size, held up well fir this hard-playing kid. I was glad to find them available online.", "The shoe wore well. Was a comfortable fit from the start. Great color. I've never had a problem ordering shoes on Amazon. I have always gotten a good fit. It helps to know your product and get the right size.", "Great shoe . Light but sturdy  confortable , breathable  fabric ---excellent for summer wear . Light grey color is age appropriate for a an adult.  I looked on-line for 2 hours before I found a shoe that did not look like a multicolored one designed for a 13 year old !", "This is the most comfortable and lightest running shoe i have ever had and they look greatFar better then my last pair of New Balance", "I'm a woman, wear a 6 in sandals and 6.5 for shoes and boots.  I started buying boys shoes because they are cheaper for the same product.  boys shoes are also based off of men's shoes and have a boxier toe box, which is healthy for your feet.  women's shoes tend to be narrower.  after years of boots and hard work, and a bunion, I need the room.so anyway,  I bought a pair of these type of shoes, slightly different but almost the same model.  i bought a 4.5Y.  I bought the same size in these shoes but they are tight side to side and in length.  It's strange because the sole is the same length and width as my old pair but it seems like they get narrower in the fabric area.  i thought maybe it was just the padding in the heel pushing my foot forward but after wearing around the house for an hour, nope.  they are tight everywhere.I may try the 5Y.  I'll post again.but great color and comfort, support.", "Everything said about this shirt is true, the quality is top of the line.Perfect fit and it arrived on time.Would recommend to any woman!", "Muy bueno! una excelente linea de zapatos para deportistas mujeres de pisada neutral! espectacular para trotar! ya no mas dolores de rodilla", "This bag is great for the price. Made of Hi-quality Materials , This is very recommended for gym purposes....No Cons at all......................", "My boyfriend purchased this bag because he didn't want an overly-large bag to take to the gym. This was perfect -- it has an impressive capacity, allowing us to fit two towels, a change of clothes, shoes, a hair dryer, soap, and many other things. We also liked the outer zipped compartments on both ends and on the side, in addition to the cross-body shoulder strap being removable. Definitely a good purchse for those of you who want a simple small gym bag and not a huge luggage-capacity duffel.", "This is a good sized sports bag which is cool looking and functional. It can fit a pair of shoes, a toiletry bag, a bath towel and some clothes. Perfect!", "I really like this shoe. This is the first time I've bought anything from Nike in a while, I usually stick with New Balance. My feet are a bit sore after about 4 miles but I'm confident it's just the newness still.", "I have a lot of problems with my walking due to an ankle fusion. these shoes are great and comfortable for what I'm dealing with. Very light for walking. shipping was quick since it came from England. I received them long before amazons due date.", "Well..  I really enjoy all Nike free's.. I owned several and loveThe lightness about all of them. These models have kinda side lacing thing going on and the tounge slides just a bit often for me during basically any thing past walking.. I love the lightness and support and sole.. But these  models are a miss for me however due to this.. Now the new 3.0's are suprer including design and foot and they are clean stylin all colors..... Nike's best free series yet", "Incredible loved it i love running running and this shoe weightless and impact absorbent technology made it easy to sprint miles in a matter of minutes for me i love this shoe and look forward to purchasing another very soon. And thats The jist of it", "Bought these shoes at the request of my 19 year old son. He loves them both for running and casual wear. Fit straight out of the box. Arrived as expected. Will buy again.", "I am reviewing these shoes after putting 500+ miles on them. These shoes are extremely comfortable even after the Hugh mileage. I've just started noticing sag on the inner and outer parts of the shoes (but I'm only 145lbs). I've put thes the free runs through rain runs, trail runs, and 2 obstacle course endurance races. Except for some tearing at the toe box they have held up nicely. My only complaint is that they collect the rocks like a champ. I know they aren't meant for trail but even on roads I collect enough rocks to make the run un comfortable. I have ould recommend these to only those running on clean streets or in a gym.", "This is my second pair of these shoes. They offer an amazingly comfortable fit that helps you run the way you're supposed to. Very natural design they actually mold to your feet and running style over time...or seem too. Not a lot of heal support, but if you're running correctly, you don't need it. Very light and flexible.", "These shoes are definitely worth the money. They feel amazing on my feet. I've never worn more comfortable shoes in my life! They're also the most durable shoes I've had. I got these shoes around half a year ago and they have no holes, no nothin'. The feature I love most about these shoes is the flimsy material they're made with, giving them a barefoot-like feel. Highly recommended!", "These would be decent shoes but they run very narrow, had to return because did not fit.  Ended up buying locally to ensure proper fit.", "While I like these sneakers very much (bought 3 pairs), I have to warn that if you plan to do ANY walking on GRAVEL (path, driveway, etc.) they will absolutely DRIVE YOU CRAZY (unless you enjoy constantly picking small pebbles out of shoe bottoms)!A note to Nike:  Try out your product design before putting them in to production.", "These are the best shoes I have ever purchased. I have run for ten years and done crossfit style working out for 6 and I have never found a pair of shoes so ideal or comfortable for both. I have flat feet and plantar fasciitis but these sure almost never enrage my feet while jump roping, sprinting, squatting or anything else.", "I've been running many years - at least thirty. I've run on Nike, New Balance, Adidas, Asics - The Free Run 3 is the most comfortable training shoe I have ever worn. Very light with tremendous arch support and feel. The padding system is just the ticket for old knees and back.", "I wear these every day and I've come to the point that all I wear anymore is these type of Nikes. They offer ample arch support, and they are extremely light and comfortable.", "I love these shoes!  I do a lot of heavy weight lifting and as we know, running shoes are terrible for squats, dead lifts, jerks and so on.  I workout outside a lot and these shoes are holding up fine.  I run in the sand, do hours of rope work throughout the week, tire flips, dead lifts, squats, etc.  Great shoes, good flat base, easy to slip on.", "Overall these shoes are fantastic with a minor flaw. I bought them to help transition towards a pure minimalist shoe with zero heel drop. They are extremely light with a 4mm heel drop and allow you to focus on your midfoot/forefoot strike. The outsole is very grippy, squishy/soft but supportive, and contours very well to the ground and shape of your foot.My only complaint - the tongue slides to the lateral aspect of my foot no matter what I do and is very annoying. I wish they kept the previous model design where the tongue was built into the lining. If you are deciding on the +2 vs 3.0, the +2 is slightly better bang for your buck as long as you can still get them.", "These shoes were exactly what my 13 year old was looking for.  We went to the Nike store at the mall, and they only had two styles and they were not the colors he wanted.  We were able to try them on there so we knew the size would fit.  When he was disappointed, he suggested to look online.  I was surprised that he went to Amazon.com.  The shipment and timing and price was all to my satisfaction.", "well these shoes are very nice... i have crappy flat feet and these are perfect for wearing daily, i have also run about 5 miles on the track at school since i got them and they are very light and comfortable. i recommend going to a store and trying them on because they fit weird if you have wide feet. also i got the all black ones because they arent strange colors, and the white on the bottom like this version turns a not very nice color when it gets dirty and stained", "So it isn't exactly like being barefoot (obviously), but it's closer than anything I've ever felt, including sandals.  One hundred is a lot for a pair of shoes, but it was worth it for me.  I was a believer in the theory behind the shoe (that all other shoes are &#34;babying&#34; our feet), and getting these confirmed my belief.  Way to go Nike.  Now if you could just stop using child labor to make them...", "The shoes arrived in real Nike box all components in the shoe functioned as intended and just all around great shoes for running.", "Number 1 these are \"barefoot running\" shoes if you want to understand what that is the following link is helpful:[...]I see one negative review here does not even mention barefoot running! Ok I blame Nike a little, they have tiny sticker on the inside of the box, they need to wrap the box in Yellow Tape and call it \"Caution Barefoot Running Shoe\"! Barefoot running is a tehnique - it does not mean that you are actually running without shoes.I do not wear them as a general leisure shoe and so my review does not cover that.Chose Nike Free because of :1. An excellent review on the Guardian.co.uk[...]2. The Running Room recommended them for beginnersRepeat Caution : these are all about barefoot running, if that is not what you want buy something else.I run with my dog and they are outstanding. Had a car crash and broke my knee and so when I came back to running wanted to run properly and use the foot rather than shock my knee and body and reduce injury. \"Barefoot running\" achieves this. Nike Free is a great introduction without having to wear a glove like contraption and is a good transition from a traditional running shoe. Very comfortable - naturally you adopt the barefoot style wearing them (I did) and run on the ball of your foor rather than your heel. Apparently you should use them for less than 10k and on pavement or a soft gravel path, not necessarily designed for trail running (although I have not tried it).Excellent product that helps you adopt the Barefoot running style. Be careful, research and plan your change of running style to barefoot.", "Very nice comfy shoes. Run a little small. I ordered a size larger than usual and they fit fine. Walk several miles a day and these work well.", "I love these shoes. I wear them on the treadmill for walking. I wear them around the house, and out and about. Very comfortable.", "Again order 1/2 size up for Nike.  I was disappointed these shoes are lighter and less cushioned than the Vomero 6's. Sent them back and still looking for a worthy replacement for the 6's.", "This is my third pair of Vomeros and each pair seems even better than the one before, if that is possible. After years of buying all the wrong shoes I have found a winner!", "This is my second Zoom Vomero by Nike. I can't help but compare this to the older Zoom Vomero that I still have. In terms of the cushion, my older Vomero has much better cushion than this new one. Other than the cushioning, I like this running shoes. It has pretty colors and quality is really good.", "I'm nearly 50 yrs old and run several times a week from 3-8 miles each outing. I have a high arch and need a wider toe box. These shoes are the best! They were recommended by my local running store and I've never had joint pain even after a 10 mile run.", "I was very happy to find this exact pair to replace the pair that just wore out.  My first pair was purchased at a runners store and was specially selected to cushion my feet for step aerobics and dance classes.  They worked well ( although I also put Super Feet inserts in them.)", "Very satisfied with the purchase carried out product since it is of excellent quality and they are original and I recommend it thoroughly.", "When my wife tried on the shoes they fit perfectly.  She where's them on occasion when we all around the city.  I would definitely order these shoes again?", "These sneakers are amazing! They're really comfortable and breathable. I haven't tried the Nike+ feature yet, but I'm sure it will add to a good review too.", "I bought these as a recommendation from a runners store after they did a full foot and stride analysis and recommended these running shoes for me.  My knee pain is gone while I run. This is a great shoe. I am very happy with this purchase! I will buy them again when they wear out.", "It took me a long time to realized that good shoes are important and to get good shoes you have to spend the cash.  Several years ago I was having so any issues that I went to a small independent running store.  They watched me walk, listened to my issues and out of all the shoes they stocked, choose the NIke Vomero.  I always thought I was an 8.5 or 9, but they choose a 9.5 for me so I would encourge you to have it fit at a sotre and then check out Amazone.  Since that time I have purchased two more pair on Amazon.  Not necessairly less expensive, although I did get a deal on one was, but I really hate to shop and for that Amazone is so perfect for me because it comes right to your house, no driving, no parking, save time and money.  One pair lasts about 6 -8 months for me with daily wear and gym use six days a week.  I did not like the other color combinations aviallalbe from Nike on the Vomero put the gray and purple is tolerable.", "I've worn Nike running shoes for more than 30+ years and love them.  I plan to run in them for another 30 years.", "Sneakers look great! Red color looks awesome! My son loved them when they came! I look forward to getting him another pair.", "It was abnormally wide and not very well made. My son has destroyed this shoe in less than 2 months. Going back to Adidas.", "I don't mind because he's a small child, and his feet are constantly growing so it's really not too much of a problem.", "Bought these for a friend for her birthday. She says they are comfortable but do require a break-in period. She is an avid walker and says the Nike Zooms seem to be a decent walking shoe although at the end of the day her feet are tired-so she has a second pair of walking shoes that are not Nike that she wear for a couple of hours to &#34;relax&#34; her feet.", "I love the color.  The comfort is not as comfy as the Vomero 6.  I wish they would bring that style back.  Shipping was very fast.", "These shoes are awesome--I love a light fit & having these are such an inspiration to continue working out! GREAT product!", "This is my 3rd pair of these sneakers. They feel like I'm walking on air. Love them. Will definety buy again", "Very comfortable, I can be wearing all day without a problem. If you are planning to go from store to store (shopping) make sure you a wear them. Perfectly fit.", "I love my boots, sn as is what I wanted the perfect size, and I display with much happiness from Venezuela", "i bought them for my sister for her bday shes a size 11 which i ordered but they are more so like  asize 9.5/10 way to small and way to tightto me they also look a little different from the picture they are a little more dule in color not pitch black", "Lots of walking and touring this year to Western Caribbean and Hawaiian Islands. These shoes will work get their workout.", "I really am emjoying the sneakers. They are really comfortable and even have cushioned insoles inside of the shoes.  Love them!!", "My daughter was very happy with the fit and performance of these shoes.  She wears them every time she works out at the gym.", "I am in love with this shoe. It has an insert that is like memory foam for your feet. It is soooooooooo comfy. Love them!", "I play racquetball as much as possible, I've had these for a little less then one year and they have not fallen apart as I expected. I play as much as 3-6 times a week. Was a great purchase", "My son really likes these shoes and they are holding up better than the last $120 pair of Jordan's he had.  I was nervous buying him shoes without him seeing them first hand but it paid off big time - nice product.", "My daughter play travel basketball and has had them for about a month now....was a little hesitant at first but now she loves them.  No doubt because everyone else on the team approved of the different look and gave her the &#34;style&#34; approval.  She says they were comfortable right away and give her fantastic support.", "Originally the shoe was decent. It did what is was suppose to do. However after only two months of play one of the shoes ripped at the top. I do play very hard so I understand it may be me however I believe this shoe is just not very durable.", "Really good shoes. I have worn them at least 5 times already and they are great and comfortable. Look very nice too!", "Shoes look very nice. Also work very good on the courts. Very sturdy feeling and grippy. I would recommend these to anyone trying to get good basketball shoes.", "These shoes are great and fit just as expected. I bought these shoes for my son and he love them.", "My boyfriend loves it. It looks great, just like in the picture. Definitely worth the money I spent. Would buy again in another color.", "Perfect pair of bball shoes. havent played in a while threw these on and hit the court with ease. Very comfortable", "Good Product nice for basketball practice. Some look a like to the 90's Air Jordan. My nephew is very happy so.. :) i am ok", "Shoes were just as advertised. They came quickly too and you can't beat the price. I broke them in for about six hours of just casual activity and played in them the next day. They were very comfortable and I had no problems at all. Very happy", "I was scared purchasing a pair of shoe that I haven't been able to try on. When I received the, I tried them on and they fit. I play basketball every Monday night and love this shoe. Nice shoe with a better price. Nike has never steered me wrong with basketball shoes.", "Bought these for my husband and he seems very happy with them.He wears them to work and they seem to be holding up fine.", "If you have a picky teenager who insists on Nike footwear, this is a good choice. Reasonable priced (for Nike), and the fit was as expected.", "With Nikes I always go up half a size and it works out for me. Great price, great shoe. They are comfortable and look great. They are used with 3/4 insoles and hold up great doesn't look wide.", "They are better looking in person that in picture, i think thery are ok i dont espeacilly like it but i dont wear it either.", "Its a gift for my grandchildren.  Its amazing.  We are really happy with this product.  Thanks a lot.  My grandchildren is very happy.", "Was looking for a reasonable pair of shoes that hold up well, these did not disappoint. Sick of buying cheap shoes that only last 3 months from wallmart & decided to give these a try, not had any issues with falling apart to date & I have not been kind to these shoes.", "I bought these shoes for my husband who has been wanting new basketball shoes for a while now. He is a 10.5 and the shoes fit perfectly. He wore them straight out of the box for 3 days to break them in and he had no blisters or soreness from wearing stiff new shoes. He said that they were incredibly comfortable out of the box and that he loves them.", "They're great shoes. Good traction, good fit, comfortable. I've been playing basketball for 15 years and I've never had shoes I liked more.", "I bought these kicks for my bf. He loved them from jump street. He wears an 8 1/2 in Jordan's yet for some reason, I felt compelled to go up a half size and opt for the 9! Great decision indeed. The merchant even but a card in the box so that the next time I ordered from them, I'd get a percentage off!!!", "The shoes look exactly like the picture right out of the box. There's really one slight problem, if you have broad feet you should think twice before getting these pair of shoes, kinda tight on the side. The shoes is very light on the feet, just holding the box you'll be wondering if there is really a pair of shoes in the box. It is also soft and nice on the inside but behind the heal feels like you would get blister cause not much cushion behind it. It don't look long lasting in my opinion but I'll see how long it holds up. I love the shoes cause it look really great and stylish on my feet.", "These are the kind of shoes to play basketball every day.  Very nice fit, great support, improves stability, keeps your feet dry, and so on. Great deal.", "I bought these shoes in January thinking they would be an upgrade over my 3 year old basketball shoes. And though they were, they slowly started to fall apart. Started with the inner bottom lining of the shoe and is now splitting at the seams. I'll be picking up a pair of Nike Hyperdunks to replace these.", "I didn't expect them to be this comfortable.  Excellent choice.  Shipping was quick and sealed perfectly.  Definitely recommend this style to anyone!", "Purchased for my 19 year old son who needed a pair for the summer. He loved the way they looked on his feet, and the way they fit.", "I really like these shoes! Fit is great! The price was even better! I want these shoes in more colors.", "d e f i n i  e l y l o v e m y shoes was everything i especting", "Better than the new one style-wise, at least to me. Weight is ok, breathes well, supportive. Maybe I'm the wrong person to consult about fashion though...", "I have tried wearing it and the size did not seem perfect and since I am using it away from US find it difficult to replace.  However was happy with the quality", "I mean they are good nikes. There's not much to say really, comfortable and breath well. Very bright haha I like that but just letting you know.", "These are really comfortable, light weight and look good as well.  Nike has the best workout and cross traing shoes I have ever purchased.", "Believe me, these shoes will make you wanna run around the Whole Country twice, then more! As soon as I tried em on, I admediately became More Active. Very comfortable for the Gym, Track, Basketball Court, etc... The Biggest Plus is they look Good on your feet. So wearin em out gets ya a lot of looks, considering that Bright Green color jumps out atch ya. Not to mention they're Nike Shoes, which makes Amazon such a Great Source to shop from. You just type in what brand shoe you want, then BAM, all these choices pop up for you to choose from. I love to take my time and look at every kind, hard to do that at any Store. Highly Recommended, you'll love em! Happy Training People", "It looks good, but my dad said it's a little uncomfortable on his feet. He wears it sometimes, but really. Personally I think there are better products out there. Or at least buy shoes from the store rather than the internet", "Very impressed with the quality. My daughter loves these Nikes and they fit like a glove. She loves wearing them everywhere.", "I am a workout rat.  And this shoes have improve my workout routines.  I would recommended them, even they are a little expensive.", "I purchased the Free Trainer 5.0 in March of 2013 - and the 2nd pair in December of 2013.Great for working out and training in the gym.Allows me a light workout shoe that helps me feel the ground better than most shoes (i tore my achilles last year) i tried after my injury.", "I just received these the other day as a Birthday present and love them. Exactly what I was looking for and they got to my house in a timely fashion. They look and feel great. Might purchase a similar pair soon.", "Purchased this size 12 for my 15 year old.  I was very concerned that it was going to make his already long foot looker longer.  It did not.  It looks great on his foot.  He says that it is very comfortable. We were looking at some nike free 5.0 at Dick's sporting good and we are glad we purchased these.  They were half the price with the same comfort.", "These shoes are fantastic, they fit great and feel great when I run, no pressure on my knees or ankles. Nike certainly got it right with this shoe.", "It's very hard to write a recommendation for shoes.  Due to the differences in the shape of the human foot the best I can do here is review the shoe itself.  I have not owned a lot of Nike shoes but this shoe is constructed extremely well.  I have worn Merrell's for years but find these just as comfortable.  The \"Tailwind 96\" provides excellent support, are light and you can wear them all day.  I think you'll be very happy with this choice ~ and the color isn't bad either, goes great with Levi's.", "I bought these hoes for my father, because hi only can run and swiming righ now. the shoes are very confortable a beatiul, he's happy with this gift.", "I love the shoes and the look.  They are very comfortable and fit as expected.  Nike knows there trade.  Thank you.", "14 year old son loves them!  They wear well and wash easily.  I like the dark color because they do not show dirt as much.", "Great shoes at a great price. Its hard to find a good looking shoe for a white guy but these are it for me.", "I rarely buy sneakers, however when I saw these I had to purchase them.  Years ago Nike had a line of shoes called &#34;Presto.&#34;  They had one particular sneaker that looked exactly like these, and they were the most comfortable shoes I ever owned.  Bought these for the nostalgic factor and I am very pleased with the product.  They are a great lifing / running shoe, provide amazing comfort, and fit securly.  Very happy.", "Looked at 100's of sneakers online. Needed the right style & price (wasn't planning on paying more than $80 for sneakers for a growing boy!). Found these and they fit the bill. Grandson has gotten lots of wear and compliments on them.", "I bought this for someone and it didnt fit at all. the person ended up selling it. not a successful purchase for me", "this is a wonderful purchase, the shoes seems good, my brother is happy to get it. thank you very much", "This is my third pair of 89 Flights - they are the most comfortable sneakers I have ever had.  I am still looking for a white/true blue pair, but everyone is out.  I have these, a grey/black pair, and the black/grey/white pair.  I definitely recommend them.", "I bought these for my husband, he is 27, as a birthday gift. He loves ahving a variety of sneakers to choose from and he loved these! They fit true to size, he says they are very cushioned and supportive. he has worn them at elast en times now and they look graet with light colored jeans especially.", "Great looking shoe but had to send back.I couldn't hardly get my foot in the shoe to try it on...", "realmente es mas de lo que esperaba estos zapatos son extrememadamente bellos los amo comodos suaves y los colores espectaculares", "These were for my grandson.  I had got them for his birthday.  He picked them out and has been very happy with what he got.  &#34;Papa&#34; didn't think much of the color, but that is my generation, not his.", "Very comfy, stylish, fits like a glove. Recommended to any avid shoe collector or just anyone who needs a simple, sytlish shoe.", "received these sneakers on time and my son loves them and we got them for a great price. who can complain", "It's no ones fault but my own.. I chose a half size smaller because I thought that they run bigger but all in all I love the sneakers", "My new Nike Air Flights!  I love my new shoes. They are sharp looking, not only to me but others have commented on how much they like them.They are pretty true to size. I ordered the men's 9 medium (women's 10 medium) and they fit comfortably. One thing I did notice - I have an older pair of Nike Air Flight basketball shoes and the back of the ankle on the older shoes had much more padding (a whole separate piece that came up quite a ways higher in the back) and I miss that. These new shoes are comfortable, just not AS comfortable as the old ones.But, all in all, I am very happy with my new shoes. I don't wear them for sports, just walking, so I have no idea how they'd work for actual basketball shoes.", "Love the color scheme. Fits perfect. Comfortable as expected. Haven't had one crease since I've worn them. Darker Blue than expected. All and all. it is a great shoe", "They run a hair tighter than expected....specially after eight hours + @ robotics competition...my son said they fit great but get snug after extended wearing", "I highly recommend this item! I bought these for my boyfriend and he was ecstatic when they fit perfectly and everything! The packaging was in excellent condition! There was no flaws in the shoes in terms of if the packaging made marks on the shoe or if there was something wrong with it. So I highly highly highly recommend this item!", "In the era of all the lightweight shoes with little support, it's refreshing to come across a shoe that isn't built completely from foam that supports your ankle. This is the third pair of falcons I have bought to play ball in. They are also stylish enough to wear with jeans. Hands down one of my all time favorites. As soon as this pair wears out I'll buy another pair.", "Great shoe, fits well.  The weight of the shoe is a lot lighter than expected.  Overall with shipping and price an excellent buy.", "These shoes run small. I wear a size 8 but I ordered 8.5 and they are still a little tight. The shoe strings are to short. But the shoe is lite weight and very comfy .  I love he shoes.", "My 11 year old desperately wanted to keep these because they are so cute, but they were too small so we sadly have to return them as they are our of her size.", "I know you shouldnt look at your running shoe as a fashion statement but i do OMG when i got them in and opened them for the first time so adorable i got the hot punch pink color deff my type of shoe.....i didnt give a perfect rating because i havnt ran in them but when i slipped them on they deff hugged my foot like no other........iam very pleased.....want to order another pair.ASAP", "I was skeptical about the fit of these laceless shoes as I have small heels and tend to step out of shoes that are not lace ups but these fit well in the heel. They are very lightweight, comfortable and stylish.  Beware that they run extremely small as I always wear size 8 in Nike but had to go up to a 9 1/2!", "I love them, they're my favorite color and I have been looking for them for a while,  I was excited when I received them then I wore them the next day at work and they were super tight. I had to take them off half way through the day because my toes were literally numb. I've been trying to stretch them out but not having much success but I will keep trying.  I'm glad they sent me half a size bigger instead of what I originally asked for or the review would've been lower but I still love them.", "I had to return these shoes. First I only wear Air Max 95's so when I see a color in my size I always grab. Now I didn't notice they were the 95 360's but WTF?!? these shoes are like plastic, seriously you could see my feet through the shoes. The sizing was off. Maybe cause they are 360's I do not know but I do know I ordered in a 7 which is what I always wear and they were a whole size too big if not bigger. I LOVE the combo of color's but that's about it. I would be wary with sizing. If you are looking for a croc shoe that's a running style sneaker than these are the sneakers for you.", "My son loves this shoe. Im thinking of getting him more colors. He said they feel very good on his feet.", "Wonderful shoe. Fits true to size. Great quality. Feels like I'm walking on air. The color is great also, goes with everything.", "I bought almost every color they have.  I am a wide size 8 [sometimes  1/2] and the 8's are the size for me when it comes to Nike Comfort Thongs.", "My 21 year old son chose these shoes and result exactly what he expected, Both color and size fitted perfect his expectations and his feet! Highly recommended", "Got these Nike skateboard shoes for my son for Christmas and he loved them.  They made a great gift.  Awesome!", "After only three wears, three of the spikes came out and were lost.  I called Nike to buy replacements and they said they were all out of football spikes.  Really??  Nike sells millions of football cleats all around the world and they have NO replacement spikes?  That is ridiculous!  Save yourself the trouble and buy cleats with built in spikes.", "SUPER BUMMED, bought these for my son for ball, and they are way too small.  Of course, he opened them while I was at work, and wore them outside, got them dirty, so I cannot return or exchange them.  Wished I would have ordered a size larger, or 2 even!  :(  DISAPPOINTED!", "Every time I wear these sneakers I get a compliment on how nice they look...the fit is great...it makes my foot look sizes smaller and petite...the colors are electric, vibrant and bright...it's super comfortable...great buy", "The cleats are too much heavy, but the power for striking is what i was looking, if it was lighter, it would be perfect.", "I purchased them a size larger on purpose and they work just fine. My daughter loves them, I wish I could find another pair in a different color!", "My daughter really wanted a pair of sneakers. This was her second choice, the ones she really wanted were sold out. I tried to order from the home website but to my dismay they did not accept credit cards from outside of the United States. I decided to check out Amazon and told her to see if she could find the sneakers she wanted. She picked these I ordered them and two days later they arrived. She is happy.", "These are the best brand of shoes I know for running,basketball,and shaking when playing footballSo please buy them .", "I bought this shoes but the number was small&#8230;.... I didn&#8217;t have enough time to change for a bigger one until I came back to my country, because of it I had to return the product.  The company charged me 20% of the product because the shoes don&#8217; t was in the box. This original box in my opinion is very expensive and I won&#8217;t buy  on that store even dough they have never informed that I would be charged in 20% per a box.", "These are the best. Love the colour and because of the design they breath very wellAll the girls at my gym are in love with them", "They were perfect and beautiful. I got them when I expected them now to convince my dad to get me white ones.", "I bought these shoes for myself and was disappointed. When I received the shoes, they had something (looks like shoe glue but IDK) right on the top of the toe of my right shoe. I've had these shoes for about a year now and NOTHING has gotten it off. I am disappointed that the seller would sell a shoe like this without any type of notification, etc but I guess this is the risk with buying online. It's not a huge deal- obviously a year later I still wear them. However, I will not buy shoes off of amazon again.", "I bought these for my 3 year old daughter and they have lasted her quite awhile in good condition. I go through shoes like water with my daughter because she is hyper active and is always all over the place running and jumping. I am quite impressed that these boots have lasted her so long. They are also very cute and stylish. I would say they were definitely a great buy!", "The hard outer shell on these shoes has absolutely no forgiveness. When walking it folds at the creases and stabs into your foot. I am returning these as there is no way I am going to wear them, they are way too uncomfortable, miles away from normal Air Forces, which I already have two pairs of. I bought a black and yellow pair instead to support the Boston Bruins.", "Bought these sneakers for my nephew for xmas... He loved them.  great sneakers, well made and look good casual or semi dress.", "LOVE THESE SHOES. VERY COMFORTABLE. LOOK GREAT.I GET AT LEAST ONE COMPLIMENT ON THEM EVERY TIME I WHERE EM.GOOD PRICE TOO. THO I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO FIND MORE AT THE SAME COST..", "It was kind of a waste. Get the normal elites instead, they'll do you just as much good as these.", "This is just what I've expected. It fits my size. It keeps my foot dry and comfortable while playing basketball.", "very comfterable and are good so i dont have to dirty 2 pairs of socks. A good sock to get for basketball.", "my son loves them and wears them all the time.  be wants several more pair,  they came on time and at a good price", "I tried on these socks the first day i got them and i must say they are awesome. when you walk in them its like walking on a cloud!", "This brand is a quality oriented one, and this item - which I never seen physically -  just is another well thought, well manufactured one. Thanks Nike.", "First of when i got the package it came ripped which was okay i guess the when i put them on the was no padding on my heel so it felt uneven but still okay.", "Very comfy, looks a little wierd in my slides , it gets all bunched up and makes my foot look fat, but I love them no one I know has them makes me feel special they look FANCY hahaha", "Hold up very well to wear and tear and washing.  Thick with great elastic.  Almost fit like compression stockings.  Worth every penny.", "This is my fourth pair of Jordans (of ones I would still wear) and I would say these are unlike many of the others. One, they're low-tops with a canvas-like material making up the black exterior. The main reason they don't look like most other Jordans is because they're not as flashy. This came to be a a welcome change once I started wearing them.The shoes feel great on my feet and they're of pretty good quality for the price.", "Best shoe I have ever bought. Didn't even have an awkward break in period. Wish I could have found another pair my size.", "Yes if athletic could be this are them. The leather looks nice and in Seattle works well for winter rains", "Great it is exactly what I ordered.....great product and great price, would order more of these in the future for sure", "I expected this to be a tight dri-fit top,but it's super loose and does not have a good shape to it.Good for fatties-bad for fitties.", "I was expecting more of an under armor type of shirt. you know, tightly fit on the sleeves to show off biceps.? A bit loose on the arms and short in length of the entire shirt. fits kind of awkward for my taste. Good material though.", "He said it's light weight very comfortable.  As for me the wash, Can wear right out of dryer and it's looks brand new.  I bought all colors for him.", "My son needed a slim fit shirt to wear underneath his baseball jersey and the color needed to be PURPLE!!! We scrambled everywhere trying to find an Under Armour shirt or something similar and just could not find anything purple. Finally I got wise and checked Amazon because they have EVERYTHING and I found this shirt! It came quickly, just in time for his game!! It fits well and was perfect for his needs.", "I initially ordered a couple of these Nike long sleeve shirts in a couple of colors to check out the quality of the material and the workmanship.  Some people had posted that the shirts were too sheer and too light for their use.  All I can say is that these shirts are my new faves for working out and for wearing under quarter zip pullover shirts.  I think I have ordered a total of six or seven of these shirts in various colors and I was actually contemplating ordering a few more when amazon sent an email message asking me to post a review on these shirts.  The shirts are generously sized.  The material is high quality and is very comfortable next to my skin, unlike some of my other long sleeve work out shirts.  The workmanship is excellent.  They come in a wide variety of colors.  And, they are only +/- $25.00 each.  Believe me, you will not be disappointed.  These shirts are a great value.  Enjoy... and just do it !!", "Perfect shirt if you are running outdoors in the winter or late fall.  It fits loose and is very comfortable! I would definitely reccommend this product.", "Awesome like all things Nike.  The only thing is the neck line runs a little loose for my liking.  A thicker seam on the neckline would make this shirt perfect.", "I buy these for my son and he really likes them.  He is a runner and he wears them for morning runs when it is a little cold.", "This was nice and the color was perfect.  The only thing I thought to be a little odd, was that the arm pits seemed a bit large????", "The shirt arrived quickly, and his extremely comfortable. I recommend this product for anyone that is interested in being comfortable while working out.", "Everything arrived on time and in good condition.  Great product for working out - exactly what I was hoping for / expected.  Happy with my purchase", "EXCELENTE ATENCION, EXCELENTE COMPRA, TARDO EN LLEGAR A MI PAIS, TALLA CORRECTA COLOR CORRECTO, EXCELENTE COMPRA, GRACIAS POR LA ATENCION", "I was satisfied that the jacket kept me warm. It is a steal for the price I got for it. Thanks Nike.", "my son looks so handsome in this jacket and it fits him perfectly i will buy more very soon i", "I have 5 of these Principle Dri-Fit sports bras and I am planning to buy a couple more.  I wear them even when I am not working out because they are so comfortable and I stay dry when outside during the summer months. I even wear them during the winter months when I am not at work.", "The shoes are the same size as other shoes i wear. It only took 2 days for them to arrive at my house. They are very comfortable. From now on i am going to stay with Nike Air Pagasus+. I tried Reebok Zigs, but they don't last too long.", "very good shopNike Men's NIKE SHOX AIR HYPERBALLER BASKETBALL SHOES 10 (COOL...fit as expectedthe number just, I like this shoes", "my cousin loved it as a gift. H eused it and was very impressed with the product. would probably order another one", "The carrier drought to the address all messes i do not know if it was the sender fualt or UPS.. It is a nice pair of shoe.", "This is a comfortable and reasonably priced shoe, gums soles aren't the best as most of us know but the quality is there, a good buy in the casual tennis shoe hybrid category.#recommended.Jeff Sevenswww.animalseed.blogspot.com", "These shoes are pretty awesome. Nice sized and comfy considering the Nike line normally runs narrow. A great purchase. Shiny smooth land looks great in the club", "There isn't a lot to review in my opinion about the sneakers. The one thing I will say is they are true to size. I ordered a size 10.5, and they were a little snug, so I returned them for an 11 and everything was good. They look exactly like the picture and are well made. No issues with the seller at all.", "I love the boot but it's a little bit larger than I anticipated.  Most Nike shoes run true to size.  I ordered these a half size larger when I should have stayed with my true size.  A full shoe insert took care of the problem.  I'm satisfied!", "i bought these for my son!he loves them no complaints from him! he's happy with this purchase!thanks agin.We love to shop on Amazon", "Well made and easy to clean, my son states that they are very comfortable as well.  I would definitely buy again.", "My Kid Love it. I bought it so my kid can participate on a school competition and they past the test.", "Great fit! Great color and the seams are really cool giving it a real nice look. Breathes well and very comfortable. I would recommend this shirt to anyone who likes to work and out and look great.", "I was looking for a comfortable performance shirt that wouldn't break the bank.  This shirt is it.  I own several in multiple colors and use them while working out or lounging around the house.  They breath really well and are lightweight.  After multiple wears I haven't noticed any issues with fading or deterioration.  I would definitely recommend this shirt!", "ordered xlarge and they sent large, when I contacted them they were argumentative and told me to front the return postage and they would resend the correct size, front them the return postage? this was outrageous, they messed up the order and wanted me to expend considerable time and money to fix their error on the promise of them performing to fix", "Shirt fits nicely. It wicks away all the sweat and performs nicely. Not recommended to use in mud though as dirt stains are near impossible to get out", "arrived in great condition the shirt is very comfortable and I can wear it all day without it riding up. good quality no rips or seams breaking. fits nice.", "Another reviewer made a similar comment about the 2.0 version not being as good as the 1.0 version of this shirt. I would agree. However, the differences are minor and this is a very solid shirt nonetheless:Pros:Fit - I'm a Large across all Nike products. The L version of this shirt fits me well. Snug fit without being too tightFeel - Material is great. Very light. Very breathable. Seems like it's going to be durableCons:Design - Nike added a cheesy &#34;Pro Combat&#34; label to back of this collar. Not a deal breaker for me, but definitely unnecessaryAvailability - Not many colors/sizes from this sellerOverall I'm satisfied. Not the best workout shirt I've ever bought but it'll work for years to come", "perfect fit.its very easy to wash, great for outdoor activities.material is nice and the colour as well..great service", "Nike had a great shirt under the same name available a year ago.  They have since changed the shirt, and (a) the fit is not as comfortable, (b) there is a tacky &#34;combat&#34; emblem on the back of the neck, and (c) the collar is not nice and snug on the neck like in the old design.  Overall Nike took a perfect shirt, and made it less than perfect.", "Everything arrived on time and in good condition.  Great product for working out - exactly what I was hoping for / expected.  Happy with my purchase.  Came in same condition as picture.  Would definitely purchase again.", "These AirMax 90's are without a doubt my favorite style from Nike. Whether you are a runner or just want a casual comfortable shoe these are for you.", "First off, this vendor had incredibly fast shipping. I have a hard time finding girls cleats in my daughter's size locally. I ordered these last year and loved them, she grew out of them, so I came on Amazon looking for a second pair. These are great cleats at a great price!", "This was cleat was a gift to my boyfriend for christmas he wears a size 9 in regular shoes he needed a 10.5 so 1.5 size up then his regulat shoes nike cleats come small he loves them firs perfect", "these socks are very comfortable, fluffy, soft, excellent quality and durability, fit perfectly to the foot and it is best to not disturb the seams", "Socks are comfortable, keep your feet warm and dry and they stay where they are! I also have the crew and quarter drifit socks and they are all awesome!", "Received these as a gift.  Feel comfortable, lenses seem very clear.  But I prefer polarized lenses, especially at this price.  No indication on box or glasses regarding my question.", "Very nice. I love it too much and recommend friends to buy Nike products. I am planing to buy more Nike products.", "first i must say I am a big fan of Air Max 95. I love the color combination on these particular ones. My only concern was that the tongue, under the laces looked a little faded. these shoes look very much like the originals but somewhere in the back of my mind i feel like they might be very good imitations. They did come in the nike box and it seems like the real deal but for some strange reason im not 100% positive that they are from a legit source.", "These glasses are fine, maybe a little bigger than I would prefer them to be. The one problem I have is that I left them in the car in the summer, and the silicon nose piece essentially melted off. That wouldn't be a huge issue, except for these particular sunglasses that nose piece is glued on (as opposed to screwed on with other models) and you can't get replacements.", "These shoes sre the best ever. When you try the zoom rookies on you feel like you can do anything. I would recomend these shoes to anyone who is in to style and people who love shoes period.", "Horrible! ordered brown boots and received GREEN boots! When I checked out it said \"brown boots\" why they sent green I do not know.", "I bought this for my little boy that's on the way he hasn't got to wear it yet but it looks great and fast shipping", "Bought this for my friend who is a huge Mike fan... He luvs it!!! would get again... Start your further b-baller off right...", "I like these shoes a lot. They fit my feet great and I dont get blisters. I can tell a big difference between these and shoes with less cushion.", "I love the furry type shoes, and i love the dunk style. This is the only type of shoes I'd wear in winter. I bought this pair because I was going to the north and needed something warm. They certainly did the job. But you probably should keep in mind that they are not really sneakers. They won't make your long walk or jogging any easier. They sure are stylish though! (shoe laces are kinda short, and too slippery to stay tied)", "These are great socks & you will not go wrong with these socks. They are comfortable & go with anything you wear.", "I live in Seattle where you need constant protection against water, rain, and mud almost every day. To that end, these shoes are working out great so far! They are not flashy at all, but look stylish and go with everything. I would definitely recommend them!However, my one criticism which prevents me from giving it a full 5/5 is that they were very tight on my feet at first. Painfully tight, actually. I have wide feet, so that is why (the length is perfect as I know my size after years of buying numerous other Nike shoes). It's been almost a week of wear and they are still pinching a little, but definitely loosening up. They are leather, so I think over time they will stretch and be really comfortable.In summary, if you have wide feet, just beware they will pinch at first. But overall, I highly recommend these shoes. They are solidly built out of good material, are subtle yet stylish, and go with everything. I will be wearing them every day for years to come.", "We bought these cleats last fall when my son outgrew his cleats mid season. They were fine in the fall but after a week or two this Spring, the Velcro has completely failed.  He is constantly walking around with the straps flapping because the Velcro will not hold.  When I tested the Velcro just holding the cleat in my hand, the Velcro barely attached and it didn't take much for it to come undone.  My husband bought the straps soccer players use to cover their laces. The cleats are still in good condition with limited wear and they still fit so I'm not buying him a new pair.  He'll just have to suffer until he out grows them. I won't buy a pair of shoes with Velcro again.  I've seen several reviews on other sites that have the same problem so I am not alone.", "The vendor did exactly what they were supposed to do. Delivered the item I ordered on time. However I don't like the band on the watch. Uncomfortable due to the rubber used and too stiff. Very little give.", "Love love love  them!  Lightest pair of shoes I own.  I am a tennis shoe nut!Only wish I had ordered 1/2 size up so I could put a gel innersole inside. Run a little small.", "Favorite shoe to date. I will come back to purchase this shoe again and again. The best shoe I have worn to date for exercise, running etc.", "Love the colours on these runners, very comfortable and goes with all outfitsalways brightens up my workout sessions and makes me smile", "I love these shoes. I have multiple pairs of Janoski's in different color ways. Once I stumbles across this color way (umber/boulder) I picked up as many as I could. I get compliments on them all the time. They can be dressed up or worn casually. Great pair of shoes.", "Honestly I thought this was black when I ordered it, but this is a great shoe and the color rocks, great soul too the darker brown gum soles seems to be a lot stronger than the light tan. Comfort is typical for a Jordan Brand Shoe, probably going to check out the real black 1 soon", "After reading most of this product review, I decided to buy it as I was determined to star running again. The most relevant condition from all the comments was that \"it will never get foggy\" by transpiration and sweat. Well, I got it yesterday and I took then for a spin this morning on my first run. After four laps, really delivered its promise. Besides the great protection, nice glossy looking on the frames and nice adjustment to my face, it was an unmatchable promise fullfilled to me.  If you are thinking on starting your training for running or if you do professionaly, this pair is a must.Enjoy", "I log about 25-35 miles a week, and every pair of glasses prior to these would fog up to the point where visibility would be cut by nearly 50%. Not with these. They breath well and do NOT fog up. They are extremely light, fit very comfortably, do not bounce, which in the end allows you to enjoy your run.", "My husband loves these sunglasses so much that we bought another pair for my dad. They fit well, are comfortable & keep the sun out of your eyes. They also look nice on.", "These shoes fit perfectly and they are great for chilly fall weather. They are very stable and comfortable. They fit to size and good ankle support.", "The owner liked his shoes, but the packaging was awful, one box of shoes in a gigantic box packed with a load of air sacks. The packaged moved from over 2 pounds to 5 pounds costing me extra money to ship from the usa to the Caribbean.", "I strongly like, but don't quite love the shoes. I bought two pairs of nice sneakers on Amazon because I haven't found a pair of sneakers I love in about a decade and thought it was time to make an effort to find something I like. I bought these and some Adidas Superstar II's.These are great shoes. A little clunkier and heavier when walking in them than I expected, but they look good and the quality is obvious. I will say it again... Great shoes.Cons: The Air Force 1 shoes hardly ever change and I could have gotten other very similar models at the outlet malls around me for $10-$20 cheaper. This was easier though and it ships right to my house, and I had a better selection by shopping online, so it is only a small con. You pay for convenience and quality.", "I bought these for my soon to be 14 yr old on May 3rd, 2013 and he loves them. It's his 2nd pair of Jordans that we've ordered online in the past month and all together probably his 10th pair, so we knew what to expect. He hasn't gotten a pair of Jordan's that he hasn't liked or that weren't 100% comfortable. We're so familiar now with the styles that just by looking at them we thought we'd try ordering them online without trying anything on and guessing between a size 10.5 and an 11 and we got the right pair. I initially ordered another pair while my son was at school by mistake, thinking they were the ones he wanted seeing as how we had looked at dozens and he was &#34;positive&#34; that at least 10 different pairs were &#34;the one.&#34; Needless to say I goofed and later that afternoon I sent an email through Amazon to Sole Place, who is the company we bought them from through Amazon, asking if I could cancel that order and I went ahead and ordered the correct pair. They got back to me very promptly saying they had canceled the wrong order and explained the refund to me which worked out easily. Very nice people.I ordered them with the standard shipping as I usually do and the order details said that the shoes were to be shipped out on either Mon the 6th or Tues the 2nd and should arrive between Thurs the 9th and Tues the 14th. All of my many orders in the past have always come on the earliest date mentioned and there was no big rush ayhow so those dates were fine with us. I received a text (I noticed on Fri that you can sign up for texts regarding the tracking of your products!) on Sat saying that they had been shipped so that was a great surprise, and to top that off they showed up Mon afternoon making an unexpecting young man extrememly happy, and when he's happy we're all happy.Overall a great experience, great shoes, competent, efficient, and extremely friendly service by all that were involved.", "I love how good it fits me i like that it can keep me warm and can were this under anything and feel great. This is great for jogging going out when its cold i mean it is FANTASTIC.", "These shorts are great for walking and jogging, which is what I got them for. The feel good, although a bit on the heavier side after you start to sweat. The color is what I expected. The only negative for this product is that I carry my cellphone in my pocket and, when jogging, it really shows too much movement. I have other Nike pocket shorts where there is not so much movement and bouncing around when I run. They pockets are deep, so that keeps the phone from bouncing out of the pocket. It just looks odd jogging with what appears to be an extra appendage bouncing forwards and backwards.", "My 14 year old son loves these shorts!  They fit well and are super comfortable.  I highly recommend them, just wish they were a little cheaper in price!", "these shoes are not ideal for cross-training or for daily wear longer than 2-3 hrs. they seem to feel tighter if you wear them longer, even when you loosen the laces. i've never had this issue with any other shoe.", "Fits as my normal size 11's do. Love these shoes, no defects or marks out of the box. Great shoes.", "I bought to help heel pain, they are great, I am so happy with them. Would buy this item again.", "Bought this item for my nephew and he was screaming and shouting and hopping all over the house when it arrived an he tried it on. You can't go wrong with such a purchase", "great top and looks very nice and its very warm too. I liked the material it was made from and would buy it again", "They make a very good statement along with a great cause for the battle against breast cancer. I fully recommend them!", "The great thing about this shoe is that its sooo light and it has a lot of holes so your foot can breath. Also if you walk outside at twilight or at dark some of the material is reflective. The only thing is that their comfortability is 2 out if 4, that is the only reason why i gave it 4 stars, but otherwise its a great shoe.", "Love this shoe. It has EXCELLENT grip the only thing I  would say is a negative is that you have a little room in the toe box but other then that 4 stars.", "Best basketball shoes i've had in awhile.  I am very pleased with them and have suggested them to multiple friends", "Not what I've come to expect from other Hyperdunk models in the past.  Not quite as light as my last ones, a little flat at the bridge of the foot, and very wide around the balls of the feet.  However, great lock on the ankles, and gives a comfortable run.  The strings around the outside of the foot snapped quickly, as they did with several other people that have this model.  Green is a little greener than these pictures, like the lime green that nike's been using lately, the red makes it look yellow in the site's picture.", "these shoes are wonderful, They are the best shoes I've used. they are beautiful and very comfortable. definitely one of the best currently", "Loved the ugly colour combination as it was a real distraction for the Boris Karloff guarding me and this Lurch needs all the help he can get. Monster shoes.", "I guess you get what you pay for.  I was hoping that since they were Nike brand I would be getting decent socks.  They are comfortably enough but EVERY time I take them off no matter how much they are washed I end up with black fuzz all over my feet.  I will NOT be purchasing these again, that is for sure.", "My teenage son really likes these and he is very picky about his shoes. The color and quality are great.", "Great design, great ankle support and amazingly light. I even bought two in different colors. Very precise sizing according to US standards.I am 38 and have played basketball for the past 25 years. In that time, I have tried all type of shoes and these may be easily in the Top 3.", "Looked good but just exactly what I was expecting as in feel and fit. Always got 10.5 in all other nike shoes but these must run small and were tight side to side and length.", "broke-in easily.  The colors are great, interested to see how long they last.  I play at least once a week and have been going through Nikes fairly quickly...if they don't last I might have to try a new brand.", "these sneakers have great traction, are lite weight but cause pain on the higher part of the ankle when you tie them.", "I already had a pair so when it was time for a new pair I chose this style again. Great product", "This is the 3rd In-Season TR2 I've purchased.  My first pair was orange and black for my grandchildren's school colors; the 2nd was the gray and green for my work out shoe, and this last one (black) I purchased for my all around walking shoe.  This shoe is a fantastic fit, the insole is no cushy ... there isn't enough words to say how marvelous this shoe is.  Nike should make a whole bunch more.", "The cushion in these shoes are wonderful!  They are really comfortable and I absolutely love the fact that they came in a normal color and not just the neon crazy colors that are popular right now.  I am not a teenage, so I don't want the neon stuff.  I wear these in my gym classes and for any running (treadmill and outside) and they are just as comfy as when I first put them on.  I will give a little heads up, because they are so cushy, they are a little tighter than I expected (tight around the foot, not in the toe area).  I still have plenty of toe room.", "i love these shoes, they are very lightweight, and have a comfortable gel inside. they are great! i would buy them again.", "Just a wee bit larger than expected towards the front (toe area/top of foot).  After wearing them a few times,  I don't notice this too much any more.  They are becoming quite comfortable with wear.  Not as comfortable as my other Nike Free 4.0 shoes.", "I mistook the shoe material to be leather.  It is nylon and the shoe runs small even though I ordered a larger size.", "i have been waiting for these shoes for soooo long and finally got them, the only part that kinda suprised me was the real color, in your logo picture that everyone looks at, the shoes look greenish, so i was kinda expecting to get a light green shoe but got highlight yellow color, and one more thing is the sole on the inside isnt glued into the shoe?? whats up with that?? sometimes when i take them off the padding comes out. you should glue them in next time please... other wise i like them alot.", "Too small, toe box was narrow and the blue plastic was not flexible. Cute colors but not what I expected. Returned the sneakers.", "Runs a little big ........ But .....this shoe is ABSOLUTELY COMFORTABLE SHOE !!!!!! LUV IT!!!!! Great for walking , running , working out , and vacation!!!!!", "I love this shoe...I wish I could find the same shoe in all white.  Its my favorite pair of shoes when working as a freelance photographer, light weight and most comfortable.", "Love this shoe this is my second pair!!! I wish they continued to make this shoe! The most comfortable shoe to referee in!", "Like all Nike Airmax before them, these stand up to the name! Super sharp look and perfect for the Dolphins fan that wants to represent their hometeam. I can't comment on the actual performance, as these kicks are to be worn on Sundays between the months of Aug - Dec (possibly deeper if we make the playoffs). If you're a sneaker head you'll love them, and If your a Miami sneaker head, you'll want to marry them.", "I bought this as a gift for my Nephew!  He loves them.  As of this writing he has been wearing them for about 6 months and they are holding up very well.  I was surprised how nice they looked when we got them, I was uncertain when I saw them online but they are a really good looking shoe!", "This is a weird looking shoe. It is too small and it looks like it is made lopsided. I cant seem to give it away.", "...and don't go higher than a women's 10. Otherwise, they would be perfect. Lightweight and the perfect width if your feet are a bit narrow. Go up half a size if you can.", "I got this color for my niece and she loved them.  I have 2 pairs, in black and royal blue, and they are comfortable.  Much like all shoes from the Nike Free series though, they run small, so you'll have to go one full size up.  They're good for the gym or just everyday running errands, etc.  Fashionable.", "I bought these shoes to wear on my vacation to Europe. They are very comfortable and I wore them to walk around in all day. Not only are they comfortable, they're also super fun and sleek looking.", "I LOVE these!! So comfy and are really great for a cardio work-out. I took the advice of many reviewers, I usually wear a 6.5 but bought a 7 and they fit like a glove! They are tight enough that you feel sturdy but don't cut off your circulation. They look very unique and make running a comfortable experience. Definitely recommend.", "I love my shoes, they are very comfortable, you feel very secure when you are walking with them, they are not heavy and your feet does not suffer at all.", "This is the best shoe that i have ever bought. I have always battled with shin splits, sore legs during my cardio workouts, runs etc.This shoe has an amazing sole, great shock absorbing quality, and my knees don't hurt any more.It allows me to work out to my optimum, without any leg, knee, joint pain.Amazing product, ne4ver been happier.", "Have been looking for a great NIKE SHOCK shoe for a while.One without alot of splashy color but just enough. Love these!Great for anyone with shin pain or knee pain issues. I wear them daily 8-10 hours on concrete flooring and have no complaints!", "These shoes are awesome! My wife couldn't be happier with the purchase! The shoes fit as expected and the quality is great.", "If you are simply looking for comfort, this is the shoe for you.  However, if it is support  that you want I would advise against this shoe.  I wanted a shoe that would support my achy old feet.  They are comfortable and attractive for what they are..", "it was to small the packaging is great but the nike box was badly dammaged i would give the packaging a 1 sole place wont buy from them again", "I didn't know how comfortable these would be for my boyfriend, but he loves them!  Fit great and look great", "great pair of flip flops, comfortable on the feet with a good arch support, the don't hurt the toes by falling off the edge of shoe.", "I have bought many flip-flops and none have felt as comfortable and actually stayed on my feet as well as this one. I am very pleased with this purchase although it was a little pricey", "arrived on time, great purchase and good quality, totally recommend it to any one, it was a quick gift purchase and i am happy with my decision =)", "Nice fit very comfortable and will like more options with designs and sizes.will recommendthis item to any one who desires comfort", "These slippers are wonderful. I also bought the brown one. They feel so comfortable..also very durable..will last at least 1 year", "This are great. They are easy to walk in and a very comfortable. As you wear them, they will conform to your foot's shape.", "Thank you very much. I love the  sandles  I plan to order more . Do you have other colors ?", "I had a pair of these a few years ago and it lasted for 3 years - very happy with the quality and feel of these shoes. Only downside is that they are not very wide and on the longer side.", "Buy a new pair of these every yr. I got exactly what i expected. everything is goodI recommend this", "Is just that my husband wants, very confortable and pretty. look good! he love it! and he can run with them without bothering in his knees.", "It's hard to find a plain Nike these days so the Safari in black and purple is perfect for this. No fancy air bubbles or straps, just a classic runner from the 1980's (disclaimer: I was a kid of the '80s so might have a slight bias...). You hardly see the purple, just the orange stitched Safari logo on the tongue. Comfortable for walking but you could never actually run in them - a great fashion item, but we all know this. I'm thinking of buying a second pair so I can rotate them as corner shop / pub shoes for the next 8 years.", "Lookout for these on my feet at PNC Park. Clean and comfortable. I saw them on here, one pair left - my size. It was a no brainer. GO BUCS!", "Just the best and most comfy sneak I have had in a while.deivery came a day ahead of time :)Love them.And look great!", "like the classic waffle soles and the retro look. however, they seem to be a bit narrow on the hubby's feet.", "It is a really good looking shoe, looks like it is made from high quality stuff. I like the shoe.But it is ridiculously high, the picture does not do it justice how high this shoe goes. It engulfs your whole ankle and then some. Its closer to a boot then a sneaker, cant run in it if you should need to cuz theirs very little flexibility in the ankle.", "I love these shoes! They're very comfortable and look great, I've gotten many compliments on them. If you like the look of chucks you'll love these, they have the same style but with better support and cushioning. I have a job that require me to be standing and moving about for 8 to 9 hours at a time and by the end of the day in chucks my feet would be cramping and my back would be killing me. But with these I felt fine by the end, with some insoles they would probably be even better. I don't love the look of these with shorts, but they look great with pants. It's hard to recommend shoes because everyone has different feet length and width, but I have size 11.5 feet that are pretty wide and these fit perfectly", "The shoe fit a little bigger than I expected. I normal wear a men's 9.5 perfectly. This boot fit closer to a 10 than I had expected.", "Pleased with my kingman boots arriving, boots are so light weight that I didn't t think it was them, very pleased! Fit, look good and got what I paid for! Thx", "as an everyday casual shoe these do the job. I dont plan on hicking in them just being comfortable in the office.  If you have worn nikes before you know what to expect in the size and fit.", "Were the shoes my brother was waiting for. The size was correct. Fit as we expected. I think he loved them", "C&oacute;modos, resistentes, buen material y dise&ntilde;o. Por el precio que los compr&eacute; eran una de las mejores opciones, sin duda.", "Ok so the listed price for this shoe for the past couple days has been 69.99-7,190.00 no kidding. I know it's a typo but if I put the shoe in the cart, it shows the balance due as the 7,190.00.  I think some zeros need moved and the decimal point shifted to the left by two places!I did not buy these shoes nor do I own them.", "The shoes came quickly and in new condition. My son loves them for varsity play at school.If I were to buy again I would go with a darker color because as he sweats the shoe gets wet and in turn grossly dirty very quick. But the shoe itself aside this is great..", "These are great looking shoes and well worth the money.  My friends all comment on them and my brothers are jealous.", "The shoes fit as expected. Great shoes. They arent 6.0s but still look great. Worth every cent. But I want to order another pair.", "I bought 3 pairs of these shoes before I found some that fit.I should have tried on the first pair at the Nike outlet,but I've never had a problem with fit before with Nike.I wear a 10 and these were too small.I ordered the second pair on the internet,a 10 1/2.Still too small.I went back to the outlet store and ended up with a size 11.Two sizes larger than I wear.Try them on before you buy them.Other than that they are fine.", "I bought 6 pairs of shoes, 5 from an other brand and these ones wear like a glove. They said 27 cms (my feet length) and they where as expected. They said this nikes where also 27cms, but they didnt fit me, the are like 26cms.I won't buy never again nike.", "My son was thrilled with these Nikes. The size and fit were perfect. A very sharp looking pair sneakers. Good job.", "Good quality.  They look great.  Met all my son expectations. He was very pleased and wears them all the time.", "I really liked the product, its just like the picture, i got it on time with free return if i want to, you should most definitely buy from this seller.", "I really like these shoes. They're stylish, but they don't have enough padding for me. Walking around in these make my feet feel a little sore. The hi-top style gives good ankle support.Overall, these are very nice shoes, just a little uncomfortable.", "I bought these shoes for my 17 year old son.  His favorite color is red, and he LOVES these shoes!  They look great, and are very comfortable.  Big hit!", "These shoes were for my grandson as a gift and he loved the shoes. Nice to see his big smile.", "The shoe looks great and fits great. However, if your like me and buy a pair of shoes once every three or four years you will be disappointed with these. Today is 5/19/14 I order these on 3/12/14 and the return window closed on 4/15/14. When I put them on to go to the gym I noticed that the right shoe was completely FLAT. I now have a pair of two month old $180 shoes that I can't wear. They feel like im walking with a lift on one shoe and it is almost like I have a limp. I am very disappointed.", "I have owned 4 pairs of these shoes and this time they are tight. I am hoping they stretch out over time.", "These sneaker are one of the most comfortable sneakers I have every brought. I would highly recommend them. The color is great also cant go wrong.", "My 3rd pair of Air Max 360's and I've loved them all, though I think these are my favorite.  I put them on, then ran and biked in them that first day with no discomfort, or breaking in neccessary. I'm primarily going to use them as indoor treadmill and workout shoes, and am tempted to buy another pair for biking and outdoors!", "OK LETS JUST SAY THIS....I WEAR A SZ 8/WOMENS I HAVE NEVER IN ALL MY YEARS OF PURCHASING MY SHOES PAID THIS MUCH MONEY FOR A PAIR. THIS IS REDICULOUS TO HAVE TO PAY THIS MUCH FOR A PAIR OF NIKE. JORDANS AREN'T THAT HIGH AND AMAZON OR WHOMEVER THE SELLER MAY BE NEED TO COME DOWN ON THE PRICE AND MAYBE ILL CONSIDER ORDERING. UNTIL THEN, I WILL GO TO A WEBSITE THAT SELLS AIR JORDAN AND MAX'Z FOR UNDER $80", "We did not purchase this shoe from Amazon.com, but I want to share our experience with the shoes. My son (10 year old, who is not a runner) got the same pair as Xmas gift from a relative. He basically wore the shoes to school everyday.  We are very disappointed that the shoes only lasted three months. I did a math, 1 hour X 90 days = 90 hours.  That is FOUR days!! The air part of the shoes is very thin.  As soon as a thin layer is wore off, the air would pop.  Unlike the normal shoes which can continue to be used after a thin layer is wore down, Air Max is not wearable as sand/dirty would start getting into the bubble area and get trapped inside. We like Nike shoes very much and never expected Nike has such poor durability. It is a combination of design flaw and poor quality of material used for the bottom of the shoes! If I could give 0 star, I would.", "I absolutely love these! Thankfully I have another pair of the 2012s & ordered a half size smaller than I usually wear & could have possibly gone smaller. Great color! Love the 2012s!", "Bought for grand-daughter & she says the fit & look of them are great.Thanks, & have a blessed day", "Excellent price on air max  I really wanted black and red but these are black with bright orange stripe.  I still love them", "I bought these shoes for my nephews 10th birthday.  He is crazy about them.  The shoes arrived in a timely manner.  3 days.The condition of the shoes is perfect.  The Nike box did get a little beat up, but that probably happened in delivery.", "Product looks fine and I have looked a lot for it before finding it on Amazon.com. Delivery was ok and the product looked great when taking it out of the box. Too bad that was the only thing it was great with it... Initially the upper strap was pressing against the leg, making it almost impossible to walk. After some more adjustment (and resisting the urge of throwing them away) it was ok and I've been wearing them for couple of months. After that, while walking for a longer distance and sitting with them in the airplane during a pretty long flight, it became impossible to bear, squeezing the leg from all directions. Only a morning trying to walk with them and it ended up in a garbage bin, as soon a I've bought another pair of Nike.As being a Nike fan, I can easily say it is the worst Nike product I have ever spent money on! Main problems with it are the upper strap, which is not placed to make it comfortable but to look nice (which it does, by all means!) and the fact that the sole is very narrow, even for regular size as I am. As soon as your foot swells a little bit, it is squeezed from all directions. Too bad it looks so good...", "This is my second pair because I wanted a new pair for my marathon coming up in 2 months. Great support for my foot and they look awesome. I get alot of compliments on this pair and the orange.", "I love these shoes, they came when they said and they have a lot of padding. Feels like I am running on gummy bears! They are lightweight and fit perfect.", "I took years away from Nike and ran Asics. Now that Asics has moved into bright graphics, I had to reconsider my position on Nike (or Adidas). Based on these customer reviews, I bought this shoe and ran it. It was perfect on the first run & I expect to run the LunarGlide+ 4(5,6,7..) line for a long time!", "my first pair i bought in nike town Chicago on a whim.  liked the shoe so much I decided to buy my second pair (sku , size, color, width, etc) of the same shoe online.they look different in slightly blemished with the colors of the sole (which is okay) but the elastic holding the tongue of the shoe feels drastically different (not as stretchable and feels like a plastic/spandex/polyester hybrid.  just changed the feel of the lunar glides.  however- product itself is great- just a skeptical of this particular pair i received.", "Good and Confortable. No problems with the Nike Lunarglide+ 4. It`s a good choice for amateur runners. Lunarlon is good.", "I read the reviews before purchasing and they were very helpful. So I was able to get the correct size for me (they run a size smaller than normal) and they feel great. I highly recommend them.", "the product was as described and fits great. Comfy and this is the second pair I got.  I hope this help", "Good morning, I meet through this medium to inform you that is not satisfied with the product, because the third time you use them for running, is the sole began to take off, and I had to take to repair. suggest you have a better quality control of your goods. thank you very much", "Great, soft, comfy...great Buy. Recommend it and bought another pair i a different color...Go ahead an buy this shoes!! You wont regret it", "LO RECOMIENDO 1L 100 % ZAPATOS EN BUEN ESTADO Y MUY BIEN EMPACADOS P E R F E C T O", "The new Nike was as always received on time, Amazon have proved through the years to be quite accurate in the delivery schedules they give. The new nike is what I ordered exactly, fits perfect an excellent quality running shoe this is my forth LunarGlide Nike. Since I got my first one I have not liked using anything else.", "These are the lightest, most comfortable running/sport sneaker Nike or anyone else has ever provided. Good looking and functional. Never want to take them off!", "My heel pain is sometimes bothersome, but these shoes are so cushiony it eases the pain.  Nothing works for severe pain, but these are the best.  Although expensive, I bought 3 pairs in different colors and wear them daily to work.", "They are awesome for running on the streets. pretty confotable and fit just as expected. I would buy them again if i had to.I will be posting again any time soon IF something wrong happen to them.", "These shoes provide me with the best support and cushioning of all of the Nike running shoes I have owned.", "Ok, let's get the annoyance out of the way.  Everyone complains about the difference of the tongue on this shoe.  I have to say that I don't notice it one bit and do enjoy the soft and well cushioned tongue on this shoe over the light weight one that annoys my foot in my LunarMtrl racer.  It's a different shoe, so expect it to wear and feel different.I bought an 11 in the LunarMtrl but in this one I bought a 10 1/2 because I felt I needed to start moving to that exact fit.  Not going to grow anymore, I don't think!  The feel is great, the insoles come out and make it easy to wash down the road.  I've logged about 45 miles since I got this shoe and it's holding up well and you can tell the difference in support and also light weight feel too.  The shoe really does grip your foot, and the tread on the shoe makes it really easy to adjust your stride as it flexes with your foot very well.  I know I struggle with this and it has helped my stride and comfort on street and on the treadmill.  The picture doesn't do the shoe justice, as it is much darker in person than on the screen but to be honest it looks nice.  This shoe is also a very breathable shoe, and my feet stay cool in it with the mesh netting on the sides and the breathable lining along all sides.As with all shoes, each pair fits different but this one does not disappoint!  I haven't been a Nike fanboy for a long time, but lately they are winning me back.  Have this and another pair in my rotation now.", "After getting denied the first time trying to buy these shoes finally found someone else who had a listing and couldn't be happier. Shoes are very light and the the colors are perfect match for my Seahawks. A little snug when you first put them on but your foot quickly works into the right spot. Very comfortable for any kind of activity from lounging around to running. I couldn't be any happier with the purchase. Might even get a second pair in another color.", "I am not a hard core runner but love being active. I primary ride road bikes. I picked these up for triathlon training (I will also be using these for races) and love them. I run from 2-4 miles each run and average about 6 miles a week. They feel amazing. In fact they don't really feel much at all, I guess that's the point of such a light shoe.The color is definitely me but can be too much, and others have referred to them as very loud. :) no problem with me. They keep cars from running me over:)Bottom line: recommended to friends without hesitation.", "This probably won't get published. The product is extremely comfortable and I have received many favorable comments about the product. The Nike Free run shoes are $79.99 with free shipping from Dick's Sporting Goods. In store or on line...same price. I am finding that Amazon doesn't always have the best price and it is important to be a prudent shopper and compare prices.", "my boy loves these shoes.  He runs long distance for the school track team.He feels they are light weight and very well built.  He loves the feel", "They fit and feel great, but the yellow is to bright. I returned them for a different color. I love nike free run shoes.", "I ordered a pair and tested and trained in them for a 4 mile race.They are comfortable for a every day jog, and for every day walking.The are too heavy to be a race shoe. The added weight of the cushioning reduces your speed over time.I read other reviews and had hoped it would be a good running/ race shoe.", "Best shoe for a heavier runner ,especially if your putting your custom inserts into them . I like the color ,something different in the 7.This shoe is well over $100 at any shoe store. More fore-foot cushioning than the Pegasus .", "These are the 4th generation I've worn, same great cushioning, fit and now an awesome bright color. I'll continue to buy Vomero's as long as they are this good.", "this partuicular pair has a lil more support in the left shoe then the right so it's not my favorite pair but still very comfortable.", "This is the 4th pair of Vomero's I've owned. Great fit, great cushion, great durability. I usually get 300-400 miles out of a pair. Sometimes more.Note that these are not a minimalist shoe. If you prefer a &#34;barefoot&#34; style or a zero drop shoe, this is not it. However, I have avoided injury for years using this shoe and utilizing a run/walk philosophy when doing training runs.", "Hubby ordered these because he loves these shoes BUT Nike likes to suck you in and then discontinue. He's happy FOR NOW", "Hi,Sneaker is ultra-light weight, yet durable. Bottom is smooth so be careful on wet/smooth surfaces, but great for gym and treadmills and general purpose. Sneaker is open air and promotes air exchange inside sneaker foot cockpit. I have got so many compliments on this  sneaker that I bought a second pair today. First pair over 2 years old and still look great and function accordingly.", "I love it! It fits well and has a classic deign to it. I am attracted the first time i saw it.", "Great for long distance running. Very comfortable shoes and has a nice support to your feet. Nice Color too. .", "My son wanted something from Nike that was stylish and durable. These sneakers are everything and that. They are well worth the money!", "The product arrived on time and fits nicely as expected. The color and size were respected and I am very satisfied with the purchase.", "Great show, that fits great! I received what I expected and really enjoy wearing the new shoes. They are comfortable, and durable.", "Good choice. I love it. But no color choices availabe. I love its design. A good for long walking distance.", "awesome product, would take another one.I wear it everywhere, outside, running, at home and while sleeping :)Recommended by me", "I have had this pair of Nike Air Pegasus for a week now. These are very good looking shoes that are comfortable and have a great fit. I use them for going to class and running errands around town. This is my second pair I have bought in the past 4 months the first pair I use for running. They are great shoes for whatever you want to do.", "Ready to walkExcelent choose...!!! Excelent service!!! Recommend this shoe and service by all means...Thank you!Had one alike last time and this are even better.", "Bought my first pair in 2006. Just now getting a new pair. Very comfortable from day one. This shoe saved my vacation in 2006 when we were at Disney World. Had bought new shoes for the trip and the first day my feet were killing me. We went to Downtown Disney,and bought my first pair of Nike Pegasus. It was like walking on a cloud. I was able to keep up with &#34;all&#34; the walking at Disney with my family. This shoe saved my vacation for sure.", "The Nike Pegasus is the best running shoe on the market hands down.  The neutral rid makes for a comfortable run.  The shipping was very fast and the price was reasonable.", "This is my 5th straight pair of Nike Pegasus (owned 2 pairs each of the Pegasus 27 & 28).  In my opinion, there is no better shoe for folks with a high arch who need a cushioning shoe.  With that all being said I still wanted to make sure about my purchase so I went to the Nike Factory store and tried 6 different neutral/cushioning shoes.  The only shoes I thought would cut it were the Nike Pegasus 29 and the Nike Icarus.  I went with the Pegasus because they had a great fit, felt very light on my feet, and seemed to have enough cushioning for support. The Nike Icarus shoes had a lot of cushioning, but felt a slightly heavier to me.  If you need extra cushioning that might be the shoe for you.Anyway, I have ran on the Pegasus 29 twice for 3-4 miles each time and they feel a little lighter than my Pegasus 27s/28s and were more breathable as well.As far as color, mine are white with a black swoosh and a red sole.  The Nike Factory store also had this bright yellow/white and a bright blue with with neon red (almost pink).", "I've owned many Nike Pegasus and these are a great shoe for a great price.  They seem to be a little small compared to past Pegasus.  I moved up to 8.5 from 8 for this pair.  I am a casual runner at about 7 or 8 miles a week.I nicked them a star because getting the shoe in the color you want seems to be difficult.  I don't mind the bizarre colors in a race, but when I retire the shoes to casual wear I want something less &#34;bold.&#34;  The black/volt was the best I could do.", "The shoes are comfortable but I give 4 stars because runTOO BIG , come on time and look like in the picture but you needto buy one size less the normal you wear ...", "I will give it to Nike. I was researching shoes for a good Neutral-Slight Underpronater model, and the Pegasus definitely fit the bill. They are incredibly comfortable, lightweight, provide for a soft landing, and are cushioned enough to allow for the natural gait process to comfortably complete for me. I slightly underpronate, so this is extremely important.(Prior shoes: Nike Air Moto Max 5+)", "I get shin splints and other pains in my legs often and did extensive research on running shoes to avoid these injuries as much as possible.  Everything I looked up suggested the Nike Pegasus.  It was the exact amount of cushion, protection, and mobility I was looking for and helps prevent injuries.Fantastic running shoe!", "I tried these shoes on at the Nike Outlet store, I tried on an 8.5 but I needed a size 8 (which the outlet did not have). I came home and searched online for the same style/color and found these shoes on amazon.com. The outlet charged $56.99 and Amazon charged about double that. I bought them anyways because I wanted the shoes so badly. So maybe the fact that I paid double what the Nike Outlet charged says something about these shoes, especially since I try to by things as cheaply as possible. I don't regret paying more because these shoes are so comfortable and lightweight and the color has just the right amount of &#34;pop&#34; of color.", "Either way, this shoe is pretty incredible for running.  The weight is minimal, the comfort is pillow soft, the durability is high and the color is...well...you'll see me coming, let's just say that.  Nike shoes in general tend to be pretty true to their size or on the narrow side.  I tend to go with a wide shoe but didn't have to with this particular model.  My previous pair is still actively used for running and it's been almost two year and over 200 miles.  When it comes to comfort the individual has to decide to I definitely recommend to  try some on in person before you buy.  As long as this model shoe exists I'll purchase it for running.", "Good cushioning and durability for underpronators. Light and stable and looks good even after many miles. Easy choice to order online if you know what size you need.", "I've been buying Nike Pegasus for several years, mostly because they fit great.  Also they are suited to almost any kind of sport.  I have to say that the colors are getting wilder all the time, but maybe that says more about me than the shoes.  I recommend these most highly.", "I was real pleased that the size was right on. Back in the 1980s the size bounced around a little bit. As a 180 pound, mid foot striker this is still a good shoe for me. Recently I tried to increase my mileage and ran into a variety of minor injuries. My running shoes were old so I knew it was time to replace them. Then I remembered that I had relatively few foot and muscle injuries when using the Pegasus. To my surprise they were still available. I have run in them for only a week but so far it has been a nice light and stable upgrade. There are cheaper shoes available but they just do not work as well for me.", "Very few things in life live up to our expectations.  This shoe was everything I was hoping it would be.", "Good comfortable running shoes. Had a pair of older Pegasus and i love these series. I have a small bone that forms a bump on the top of my foot so most shoes hurts me like the Freeruns but the Pegasus are comfortable. These are not waterproof as i expected them to be though. Wore these during a rainy day and felt my socks getting a little wet at the end of the day. Took off my shoes and felt the inside and the mesh area where your toes are was wet from the inside. Other than that great shoes.Pros:+ Comfortable+ LightCons:- Not waterproof", "This shoe is light, feels great on my feet and I wear them ONLY when I run..looks real good, too....", "These shoes fit as expected and are really comfortable. I will be ordering a second pair when these wear out.", "Excelente!! Se los regale a mi novio y son super comodos para caminar, hacer ejercicios, son  muy llamativos y super chevere,", "Great All-Around Bag! Just the right size for everyday commuting and weekend workouts. Plenty of room for iPads, laptops, books and anything else you need to carry around.", "These shoes are awesome.  The are very comfortable and I've gotten lots of compliments on them.  I will be looking to buy at least another pairin different colors.", "I got this same exact shoe today for $34 dollars. Sports Authority knocked off the price as they had to move them fast to get 2013 models in. you're throwing away over $100 if you buy off the net. Not sure how long they'll be left in stock though.", "these shoes glow even in the daytime, everyone has a comment when I wear them. Hard to keep clean though", "Very good brand, good product, each sports lovers will fall in love with this brand, really good, ohVery good brand, good product, each sports lovers will fall in love with this brand, really good, oh", "It is so hard to fins shoes for my boyfriend who wears a size 15. These fit perfect, and he says they are super comfy!", "awesome shoes! if you go to the store and look for this shoes you would not find them, that is the advantage of buying this kind of item online", "My 15 year old loves these....too bad they got stolen out of his gym locker, so we bought another pair as well!", "I bought this shoe sight-unseen because I had a (later year's version?) of the same shoe. My old shoe was basically perfect, in fact I am still wearing it. This shoe is also very good, but the fit is somehow much stiffer, and the shoe has a little more stability than I expected/wanted. So while it is a great shoe in its own right, I was expecting something else.Well, I can't exactly rate the shoe low just because it failed to adhere to my incorrect expectations. Nike Flex shoes are all very good, well-balanced shoes for general training. I've been running for 25 years, so I might be a little too picky. For &#34;the average person&#34; these shoes are a GREAT buy. This is something you can be happy with, without giving it too much thought. This is just a great all-around running shoe for the average person who doesn't need anything special about their shoes (i.e. this shoe is not a stability shoe or a trail runner or etc. etc.)The one thing I will say is that the material on the sole of the shoe was not built for trail running, high mileage, or etc. You might find it wearing out sooner than other shoes. But the good fit and low price should compensate for that. Good shoe.", "Exactly as advertised. Shipped properly and timely. Fit my daughter perfectly, size consistent with standard. Good looking sneakers as well", "Very good tennis, allowed me to easily rest my feet when making my actidades like hard work or sport. Good material that I'm sure will last me for quite some time, plus a good presentation that make me go well.", "One of the few shoes I have ever worn receiving compliments on. These shoes stand out in a settle way without being tacky. The feel is surprisingly firm for the giant air cushion but that bodes well for cross training shoes. I squat over 400lbs with these on without any compromised balance making each rep feel more secure than when performed in other shoes. Never had I realized shoes can make a difference performing squats until I bought these. The only downside is that these shoes are not as breathable as they appear, so you may want to take advantage of some antimicrobial product to keep your feet funk free.", "Great workout tee for anyone who hates walking out of the gym covered in sweat, even though I got grey! True to size, have purchased more since. Great product. Item arrived promptly and as described, would do business with again.", "Black one was not as pictured, and I was a little unhappy about that. The Nike logo is black, not the white/light grey in the picture. Other than that, good fit and price.", "Love these. They're comfortable and look so cute. Love the color also very nice for running and when I'm doing my excersise at the gym. I recommend these cute sneakers.", "robust built, cute color and true to photo here, normally I wear size 7 Nike and order a 7 for this one, fit perfectly. Cushion and support feel good as you slip into the shoes. love them!", "I bought my original pair from Nike in August 2012. I am an avid runner. These shoes are the best running shoes I've had in awhile. I decided I wanted to buy a second pair for when the first wore out.The only thing I'm unhappy about is the price. My first pair from nike.com was on clearance because they were an older version. The same exact pair on amazon 8ish months later, was twice the price, which is ridiculous. Otherwise, I would give them 5 stars.", "Very comfortabe and stylish! I got these for my daughter and she loves them! I would definitely recommend them! Great walking shoe!", "I own two pairs in two different colors! My favorite running shoes!! So lightweight and comfortable and love the bright colors!!", "These are GREAT running shoes. The color blue is good. I wear them everyday, and actually as I sit here, Im wearing them now. I always get complements on them. They go with everything too.", "I love the Nike Lunar line.  They are just awesome.  The only problem is you have to either replace or add to the insole.  Their insoles are like paper.  No foot support.  These shoe are just for looks.  They last for about six months of regular wear.  Dirty easily but easy to clean.", "Great cross trainer or runner, love the comfort and lightweight aspects of this nike model. I recommend if you train often & need a comfy shoe that also has support & stability", "I took a chance in ordering this shoe, I normally wear ASCICS Gel Nimbus and I have wore them for YEARS.  I love the support this shoe gives to my arches and sides of my feet.  I purchased these because I work on my feet all day and walk (a lot) over mulch, rocks, gravel, and cement and I've found a great running shoe works the best for the conditions I work in.  These shoes are doing great!! I would recommend these to anyone.", "Nike has done it again - My wife has been in lunarglides for um.... three or four years? She's had every model and when she put these on she started running around because she was so excited.These kicks are great. She's done a few seven mile runs (And some shorter ones as well) in them as well as a few classes (zumba and kickboxing at the YMCA). She loves them. If you're a fan of Nike at all, this pair is worth your purchase. If you've been a fan of LunarGlides in the past -- don't hesitate.Sweet :) Thanks for reading.", "I am preparing for my first 5k these shoes were recommended.  They made such a difference the first time I trained in them.  These are better than expected I will purchase another pair. Nike is all that I have purchased in the past so I trusted the recommendation.", "Sneakers look great feel great but was overcharged.  Paid $20 more from what the tag said inside the box. Misleading", "really love this shoes, it looks really cool and is very comfortable to wear them! I want to work out as soon as i put them on :)", "They r very comfortable. But I gave four stars cause they look black but they r navy blue in the light", "I have tried several running shoes but I always go back to Nike Air Pegasus, I typically buy this brand twice a year and alternately wear each run. This seller gets A+++, fast shipping, sent notification, well packaged so I really appreciate that, thank you!", "DO NOT BUY this Nike shoe.  I bought these because the were rated as a cushioned shoe. I have bought air Pegasus previously and love my Air Pegasus 28. After wearing the 29's for a few weeks my heel began to hurt accompanied with leg pain.  When I pulled out the insole and checked,  the heel is hard as cement, with no cushion at all!!  After calling Nike customer service, they refused to do anything.  As a result I will never buy the Nike brand again.", "Nike fits my feet. These are not as study as the previous year's models, so they are not as good for long distance. Having said that, I did complete a 20+ mile training run a couple days ago and they weren't bad-they just won't last.", "it's nice and normal, giving support. The only down side is that it's a little too heavy. I actually much prefer flynit.", "I like the quality. Simple and direct for running. It is very comfortable and light.Nike please, continue producing Pegasus.", "The shoe runs true to size.  However I don't like the support in the heels. Why does Nike keeping changing the name / model of their shoes?!", "This shoe did not fit as I expected. I consider myself a true 7.5, but with socks, this felt like a 7.0. First time I've ever purchased a NIKE that runs small. Returned them for a refund. Love the style and color!", "Got here fast in great shape, my daughter loves, them and been wearing them since they got here, holding up well.", "I gave this nike shoe 4 stars because nike actually discontinued making the shoes I originally wanted to purchase.... But these are pretty comfy...", "After my dog chewed on her old pair, I purchased these to replace the old. She tried them on when she got them and went out for a quick run and loves them. True to size.", "These shoes are stylish and great. No problems. They held their shape for a long time. I'd buy them over and over", "I have gotten this shoe before and will more likely get them again.  I wear them at work and my feet feel good.", "I love Nike products.  Shipping overseas was great, got the product in two weeks!!! I am so happy with the product.  Such a comfortable running shoe, I recommend for any woman needing something cushiony and comfortable to run in.", "If you have wide feet and love to run then these are the shoes for you!  I have 4 pairs of them and they are the BEST!  I run/workout 6 days a week and so I put these things through the wringer and they come out great.  I would HIGHLY recommend them if you have wide feet because the toe box on these shoes is nice and roomy.  I tried the +30 but they changed them and made the toe box more narrow and so they don't fit me but these fit no matter what color I order, and I can run in them right out of the box!  They are very well cushioned and so if you want a cushioned ride then these are for you too!  I usually try on 20 - 50 pairs of shoes (and that's NOT a joke) in the stores before I find ones that fit my feet well and so that's why I own so many pairs of these.  GET these SHOES!  You won't regret it!", "I choose these for color comfort and style, Love them so does all the women at my job that feel great and i recommend this  company to friends family and coworkers looking for comfort and style. Great price too!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "These are great shoes, and I love the color.  I get many compliments on them, and they are very light weight.  I originally gave the seller a lower rating because I did not know that the pricing was in GBP terms rather than US dollars, and thought I had been charged an incorrect price, but then was notified on the correct information regarding the price.  The company in UK seems to be a very good company and the shoes  were delivered ahead of the scheduled time.  I would purchase from them again.", "l loved my new shoes and comfortable using for a long walk. The style and the color were so awesome!!!!", "Does not fit like other Nike shoes (shorter from heel to toe). Poor arch support. Poor overall foot support in front area of shoe.", "I'm a Nike Fan, espeically the Air Max line.  They support my high arches and work better than any other shoe I've tried using while working in a warehouse.", "I read about the shoes and loved the recomendation, so i decided to order a pair. The shoes arrived sooner than I expected and they fitt exactly. I recomended all my best freinds to order the same.", "I bought Nike Pegasus 29 for my daughter over a year ago for Christmas (from a different site).  We usually wear the same size and since I have a hard time finding a comfortable sneaker I decided to try hers and thought they were really &#34;cushy&#34; but decided to go up a half size (hers are 7 1/2, I ordered an 8) just because it felt a little short for my big toe.  The 8 didn't really seem to make much difference in these, even wearing a thin sock and I'd swear they just don't have the same &#34;cush&#34; in the ball area as hers but she said maybe they just need to be broken in?  We'll see, I hope I didn't pay over $100 for shoes that are going to end up hurting my feet like the cheaper ones. I just wonder if these are &#34;seconds&#34;??  Otherwise look as pictured.  Use for walking dog/gym.", "I have to order these on line these days in order to avoid the neon bright running shoes in all the stores. I'm way too old to have such attention called to me and my feet! I'm on my third pair of these Nike Air Pegasus+.", "The seller was great - I received it perfectly in the correct time frame. However the shoe is listed as &#34;OBSIDIAN/BLACK/MDM VLT MDM VLT&#34;  - it is more blue/purple than anything black. Just so you know.", "I have been wearing this same brand and type of shoes for several years and they have served me very well.  I walk 25 miles per week and they last about 6  months before the soles wear down so much that I need a new pair. They fit well, are very well cushioned and I recommend them for anyone who is a supinator like I am. I used to jog in them but now that I am almost 80, my knees and hips complain if I run or jog.", "MY WIFE LOVE IT, VERY FINE, ITS CORRECT, PERFECT, I RECOMMENDED, THE SIZE AND THE QUQLITY IS CORRECT, VERY GOOD", "Love the shoes but they run smaller than other Nike's that I own, so order 1/2 size larger, and they do not have the size I need", "I had been having such trouble finding running shoes... I went to a Nike store thinking I needed wide shoes, but the salesman told me I was using the wrong shoes.  He suggested the Pegasus style.  Ever since I've been buying these, true to size, for my running and walking.  I feel like my feet can breathe and I don't get the little numb/tingly feeling in my toes anymore.  I'd highly recommend them.", "So glad you can get previous models! These are just the best running shoes, my 3rd pair and ran a half marathon in them the day after I got them.", "I love these shoes and wish they had more in my size!  I don't like the newer versions as much as these! They fit SOO well and my feet can breathe!  Highly recommend...but be aware, I have a wide foot so if you are narrow may not fit as well.", "This is my second identical pair of Nike air pegasus +29. For me, air pegasus is the best. Everybody needs to find the right athletic shoe for them selves.", "I have worn this style before.  I knew it would be comfortable for a walking shoe.  I could not find the appropriate size and color locally, so I ordered from Amazon.", "I have had many pairs of these exact sneakers. When they are on sale i buy them.They are very comfortable if you are a Nike sneaker wearer. I use them for the gym, walk/running in the park.I am a size 8 1/2 and in Nike i always order size 9", "Wasn't to sure about ordering shoes online as different brands fit me different, but these shoes fit perfect. They are comfortable and lightweight. I would defintely buy another pair.", "I order these shoes because I started to walk recently as a way of exercise and relaxation.  The shoes fit as expected.  They are comfortable and make my feet feel good even after long walks", "This shoes are great. So comfortable.  Love the color and they are great for working out or just running errands.", "These shoes are comfortable and so far, so good as for trail use. Frankly, I haven't done a lot of outdoor running as it's too hot right now....", "I have feet that are always sore but I love these shoes not one day of sore feet. I have worn them for the past 3 months and still my feet do not hurt.", "These are the best shoes I've ever bought. I've owned multiple pairs of shox, these are definitely my favorite. Has a very thin tongue instead of a bulky plush one.", "Love the shoes, they're great! Very comfortable and flexible.  I am very happy with them and glad I made the purchase!", "I wore these all over London and Ireland when not wearing hiking books. Most comfortable sneakers I've ever owned. Very happy!", "i just recently started cross-fit and needed shoes that would allow me comfort to run. the soles are super comfy and the mesh material allows breathing so your feet dont sweat. i have wider feet and these shoes fit perfectly since day one. i love them so much i started wearing them to work. so comfortable! especially if you stand all day. best workout shoe ever.", "I was looking for some comfortable new shoes to workout in because my old shoes were not giving my feet and back the support I needed. I purchased these shoes after going to a different website and finding wonderful reviews about the comfort and fit of these shoes.  These shoes are incredible. They are so lightweight that I don't feel like I am wearing any shoes.  They are extremely comfortable and give my feet and back the support they need. I no longer have problems after a long workout. I ordered a half size bigger based on other reviewers saying the shoes ran about a half size small, and I am glad I did - perfect fit.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a comfortable pair of running/workout shoes.  As an added bonus, I get a lot of compliments on the color.", "this hunted very good for running and walking I recommend it to all very high quality confiafle and hope this can serve others interezadas on this product.", "I love this product. Came on time and the packing was okay. I love the color although some pictures are off, but the actual color is the brighter pink with real like in description. Very very happy!", "Shoes came right on time feels great love love love them in the gym...the color was much brighter than picture...but besides that great shoes", "I bought these shoes for my wife they came quickly and just as expected for a lot less than local retailers.", "I work on my feet all day and this shoe is perfect for being on ur feet all day. :)", "These shoes are really comfortable and run true to size. They are cute and lightweight. I love wearing them everyday!", "I love Nikes for exercise shoes, so know that.  I got these because I wore my last pair in the absolute ground.  I know that the &#34;less is more&#34; movement in running is hot.  See barefoot running, etc.  However, I am a curvy girl with an unstable knee.  It occurred to me that a more stable shoe might help.  Very true. I have seen the other reviews that the shoe did not have room in the toe box. I always get my running shoes a half size larger as is recommended.  I actually have a little extra room.  They are not cramped across the ball of my foot or toes.  The heel is really soft and a little sock like around my ankle.  Very lovely.  I didn't have to break them in at all.Now, word of caution...the shoes sold here are identified by style and not by year for the most part.  So, I can't guarantee that when you find my review, or anyones, it will talking about exactly the shoe you're looking at.I got a reasonable price, super fast shipping, and a great shoe.", "I run three to four times a week 3-8 miles each time. My last pair of shoes was the vomero 6. I will be shopping for another pair of those. The toe box has more room and this dual fusion shoe is much more narrow.", "Bought these for walking and really love them. We walk a lot up to four miles and my feet love them.", "I generally run 3-4 miles a day, 5 xs per week.  This sneaker is beautiful, however, is narrow in the toes, causing blisters in-between my toes.", "I have several different styles and colors of Nike's. The dial fusion are my all purpose favorites. They have great support,hold up well, are cute and a great everyday shoe.I have purchased them from several Amazon vendors. This vendor was great. I bought two pair and they came right on time.", "I have this in black-silver-berry metalic, and now this color.  Have had the original pair for well over a year, and still am wearing it almost daily.  Very comfortable and stylish.", "Great fit, comfy... Good for work, able to be on my feet for duration of my work day.. Highly recommend.....", "I am not using for running but great all- around shoes.  They mesh is very breathable... which is great but whenit's cold out there is little insulation or protection from the cold.", "I love neons and these shoes are amazing!! They fit just like all my other Nike's do and they are super comfy!", "I love my new shoes! They're very comfortable & stylish! Shipping was fast :) Will buy again & I would recommend to all my friends!", "The shoe was beautiful and arrived earlier than expected. However, I have been running for over 5 years and would not recommend this shoe. Its support was off, and after 2 miles I felt pain on places I have never felt before. And since I wore them once, I couldn't return them. I gave three stars though because this situation might be unique to me, but I am warning people who are looking for a good running shoe... This is not one.", "I love these shoes! I love them so much, I have three different colored pairs of them! They are really comfortable. Because of the mesh, there is a minimal breaking in period.", "I can not give an opinion of this product because I never came. something happened during the transfer of product, the company claims that transport the suitcase was broken", "These shoes are great!  Fit perfectly & are so comfortable.  Wish I would had purchased 2 pairs.  Now I can't find them anywhere :(", "Very comfortable and they are a really nice running sneaker. They are simple looking are very light. Awesome price and love the look.", "I use these primarily for running both Urban and Rural Terrain. They have held up well so far, and have very good grips which is mostly what I was looking for in a shoe. The soles are strong enough to allow for tight turning and good agility based movements such as in Ultimate Frisbee (which is what I like to use them for).When I first wore them, there was a sharp piece of plastic in the heel of one of the shoes that caused cutting and nearly bleeding on one heel after only a few hours of use. I was tempted to send them back immediately but waited until I had broken them in more. The plastic is now more shaped to my foot and does not cause discomfort.This is the first pair of Nike shoes I have ever purchased (normally I purchase Asics, and Newbalance). They run about a half-size smaller than the universal foot measurement system says. I Measured my foot using the apparatus from the shoe store, and purchased accordingly, however, unlike my usual 10 1/2's I buy from Asics and Newbalance, I should have purchased an 11. Other than being slightly too tight. These shoes are a good buy.  I got them on sale for $40.", "Got this pair at Marshalls for half price and I love them. Fits perfectly, a little bit slimmer on the wide but true to the size. Would recommend", "Was looking for this shoe for awhile. Shoe is exactly what I wanted. Fits great and really liked the color.Color is a dark navy.", "Great shoes for playing basketball in. I would recommend wearing thick socks as you get blisters in the side of your foot. I wore a thin pair of running sucks while playing and the blisters were killing me! Other than that, it looks really good! I get a lot of compliments.", "I'm used to wearing skate shoes, so my feet have become flat over the years. When I first wore these Nike Shox, i thought there was something wrong with them, because my feet felt like they were being pushed up in wrong places, but within a few days my foot formed to the shoe and over time has actually benefited me greatly.I walk with more precision, and I know it sounds silly, but it almost feels like I have a more planted foot with every step I take.Running in these shoes are AMAZING, oh man what a difference between skate shoes and these. I feel like running sometimes just because these shoes absorb impact so freaking well.I even ride my longboard better in these shoes believe it or not, probably because I am more planted and my center of gravity is directed more efficiently on my foot, even with only one foot on the board.I've had them for several months now, and I wear them to work every day (M-F).I had to get Dr. Scholls insoles for my skate shoes because they are just too darn flat now.The shoes start to squeak the dustier/drier they get, but I've read that a some lotion or moisturizer would help fix that, have yet to try it.", "This showed up at my door faster than the items I ordered direct from Amazon!  Ordered these for my husband and he loves them!  They were comfy and quite attractive!  Not a running shoe by any means but a great looking everyday shoe for sure!", "Shipped on time and very comfortable, light weight boots for all weather. Will buy another pair in a different color.", "what else can you say, it is nike after all, good running shoes but just a littler heavy than my last Shox but overall it is a really nice shoes", "I've had this shoes for about 6 months now and a couple of things to note:--This is a tight-fit and thank-you to the review I read that mentioned this because I bought a 9 to compensate and it fits like a dream.  Over the months I've starting wearing them in and they get more and more comfortable as I go.--Originally, the tongue of the shoe, with how straight and stiff it is, was digging into the front of my ankle and causing a sore.  I actually thought I was going to have to cut it.  I decided against this though as the shoe is just too pretty to be altered with scissors, and I'm glad I didn't, because it doesn't present this problem anymore.I am [still] pumped about these shoes!  They are very sharp looking and I am definitely happy with the purchase.  Shox are so hard to find these days, especially the Delivers, which is why I ultimately settled on these.", "I bought this shoe for my daughter that plays competitive volleyball.  She needed a light indoor shoe that handled quick turns, stopping well and  also light for jumping.  This shoe really met her needs.The shoe is stiff and required some break in time.", "I'm glad I found this when I did it was only $26 which is a great deal for any dri fit shirt. Especially a nike one", "these have some kind of wire mesh that is made to let your feet breathe easier but it just rips way to easy, not even the part that is sewn to the other fabric, whatever materiel it is just rips in half", "ordered width size 4E and in comparison to my other shoes(which are the same width size) they feel tight .", "My boyfriend loved it, it's simple and casual to wear daily and very comfortable he says. Wears it everywhere :)", "The transaction through Amazon was very positive but the shoes were a little tight around both arches. By the time I tried them it was too late to return.", "Quality, fit, color, delivery...everything about them is perfect.  I love the color...not too outrageous with pants on, but still fun and stylish.  Great sneaks...fits as expected.", "Perfect!!Exactly what I was waiting for!!I use this for boxing trainingThe color is perfect and look great!", "As the title says, I like the appearance of these shoes. I knocked it down 1 star because of the upkeep needed to keep that white base clean. I suppose that's inevitable, though. I think these could be termed vanity shoes for older guys like me. Next time, though, I'll get a black base...maybe shiny, though. :-)", "Super comfortable.  I'm a bartender and I'm on my get for ten hours a day.  Usually my feet would be barking by midnight, not with these sneakers.", "the size was supposed to be a 4E  wide , no way it  could be, I bought a similar pair Nike Pegasus 29 at an  outlet storethat fit perfect, never will buy shoes online again, its a shame,, it is a nice shoe, the chinese just cant get sizes correct", "This was a gift for my son.  He is happy with the fit.  Would purchase again, this was a good buy.", "Grandson is a growing 14 year old and these fit the bill perfectly. He enjoys them and wears them to school and P.E. daily.", "These were a replacement for some older Nikes and these were perfect.  They fit great and are very comfortable.  The item was also shipped in a timely matter.", "Nice lightweight shoe, however as a everyday shoe it started to break down after 3 months. Problem was in the netting material, netting ripped on both sides, another 3 months my toes ripped the top netting.", "I have to say best running and walking shoe I ever bought from Nike, it about time Nike came out with something dualable and something that will last long time, also so comfortable too.", "I use it for go out with my friends and go to University, This color combines with all types of clothes. They look durable and they are durable! Excellent for use it every day.I love it!", "I really enjoy the look and feel of these shoes. I am not much of a runner but so far they have been everything I want. They also work very well as casual shoes because of their simple and clean look. I would suggest these to anyone who is looking for a nicely priced gym or light running shoe. They may be a bit too bulky for anything more than a 5k. I am not into all the colors and styles these days so the best part for me is just the simplicity of the design.", "They fit me well, size 12D is a medium width. I prefer the plain black and white color to the bright stuff these days, wild stuff for an old guy.", "I actually worked out in these shoes the first time I put them on and they fit perfectly. Usually I have to break shoes in before running in them but these were good from day one", "This product was excellent, is made of good material and are very comfortable, it is just what I needed, thanks", "I wear these colors a lot so it was great to find them for such a great price lucky me", "love the shoes, but the wrong size was sent  :(  my husband wears them though. nice looking shoe and supportive for coaching.", "Bought for my son & he said even more comfortable than his more expensive shoes.  We were very satisfied with our choice.", "I was very happy with the purchase of my Nike's Dart Running Shoes. They were delivered 4 days prior to the expected delivery date, and fit just right! And the price was right in line with what I expected to pay. Overall I am a very pleased customer.", "Hard to find size for my son. I searched for a long time in stores and online! Worked out great!", "Fit perfect. Bought them as a present for my husband and he really likes them, won't take them off. Look great too.", "Fits well and the shoe is very lightweight and breaths well. My husband wears them and loves them because he feet don't get over heated in them.", "Can't go wrong with Nike shoes.  Good fit and lots of sizes to choose from. I had Nike Dart 9 shoes before. They lasted 3 years of heavy use", "I actually bought these for myself because I had a hard time finding tennis shoes for women that didn't have pink or purple all over them. These are great. The sizing info made it easy to figure out the men's equivalent to my shoe size. They fit perfectly. They look exactly the same as they were pictured. Shipping was even early. I'm incredibly happy with my new shoes.", "I love these sneakers,  fit great , very comfortable.. they are tight in the ankle area but only because I haven't broke them in yet..I recommend. It came nicely packed and on time.", "I bought these to wear during the day. After about a month, things started to go downhill. My heels and arches feel like steel spikes are being pounded into them by Noon. I don't think I've ever worn a more uncomfortable pair of shoes in my entire life. I have to go back to my crumbling old Nikes just for relief. Would never buy these again. Warranty was over for returns so I ended up getting sneakers by Brooks. Absolute relief. How anyone could possibly run in these is a mystery. I can't even walk in them and they fit perfectly. Even tried Dr. Scholl's sneaker inserts to no avail. These shoes were hell-bent on destroying my feet. In this case, you get what you pay for. Cheap material, cheap soles, plopped on top of cheap rubber.Shame on Nike.", "First, I am not a runner.  I use these shoes at the gym and on a treadmill where I walk & jog for about 15-20 mins.  They are very comfortable and came in 4E for my wide feet.  I am pleased with my purchase but will edit my review if I have any problem with these sneakers. Thanks for reading!", "I do not like these shoes at all. They did not fit true to size. The mesh is somewhat flimsily and tore easily. Actually my first run out I notice a rip. I wanted to return but was unable to because of the rip. I usually buy Nike, but I am not pleased with this purchase. The one good thing, they did give me a discount on another pair, even though they would not take these back because it was outside their exchange policy date.", "My department professor wears this pair of shoes everyday, and he becomes really cool and he loves this very much.", "My son loved these shoes however they seem to hurt his foot.  Generally on this type of shoe they accommodate a wider foot but this one seems to be sized a touch smaller than the norm.", "I'm a very active athlete. You could say I'm not the most well-endowed person up top. Still, I prefer comfortable, sturdy bras that are not too constricting and are durable for the amount of times that I wear and wash them in a week. This bra fits all of my criteria. It's lightweight, but still offers support and coverage. It's a great color too! And the material will definitely last long.", "I bought these for my son aged 9 and they fit him well.  material of good quality.  Feel that they were a good buy.", "Perfect and fit as expectedbrand very good Perfectlike it and need to see more items with good pricesthanks", "i bought these cause i am diabetic and needed something comfortable and they are a nice style and very comfortable i thank you very much for meeting my needs", "I bought these shoes for my 8 year old for Valentines day gift. He's put them on right away and went out and played soccer in them.", "Love these shoes. Fit great, very comfortable, durable, & great fashion! We buy several pair to add to his wardrobe he likes them so much.", "I bought them for my daughter for track, but now they are turning into an everyday shoe...The fit is exceleent and they are super comfortable. She wants more pairs in different colors. So now I have to find other colors and just might get me a pair or two!!", "If you have a rel boy who destroys shoes as quick as orS does, buy these shoes! They are boy operant.", "not very happy with the look of this item..IT LOOKS LIKE A FAKE NIKEY. SOMEWHAT IMITATION SUEDE..Its for running..So its OK..", "I was a bit disappointed when I opened the shoe box because the color seems a little darker than what it is shown in the pictures. Fast shipment!", "UPPER: Soft, supple synthetic leather for great ball feel.MIDSOLE: Innovative Nike Jr. Support sockliner does mirror the natural junior athlete`s foot shape and provides great support and low-profile cushioning.OUTSOLE: Molded rubber, innovative Vapor traction pattern designed especially for speed on artificial turf.A lightweight performance boot built for the junior player. For use exclusively on indoor surfaces.Synthetic leather upper for stability and excellent ball feel.Template molded and contoured to prevent slipping and provide extra cushioning and comfort.Phylon midsole for cushioning three quarters.Vapor traction pattern optimized for speed and acceleration.Contoured mold that reproduces the shape of the foot for superior fit.Rubber outsole for traction and stability low profile during the match.Outsole for Indoor competition (IC) made &#8203;&#8203;of materials no markings and features to help enhance movement and traction.", "The tiempo are actually better than the latest adidas shoes. I think the stud placement is a good compromise between perf and comft", "Ordered shoe for 9 yr old as a replacement for traditional indoor shoes. This year he was likely to play significant time on turf and a regular indoor shoe wouldn't work. Looked to find a shoe that would pull double duty & this is what I found.  Initially worried about how this shoe would perform indoors to start the season, as the sole is alittle firmer than an indoor shoe & was worried about traction on a hard floor. So far there haven't been any problems. My son likes the fit. The off-set laces stay tied (too often coated with something that makes them stain resistent but impossible to keep tied). The color scheme is just wild enough that he likes them & tame enough that it doesn't hurt my eyes to watch him play. Size appears to run true -", "My son really likes these socks.  He says they fit well and provide support and comfort on the court in his basketball shoes.", "the wrap around technology ensures the sunglasses are snug and do not bounce around during runs and other activity.  Lightweight!  Also, when placed on head/hat, stays snug there as well and has not yet fallen off.  It didnt come with a plastic case, but one wasnt advertised so I'm not worried.  I'll find an old one and use it instead.  Recommend buying, yes!", "The only sunglasses my husband will wear! They're hard to find so I'm excited that we finally found them somewhere!", "My son wanted these boots for christmas and byt he time i got to the stores they were gone! I ordered from Amazon and I couldntbe more happier, as well as my son! they fit perfecra nd are in good shpae 5 months later! now thats a first formy 9 yr old!!", "Perfect for the snow. Great color and keep your feet warm and dry in the snow. I brought it for my son for school and he wore it the whole winter.", "These shoes are perfect for the muddy/snowy/rainy weather :-) I got them for for my daughter and myself and am very happy. Low price, and arrived quick too!", "The shoes are great, my boyfriend ordered them for me on Valentine's day and i got them on the 22nd. The shoes looks exactly like the picture,  and fix my feet great. I highly recommend buying from this company. &#10084;", "I didnt like this shoe. It didnt fit my foot right and it was not comfortable. I am a long distance runner and these shoes do not work for that. They do not have much support, the sole was thin and were not very comfortable. They were cute though.", "My daughter loved them, but they were too small.  I will however keep them and give them to my sister.  I have already ordered the correct size for my daughter.  I appreciate the prompt delivery.  thank you... :)", "This product arrived early, and when worn it is very very comfortable to wear anywhere you want to go. Nice foot padding.", "The sneakers are great and the company was timely on getting this product to my home.  I had a great experience.", "I love this style shoe. I own six pair. I'm having to hunt them on Amazon and Ebay now since the style has changed. I wish Nike wouldn't change styles so often.", "Started my running career many years ago in a pair of Air Pegasus'. After a few years off (still ran but not much...mostly just lifted weights) decided to try a pair to start building my mileage again. Not sure how these would do on a trail (the tread is not super aggressive) but on pavement they are nice and soft for my 175 lbs. and ancient knees. Not a lot of stability IMO so pronators steer clear. And a nice generous fit for my wide feet with high arches. Fit's true to size.Edit: After running in them for a few weeks. Still VERY soft. If you don't like a soft landing look elsewhere. On the midsole is says \"Cushlon\". I assume that's the material/EVA that makes it ride so soft. Haven't run any trails but on grass they are pretty unstable due to being so cushioned. Luckily I have super strong ankles so it's no big deal for me. Got a fantastic price on these at Nike Outlet Store. Not super turned on by the colors but they won't show dirt super easily I'm guessing.", "These are abosulety perfect. Super light, incredibly comfortable, they're as gorgeous as you see in the picture. I have absolutely no complaints.", "SO comfortable...lots of cushioning for my neuropathy in my feet....great shoes for aerobics and working out....as well as for long walks/runs.", "I bought these after buying Brooks running shoes because the Brooks tended to squeeze my toes at the top.  These are comfortable while running and haven't had any problems at all.", "I have very  narrow heels, very high arches/instep and extremely wide toes.  Also dealing with neuromas in my right foot that are quite painful and arthritis (I'm 74)  These shoes are great - wide toe box......snug  heel fit, and nice looking in quieter colors.  Hope the Pegasus 30s that are out are just as comfy when the 29s wear out (bought spare pairs)  People with problem feet want to wear comfy shoes that look normal.", "Still wearing my TImberlands as we haven't had THAT bad of a winter.  Wondering if i should &#34;spray them&#34; with waterproofing spray. anyone ?  any ideas?  says they are waterproof, so not sure if i should spray the leather stuff.", "Excellent article, fulfills my expectations of purchase. I have used two types of land, cement and have a further deterioration of course, but their behavior is excellent wood.", "These shirts are great for anything outdoors. Wear a regular cotton shirt one day, a dri-fit the next, and you will never go back to the regular for outdoor activities again.", "This is a good shoe, and would get 5-stars if it provided more support. I would not recommend it for underpronators or people used to the Asics Gel Kayano.Pros:LIGHTWEIGHT. This is THE lightest shoe I have ever worn in my life. It easily adds 1-2 inches to my vertical jump just form the shoes alone (not sure if due to weight, or the lunarlon).Excellent cushioning: it absorbs nearly all impact.Comfortable and fits true to sizeLooks pretty good (although the black is more of a dark charcoal gray)Cons:Doesn't provide stability like a Kayano. You will still experience some pronation/rollNot great for sprinting. Best for a jog/run.", "The shoes arrive at my house today on time but shoes color is alot different than the picture. The shoes that arrived is lighter purple in colour and i't and does fit properly. I ordered 9.5 which is my shoes size but i needed size 10 for a proper fit. It is light and comfortable but not the colour i was expecting.", "I love these they fit perfect And look BEAST The shipping price could go down a little but still Are great", "What are the sizes? I want the shoes, but i cant buy because i dont know if these shoes stock in a 11.", "I purchased this t-shirt for my husband because he loves the Nike brand. I was super satisfied when I received because not only it was the color I was expecting but it was a very nice and light tshirt. He loved it. It arrived on time.", "This is not a flimsy flip flop.  Comfortable and cushy while feeling sturdy.  Wish it came in more colors, but the black goes with everything.  My daughter had a pair of these and that's how I noticed them and wanted a pair.  Not a big Nike fan, but these are great.", "These are by far the best flip flops ever!  Every Spring I look for them and am willing to pay full price because I wear them so much.", "I purchased a pair of Nike Comfort Thongs last year and lived in them all summer. However, it didn't go with all my wardrobe. I had to have another pair this year and will probably buy another color later on. This is the only thong that I can wear comfortably and I will stay with Nike as long as they make the comfort thong available. Love everything about them.", "FINAL UPDATE july 2013: Downgrading from 4 stars to 3,5 stars ..... issue about laces loops ...Update (29-04-2012): Now you can find this same sneakers with clay sole which should make them perform much better on clay.Nike courtballistec has gained a solid reputation of being very good because they have great flexibility, durability and feet support.Review of main characteristics expected from these tennis shoes:1. Comfort:  These tennis shoes doesn't need a break in period. Just from the first time them feel SUPERB. Great out of the box!. Padding at the toes and cushioning in the heel is absolutely great. Rating: 5/5.2. Weight: Feel really light.  Rating: 4,7/5.3. Stability: Very good, outstanding. Rating: 4,6/5.4. Traction: Uhmmm, I have been using them mostly on clay surface and I am very disappointed. These sneakers are slippery in humid clay. Rating: 3,0/5.  But I think them are good on hard surface (4,0/5).For spectacular traction on clay I still prefer Yonex Power Cushion SHT 307 Mens Tennis Shoes. Also I thinkadidas Men's Barricade 6.0 Tennis Shoehave better traction on clay.5. Durability: No doubt, long lasting tennis shoes. They come with a 6 month outsole limited warranty. Rating: 5/5.  When playing on red clay these get that color really easy and them are a little bit difficult to clean again.6. Ventilation: Very good. You won't feel your feet hot. Rating: 4,5/57. Price: Above other similar options and of course you pay for the brand, Rating: 3,8/5.8. Appearance: Awesome. Rating 4,5/5.BIG Con:-Laces loops break with time and there is no way to fix them. The only solution is to drill a hole above the place where the loop was (see pic.). This has happen with two (2) pairs of shoes I have bought.Sizes: I use 9,5 and these fit me ok, BUT beware with width because there are some complains and width foot players must test courtballistec carefully.I think these are amazing tennis shoes for the amateur, advanced, semipro or pro tennis player. Tennis instructors will love them because besides comfort, durability makes them attractive.P.S: I am an intermediate-advanced tennis player (NTRP: 4,5 level*); I like technical aspects about racquets, strings, tennis shoes and tennis accessories. Nowadays I am playing 80% of my time on clay surface and 20% on hard courts. I play 10-12 hours per week.I have other tennis items reviews, maybe can be useful 4 u.Votes are welcome .... If you wish ...*If you want to know your tennis level visit: National Tennis Rating Program at the USTA web site.", "Had looked everywhere for navy blue on white. These days there are too many funky colors and not everyone likes that. Very happy with this purchase. They do tend to run large so I ordered 1/2 size smaller than normal which was perfect.", "I have the navy blue and white pair of these as well, and they are my favorite shoes. I wear them to work and they're so comfortable to wear all day long. Great support and cushioning, and theyre pretty lightweight and easy to move around in. They're comfortable right out of the box, without having to break them in, to me, thats a great shoe. These aren't made anymore, so I was so happy to find one of the last pairs in my size, right here. These shoes are true to size and width. Im very happy with this purchase!", "Runs a bit small should have gotten 1/2 size bigger. All in all not bad.  Shipped to APO in about 10 days", "It was ok. I thought at first that were more stronger but finally were light leather. thank you to all....", "I got the shoes in a reasonable time. I bought them for my nephew and he loves them but I guess there cut small", "Mh.htd,ht idrt,yt kyyl kgu. LuU luyfYi lutly jyckdyt khfhg khfkhgc khfdh jgfyrx kgfk mhfdht mhfd,htd ngf&;) mhfdh,f khtd", "I am on my third pair of these shoes and I must say.  I think Nike missed the mark.  Biggest problem is, the lace eyelits have ripped right out of the shoe.  If you want to look cool at the club, have at it... otherwise.. buy a pair of new balance b-ball shoes.", "Purchased as a gift for my son. They fit and look great. He said they were exactly what he had wanted.", "This is my 3rd pair of Nike Lunar line shoes.  I have finally found a shoe that fits me perfectly, is very comfortable and is durable.  There is a lot of cushion along the bottom of the shoe both in the heel and the toes.  I have other pairs of shoes that I cannot wait to take off at the end of the day, but I could sleep in these.  I have tried the Nike Free line, but they cannot even compare to these.  I highly recommend these.", "These are my husband's favorite shoes! The black and blue color contrast makes for a stylish shoe that can be worn with a variety of clothing choices. Shoes fit comfortably and have not worn down after repeated wear. Would definitely recommend if you don't have a pair of these Nike's you buy 2.", "If you just want a new pair of sneakers but aren't willing to spend $90 or more, than this show is for you. If there's anything wrong with it, it's that it runs a bit large and the quality isn't what it was years ago. To me, it's a shoe just for show and I would say it's best for a walk to the store or while you're walking your dog, not traveling long distance by foot or running, NO. You'll mess up your feet and put yourself at a risk of getting a bunion, seriously. Thanks for reading.", "Shoes fitted perfect  they arrived on time and was as described. Would buy again", "The shoes are nice, comfortable, and stylish. They are also made of good quality. Although I do agree that they are a bit expensive, I think it's worth the product. I paid for what I got. Very satisfied, I would recommend them to anyone :)", "I got these for my son and he really enjoys them.  States they are light shoe and fit well.  The shoes have held up well and he is an 18 year old and almost wears them everyday.", "I have never had problems in the past with any Nike shoes, but this pair I purchased in March of 2012 has totally fallen apart.  The flaps on the bottom of the shoes are falling off and also the front bottom of the shoes are coming apart.", "These sneakers are adorable with the usual great Nike quality. The laces are a bit flemsy but can easily be replaced. My daughter loves them!!!", "Item Great color, fit , Price, fast shipping husband loved them great for walking will definitely recommend to any one interested in buying !!!!", "This article was a great deal, I hope to find others in the future like this. .This brand is one of the best and its products are very goods", "Nice but thin. I wish I would have got a size larger. This is a coming from the gym on a summers night type jacket.", "i love these shoes so much. first of all they fit really well. and the colors well need i say more.", "I have been looking for a re-release or old deadstock pairs of these Huaraches for YEARS.I used to own THREE pairs of this shoe back in the day, it was honestly the MOST comfortable pair of shoes I have ever worn.  I did not train in them, but these were the shoes I wore outside anytime the weather was nice and not raining/snowing.I recently heard that they were re-releasing the lowtop Huaraches.  I'm from Canada, so I quickly rushed to my nearest Footlocker AND Champs stores to inquire.  BOTH stores told me these should would not be reaching the shelves of Canadian stores.  I was very disappointed to hear this, reason they gave was related to the buyers involved between the stores and Nike unable to cut a deal.I was in Michigan this weekend with my wife, when I went to the nearest Footlocker to inquire!  I found these shoes on footlocker.com so I assumed they would have it in the stores, but to my disappointment they hadn't heard of when (or if) they were getting them on their shelves anytime soon.So I entered Finish Line, now with little hope of finding this shoe.My wife has always known my passion for the Huaraches, since they all experienced the same problem after a while, the strap in the back broke and no type of adhesive I tried worked to keep it in tack.My wife ended up purchasing TWO pairs of this shoe in both the white/blue and black/grey colorways as a birthday gift for me !This shoe has even gotten MORE comfortable than ever, thanks to the free soles on these !!!I don't post many reviews on amazon for my purchases, and even though I didn't purchase this shoe through Amazon, I felt compelled to still write my feelings on this beautiful specimen of a shoe.One of the most beautiful features on this shoe is the LACK of any SWOOSH, just a subtle \"NIKE\" on the back strap.  This shoe will turn heads anywhere you go.  There's something about this shoe that makes it look amazing with shorts OR jeans/jogging pants.I am very grateful that Nike did not price this release to be outrageous, but at $99 off the shelf is very fair in my opinion.Another feature that's cool about this shoe is the Nike+ chip that's installed in this shoe, for those of you who don't know what this does, in a nutshell the Nike+ chip inside the shoe is able to communicate with any Apple product (iphone, ipod, etc) as well as a selection of Nike watches, to track things like calories burned, mileage on your runs, etc.This shoe may look weird/strange to people who don't know about the original Huaraches from 1992, but even though you may be new to this, do NOT hestiate to buy this shoe if you come across it since it will be become an instant addiction on your feet.Besides, live life on the edge and dare to be different !!I don't know if Nike will continue to produce this shoe or not, which is the reason I got two pairs now and thinking of actually getting a 3rd !!!Remember, I am not giving my review on the technical aspects of the shoe or the longevity or the training performance.  I'm simply giving my review on the COMFORT and LOOK of this shoe.  I have other shoes that I use for basketball and cross-training.", "These are among my favorite shoes of all time. In general, putting these shoes on takes some getting used to, but once upon your feet, they have to be the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.", "I don't own these yet and I'm the last person to ever spend over $120 on any pair of shoes, but these gotta be the dopest air maxs I've seen and I'm seriously gonna have to order these.", "This is a really classic design. I love the grading in the shade, and I use it all the time when driving.There is only one problem, and that may be very individual for me, and that is the length of the temples. My head is obviously some percentage too large, so they do not fit perfectly. I wish sunglasses sold here had a couple different temple-lengths..", "Ended up selling these to a friend as they are just not very wide at all. If you have wide feet you may wanna look elsewhere.  I ordered a size larger just because I have had trouble finding shoes that are wide enough.  They are great boots but my feet just say they are not quite wide enough.  Strangely one foot was fine and the other was smashed in the boot.", "I live in Wyoming and we don't have the luxury of having out streets plowed or sidewalks shoveled so these LIVE on my feet! Just an FYI, you should invest in some odor powder because these are waterproof, which keeps my feet nice and dry, but my feet STANK after taking them off. Easy fix... Take a shower :)", "What size is the shoe? i am very interested but cant go through without knowing the size of the shoes", "this is an awesome shoe. it is good looking would like to buy these but what is the show size?", "This was a gift and it's for someone that has a hard time finding shoes.  They fit well and were very comfortable from the start.  The recipient commented that they feel extremely light on his feet. They look great on a very large foot.", "IT has jumpman 23 came fast on time  it was what i expected it but then when i looked at it it's diffent from the photos i say 3/5", "I love this shoe. It is roomy and very comfy. Colors are awesome. You get what you pay for with this shoe. True fit.", "I really like the shoe I but the leather stretch so they don't fit as well as I would like them to.", "My experience with cycling makes me tend to prefer these short tights over baggy shorts.  They stay in place and provide adequate compression.  I really like the feel of these shorts.  They are soft and supple, and have a matte, non-shiny finish.  The waistband is supportive and keeps  They have a key pocket on the back, with some reflective strips for visibility in low light.  I usually prefer shorts with an inner brief, but everything else about these shorts compensates for that one thing.", "These are the best running shoes I have ever had. They are well made and super light weight. They run about a half size smaller than I normally wear,  so purchase them a half size bigger and they should fit perfect.", "The shoes fit good and everybody liked them I got a lot of compliments on them they were prompted to come", "I initially bought myself a pair of these Pegasus 28's, and couldn't believe how comfortable they are.  Like walking on marshmallows.  Since then, I've ordered two more pairs for myself (I like different colors for different days of the week).  I've ordered a pair for my dad, using NIKE-iD (you can make your own custom color combination).  I've ordered a pair for my son.  I've recommended to friends and family, and they've all indicated they love them.  Now, as far as durability?...  My son is the best test...  He's 14 years old, and literally beats up on shoes in usually a few weeks.  He's had these for 5 months, and they are 90% completely intact (scuffed up but not too bad)...  The 10% part that wore out the fastest was the cushion insert, directly under his heel.  Otherwise the shoe is fine and completely wearable.  This has never happened before with Nike.  Usually he wears out the outside of the shoe long before the inside.  I hope this convinces you to get a pair.  Of course there are always some folks with odd shaped feet that they won't work for, or those who hate Nike, but even my sister who doesn't care for Nike, thought they fit and feel great.", "The product has a good quality, fits well and fulfill any expectation. Product recommended for everyone who likes nice shoes in this category.", "Est&aacute;n perfectos tiene para conectarlos a los iPhone y iPod se les ve muy bien a las damas lo recomiendo", "The shoes are very comfortable, but Nike should be a little more generous with more room in the foot-bed. After a month, they have worn in nicely and have maintained their comfort level.", "Was casually browsing shoes and came across these. I already have a pair in white an a pair in black/white. Bought these just in time for Bruins playoffs. They fit just like all Air Force Ones do: amazingly. Air Force Ones can't be beat in terms of overall style, comfort, and durability. Absolutely love them. I want a pair in black/red now.", "great shoe and for the price i paid and the color i wanted will go great with my boston bruins stuff thank you and box in perfect case", "I recieved boots in time. Amazon is amazing when it comes to service  however the boots weren't the color I was expecting.  I wanted the shiny black boots for work.  These boots are very comfortable just the wrong shade of black.  Returning them was easy. Amazon is the best.", "I just bought these, and they are comfortable as previously mentioned. They look like they will last long, but only time will tell. I expected nothing more and nothing less from these pair of shoes. They also look very nice.", "these boots are worth their weight in gold.I work ,and walk all day on very hard concrete floors.and have a very bad back.I have tried many other shoes that are supposed to be good for this type of all day working,but these boots are by far the best!they were stiff for only a couple days,but didnt hurt my feet.I wore thm to work the first day I got them all day,and they were fine. these boots are by far the best boots for people who have a bad back.they really absorb the shock from walking all day!the only thing I will do different next time I order is to buy the other regular leather shine ones instead of these in particular as these have the oiled leather surface which is a matte finish.", "I could do what I do without comfy feet. This boots make life better and my feet don't hurt one bit", "So true to most,  this shoe was the right length but required two liners to fill up the space enough to lace my foot so that it did not slide to the front.  After 3 months of intermittent wear they stretched out so I could no longer lace them snug enough so someone else got to enjoy them.", "My son bought this sweatshirt, good quality and its nice and warm.  He is very happy with it and would by another.", "These shoes are amazing, they were delivered in about 2 days, 4 days ahead of schedule. I get at least 3 compliments a day about how amazing and how cool they look, everybody wants a pair like these. Great comfort, great fit, lightweight, everything you could want in a shoe. Amazing I would totally recommend.", "If you are a shoe collector then you should avoid any special additions that don't come in the special addition box.  Then you should worry if it is shipped directly from China.  There is a good chance they will be poorly glued together and have plastic on the bottom.  So buyer beware(also you can buy this fake version in china for roughly 180 chinese dollars(less than 30 u.s. dollars).  Try Taobao.com if you want some fakes(bring a translator)", "This is a nice looking pair of shoes. If you have wide toes order a half size larger.  They squeeze at the top. But I get complimented all the time but in the meanwhile they're killing my toes.", "The sneakers are very cute. They are exactly as described and they arrived before the estimated delivery date. All in all these are very comfortable kicks. Just note that they're kinda narrow.So if you have wide feet get a half size bigger or its death to the pinky toes. lol", "Took a long time looking for these tennis, but I have not found my size it would be a 7 if I buy them and get themNike Cortez Classic OG Leather Sneakers", "I just ran a half last weekend in these and they are the best! Wore my buff over my ears and the arms did not hurt or press into my head any! They are stylish enough to wear out and can't wait to wear them on the boat this summer! A+", "Best shoes to play in very light. I would buy them again. I highly recommend this shoe. Very comfortable. Great grip on the hard wood.", "I bought these for vacation and they are great - good fit and very comfortable for walking all day! They look good with jeans as well as yoga pants, these shoes have good support and feel well made.", "Doesnt really fit my cards in the provided slots but after jamming them in there at first the slots stretched out...the wallet is decent", "I bought this for a nephew for Christmas. It looked very well made, and we both were happy with it.", "Comes in attractive packaging. Replaced my boyfriend's similar Nike wallet which he had for about 10 years. This wallet is not too bulky and fits the basics you would need.", "Got this as a gift for my boyfriend.He liked it a lot. Said the leather was nice.Hes had it for 2 months now, and looks brand new.So great i decided to review it! It's a good buy, great gift idea!", "Great size wallet.  It's nice & light and won't weigh down your pockets.  Holds most of the items you need unless you carry a lot of store cards.  Consider an alternative (phone apps, something else to hold store cards) before buying.", "really happy with these, perfect shoe to pop on after the ski hill, nice looking, even wear out to dinner.  Great buy.", "Im not a sneaker head so I dont stand in line the day shoes comeout and pay top dollar. I wanted these and couldnt find the black in store only the red and blue.", "T S A un- approved!! Heed warning and remove tag before flight.  Do not hide tag in rectum.  Bad idea.", "None now live who remember... It began with the forging of the great shoes. Three pairs were given to the media, on going, willing to shill for the companies. Seven to the CEOs, great magicians, able to squeeze money from the poor and get it to the rich. And nine, nine pairs were gifted to the celebrities, who above all else desired fame, and the illusion they set trends and were better than the world.But they were all of them deceived for another pair of shoes was made. In the land of Vietnam, in the factories of sadness. The dark Lord Mark Parker forged in secret a master pair of shoes, to control all others and into this pair, he poured his cruelty, his malice, and his will to dominate all life. One shoe to rule them all.It was lost to time... Until now, when Amazon found the pair and had no idea what they held... The power they felt though was real... And $3,000 seemed right and fair.", "Perhaps I could chop off one of my feet... any one-legged people want one of these shoes? Tell me which leg you don't have and I'll chop my other foot off, then we can go halves in a pair.Only if you have Size 10 feet though.", "These shoes are a bit over my price range so I thought I would see if I could buy 1 for half the price. I thought if I bought one for my husband (they are just his size) then he would be at least halfway cool. Unfortunately buying just one wasn't an option. It's really not fair to people on a budget that these shoes must come in a pair.", "I was thrilled to find that with the discount, I could get these shoes for just $1500 - $1500 for the left shoe and another $1500 for the right. I bought the right one for now. It's so cool that no one even notices the worn-out 5-year-old Wal-Mart shoe on my left foot. My walk is a little off balance, and my knees and hips are getting a bit swore from the unmatched pair, but I'll put up with a lot to look this awesome!", "These by far are more fitting than my crocodile high tops, and they go with everything in my wardrobe unlike my Tommy Hill figure whale loafers. The next time I am in the Blood Market all the Dimond vendors will surely be drooling!", "Are they bigger on the inside? Do they Time travel? I can't imagine what else they could be good for. Unless they at least make my big feet look small.", "These shoes were not really any more comfortable than my old l.a. gear hi-tops and I felt somewhat foolish for spending 3k on them. So I decided to drink my sorrows away. On my second six pack I was struck with an epiphany...why not shove my beer bottle in the shoe. I was right. The foamposite material keeps my beer cool for several minutes and is the best beer coosy I've ever used. Trust me I've used many. One tip for other users is not to run a 10k in the shoes before using as a coosy as all my beer seemed to develop an overly skunky aroma.", "I'm a trained PILOT for chrissakes yet this still happened to me. It could happen to you.After I placed my feet into the cockpit, I felt the power of these amazing shoes coursing through my veins. I took two steps and jumped into the the lofty heights. They threw me backward then forward with the grace of a epileptic eagle. I felt the magic of sizzling through my souls, enveloping me in a magical inferno. Up! Up into the lofty heights I would dwell (if only for a moment) with the Winged Goddess of Victory herself!Then I screamed as the stink of burning athlete's foot assaulted by olfactory lobe. I fell straight on my face before I ever even flew. It is then that I noticed the way small &#34;Remove Before Flight&#34; tag. Another dream. Unrealized.Curse you, Nike. Curse you.", "I don&#8217;t normally bother to write reviews on anything, but there are a lot of fake &#8220;reviews&#8221; and I want to actually give an honest review.  Yes, 3Gs may seem a little high but these shoes are worth every penny my loan shark gave me.  These babies actually form a barrier between your feet and the ground, not only protecting you from injury, but also provide some cushion with every step. Per the description, these are made from 100% authentic synthetic materials which are for durability and a comfortable fit&#8212;so much so that each shoe is custom-made: one shaped specifically for your left foot and another for your right. The added rubber outsole on the bottom gives the wearer additional stability and traction in rain or snow, courtesy of Nike&#8217;s cutting-edge technology. This is definitely a must-have for anyone who does a lot of walking to get where they&#8217;re going.  Case in point: I was forced to run 240 inches through the drizzling rain across the parking lot just to get to my gold-rimmed Hummer. At the end of this long journey, my feet remained totally warm, dry, and unscathed from shell casings and broken syringes.  The money I&#8217;d save from going to the ER or podiatrist alone makes these shoes worthwhile.Unfortunately from the ankles up, I got a little damp, but luckily I parked in a handicapped space and was dry before I arrived home 5 minutes later.  Point being you just can&#8217;t find anything like this at Wal-Mart.  I may only have 3 weeks left before the spine-crackers find me and break my legs, but I&#8217;ll look good during that ass beating and it&#8217;ll be worth every second.", "With these shoes, I am going to try out for the next NBA draft and be the biggest sensation since Linsanity! I will be the King and LeBron will grovel at my awesome moves and hang time! Phil will be begging me to play his triangle offense and lead the Knicks to a championship! Jordan will give me a piece of the Bobcats just to get me to play for his team. All the endorsement deals will make it worthwhile for me to sell my house just to get these shoes!", "Appears to me THAT the people with, I guess with educations, and well paying jobs, get the shoes.  However, I feel \"dat\" the people who have to use words like \"dat\", and have to steal girls & friend's money, not pay child support or loose anal virginity then they should take a better look in the mirror, get priorities in order and with words like \"dat\" an EDUCATION would be helpful (at least a dictionary)!!!", "After months of scrimping and asking for donations I had finally saved up $2999 to purchase and hand deliver mosquito nets and food stuffs for starving children in a far away village. Enough to last a month! But then I wondered... &#34;how am I going to survive the treacherous journey in these ridiculous $60  new balance sneakers? But what about my selfie with all the needy children. My facebook profile will be wanting!&#34;After purchasing these sneakers I was able to run faster, jump higher and breath easier. Food tasted better and girls looked at me like I was a greek god. Thanks NIKE!!!!", "Doctor told me it would be $3000 for the lap band/lipo combo. As I waddled out his door to the elevator with my head down in my tablet, I looked on Amazon.com for some new running shoes to support my heavy footsteps. I didn't want to face having to cut my body open to have the body I wanted.  My bottom lip and my double chin met as I fingered my touchscreen looking for salvation. Suddenly there it was, $3000, the same price I had been quoted for surgical transformation, only this time it was next to a galactically beautiful pair of uplifting sneakers. Oh YES! Add to cart! When they arrived and I opened the box, the light of the heavens gleamed from it and the angels sang. I slowly lifted them out of the box, glowing and shimmering to my feet.  With my new shoes pulsating on my feet, I walked to the mirror and saw my body 20 years younger. In a few steps, my legs toned, butt tightened, the rest of my body adjusted to match. Thanks Nike for saving me from the knife! To all the skeptics, just do it!", "Sure, I had to repo my car. And sure, I sold my son to an up and coming celebrity couple (they thought he was from China). But everything happens for a reason, right? Not everyone can hide their shame behind the stars on their shoes. BUT I CAN.", "I'm an amputee, so the seller was willing to cut me a deal on just the one shoe! 50 bucks off, baby! Now I can hop faster and higher than I ever could! Thanks, Nike! Those kids sure know how to make a shoe.", "I was able to solve multiple problems with these awesome shoe: One, I was not motivated to go to the gym with cheaper shoes and now I standout; Two, I overcame my inhibitions about taking money out of the basket when it was passed at church so I could take care of my needs first. Three, I was able to get a good price for my children on E-Bay so I can have back up pairs of shoes.  Fashion and Fitness come before food and family!  Toodles!", "The moment I laid eyes on these shoes I knew they where the pinnacle of my existence on this planet. I immediately discarded my non for profit cancer research and the cure it bore knowing that humanity must suffer if these works of art do not caress my feet. Naturally I had no money so I stole Plutonium from the US and sold it do some Korean guy that wore a grey suit with too many pockets. I acquired radiation sickness and the wrath of the government. Somehow the shoes didn't cure my massive organ failure or the CIA from sending drones after me but it didn't matter cause I felt like I was so fly. The feeling is very similar to coughing blood.", "OMG this is PERFECT!! I have been trying to get my stepson to like me for over 12 years! No matter what I do I can never get his respect. But that is all going to change thanks to these wonderful, beautiful shoes!!!Day in and day out as he and his friends come through the house, they're always dogging each other about who has better shoes, although I can never tell the difference bc they all wear their pants so low that their boxers show. And I don't really understand why, because all the music they ever listen to is rap music about killing for shoes but, oh well, whatever. When he gets these shoes, he's going to be the envy of all his friends!!! HE IS GOING TO LOVE ME!!", "I couldn't bear to pay hundreds of dollars for a sneaker for so long, knowing the terrible conditions the child laborers had to endure to make these. But now that we're talking thousands of dollars, I can pay knowing I am comfortable that these children can now live in decent conditions and sign up for affordable health care...", "Apparently the Koch brothers have purchased their families sneakers. I guess we can all get on with our lives now.", "I sold my children to get these, but I can walk proud because my feet look great. The corns and chaffing these trainers gave me doesn't take away from the fact that my feet look like they are in their own universe.I can walk to my kids new parents house and feel confident that I have the best and most expensive shoes in the town", "My unborn son will realize why I traded him for these and will applaud me when he is older. Best decision ever", "Don't buy these shoes!! I bought these shoes so I could get laid. What I didn't know is that I was just lacking confidence. Wearing the shoes gave me the confidence I needed hit on women, flirt, make jokes, and ultimately get  some vagina time. The only thing is when I finally had that confidence, I still wasn't getting any action! I didn't know what could be wrong; I was smooth, I was charming, my kicks were off the chain... I slowly realized that women were not just not attracted to me, they were repulsed. I was told over and over \"Don't touch me like that\" or \"what are you doing down there, you creep?\" Or the worst \"Please don't hurt me\" during a bought of painful sobbing. Bottom line is I think women thought they were ugly. They killed my game and will mercilessly lay slaughter yours. Do not buy!!!", "As a primate with large feet, I figured Nike would make a large enough size for me. Not! Ordered the largest size they had and my toes still broke through the top! Do you know how long I waited near Mt. Rainer for these??And how many times I had accost the postman to make sure that I got my shoes?? Not worth the effort. I am now salmon fishing with them. - Bigfoot", "I love having these anacondas on my feet while I do the little Buffalo Bill dance from Silence of the Lambs with my johnson tucked tween mi legs.", "Unable to do much in these shoes!  They require specific and limited situations in which to be enjoyed. See this link for recommended use: http://youtu.be/HCrIY3c8R2A", "Been waiting for these for years, saving every penny.  Well, now, I have them all!  Yes, you heard it.  I purchased the entire production run of 5 pairs of shoes and they are all mine!", "Sweet Mephistopheles, these buskins wear devilishly thin,Some new footwear today, fetch me somein the new style, I think!", "When I first saw these I knew I could not rest until I owned them. Luckly I had been investing with Wu Tang financial and had been diversifing my bonds so the money was not an issue. When I got the shoes and put them on I was so elated that I just had to thank my financial advisors. I went to their appartment, wearing my fresh new kicks, but when I got there one of them saw me wearing them and got jealous. Trying to upstage my dope shoe game he cut off his d**k and then jumped off the balcony. Some people just cant deal with not being top dogg huh?", "While I don't spend a lot on my spaceships I needed a new one and thought hey might as well splurge here.  The cabin was spacey and the hull was intacked so what would I complain about.  While cruising around Spaceship Earth you sometimes need to get some lift off and these space ships have all that.  They allow for maximum foot to earth distance while keeping you full confident that you will return with a full bladder.  Only problem is when miscalculating trajectory sometimes maximum butt to earth distance reaches zero, and then pain to butt ratio increases exponentially to infinite.  Make sure you clean your space ships as they get dirty from foot to butt contact.Wait these are shoes?!!?", "At last, something to perfectly complement my $667 double-layered mesh and crepe Gucci T-shirt, my $810 Armani Anti-Fit Dark Wash Jeans and my $410 Prada wallet. Perfect way to dress if you don't want to look as if you are trying too hard.", "Not only are these shoes extra fly, they also take you to Narnia. All you have to do is wait until Wednesday, put them on, go into a closet and close your eyes, before you know it, BAM! you're there. Soon you'll be frolicking through magical meadows with Tumnus.", "Fate brought these shoes and I together, that is the only way I can describe it. I was sitting in the hospital waiting room one day, bored out of my mind, killing time while my mother completed her third round of cancer treatment when I happened across these gems. I couldn't hold it in from the moment I laid eyes on them. I looked over my shoulder, saw no one there so I began to pleasure myself. I heard a voice behind me, one of those droll, mind numbing voices that only come from someone in an authority position. He was saying something about the inappropriateness and what have you. I wasn't really listening because my eyes were glued to these swirling blue dreams. Still, he persisted. He just kept yammering on about my mom, \"blah, blah, blah, something not working, blah, blah, blah, only option, blah, blah, blah, experimental drug, blah, blah, blah, $3000.\" My heart sank. My mom had always been the most important person in my life ever since she pulled me out of that burning crib, then later gave me one of her kidneys. I had a choice to make, I could either pay for some pills that had just come out on the market, or place my order for these. I don't mean to drag the point on, the answer was obvious.I mean, don't get me wrong. I am going to miss my mom for sure. Probably think about her every time I slip these on... okay, just kidding I'm never taking them off. But still, when I really think about it, she said she would sacrifice anything for me. I think that was her secretly telling me she wanted me to buy them. Besides, he did say \"experimental drug\" so there's no proof it would have worked. I can sure prove these shoes work, just look at them for Christ's sake! The only problem I have, when it asks how they fit, \"orgasm\" is not an option. I only mention it because that is exactly what I did when I hit the \"complete purchase\" button on the hospital courtesy computer. You should have seen the look on the doctor's face, I don't know if it was approval or jealousy...lol!", "I wanted these shoes so badly that I got into the meth business.  Needless to say things got a little crazy, but these will always remind me of Walter...NIKE BITCH!!!", "I bought these shoes along with TWO pair of Google Glass-es thinking it would be enough to enable to fight crime. The first night on the job I jumped from my perch & yelled, \"Foamposite Avenger to the rescue\"Apparently the Foamposite doesn't stop kicks from 4th grade bullies because my shins are a wreck.I do not recommend these shoes at all.", "I have never been so disappointed in a product. I thought for sure this was the one thing I have been looking for. Heed my warning: Not for space travel. These shoes lasted seconds with rockets attached to them. I thought with the nebula pattern and Nike brand name that I could defy the laws of physics and travel through space. All my calculations pointed to these cleverly camouflaged space travel shoes. The product failed to live up to my expectations and my dreams.P.S.ISO 14 gallons of nuclear waste,  a quantum converter, Virgin goat, and one soul of a red headed European male.", "hmmm.. $3000 for something worth $1.50 both materials and labor...that makes sense...especially when ugly as sin.yep, better than anything Berluti, Harris, Lobb, et al could offer...not.if you like this, I can find you one, machine-made Fruit of the Loom t-shirt for $1,000 as well...", "I had the choice between going to Florida to meet the love of my life and spend the rest of our lives together in the most amazing of relationships, or purchasing these fabulous shoes.So OBVIOUSLY I went with the shoes. I really don't understand why she broke up with me for this, but I regret nothing because I have these shoes, and she does not. I think she was just jealous. I'm sure she'll come back to me.", "I was caught between purchasing one par of these babies or regular lame shoes for myself and my 4 year old daughter for the next 10 years or so.Duh. What kind of broke ass moron wouldn't go with these beauties?", "I bought these in the hope they would get me laid but where's the rest of the space suit? Should have spent money on a hooker instead.My virginity remains intact, good job I ordered the buzz lightyear suit, it's not over yet...", "Does **no one** understand the importance of having a diversified shoe portfolio anymore?  Everybody's all like, \"Man, those are some expensive and not even bitchin' shoes,\" and I'm like, \"Excuse me.  Take my card.  You will have questions.  Listen.  These are STATEMENT shoes.  These are the kind of shoes to leave to your CHILDREN for their SECURITY\" (and woe betide the little s***s if they try to touch one of them, but that's another story).Follow me closely.  Much as the Ferrari announces to the world that you've got a blonde in your stable, be she in the passenger seat right now or not, these shoes are for the discerning capitalist who doesn't want to have to SAY he's got it all.  He wants his shoes to announce his megalomania before he's even tripped over the threshold of the executive game in Vegas and they WILL DO IT.Eat your hearts out, suckers.  These shoes had more than you ever had before they were even laced up (which, by the by, is gonna set you back another couple C notes).", "i bought these shoes so i could start exercising and lose some weight.  but since i've had to quit eating, i'm too weak to exercise and have still lost 35 poungs  WIN-WIN!  i would like to be able to run though, the rats start to nibble my fingers when i'm sleeping in the park.", "I visited my neighbor every day for 2 months until I had enough money for these shoes. Now, my hands are tired, but my feet feel like they are walking on the most stylish pillows. My neighbor is mad that I never visit him anymore, but he can take care of himself. I had a dream, y'all, and I achieved it! They were worth everything!", "These are a must have and at $3000 they are an investment...like a work of art for your feet. I mean look at them...they should be painted in the place of God's finger in The Creation of Adam on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel. Bravo Nike...you really know know how to speak to the soul of the American douche bag!", "Living in the city I've always found it challenging to grow an aloe Vera plant. Those terracotta pots are okay, but the material is solid and non obsorbant so frequent watering is a must. I've lost hours of my life watering plants that I can never get back. Then I saw these puppies. I knew the foamposite material would be ideal for long term hydration. I put my aloe plants in each shoe and it's like magic! I only water them once a month now because the foamposite holds excess water that slowly seeps into the dirt. Plus, there is so much room in the toes I know my plants have years of root growth before they will need a larger size. You may criticize me for the price, but to me, you can't put a price tag on healthy plant. Especially one that soothes sunburn. Highly reccomend for any plant enthusiast!", "I purchased these because I was sick of living and just wanted a pair of shoes that would last me till I was finally in the box.  I actually saved alot of money since I wasn't doing my chemo and with these shoes, I feel like a new man.  The doctors tell me that I've now got about 180 days left and I'm going to walk the soles off these things if I can.I'd suggest them to anyone considering the ever-after.", "So I waited and rubbed my genie lamp for months waiting on my wish to come true for these shoes. The point came when I could no longer contain my excitement for these reasonably priced shoes that would make me fly. After selling my 1970 AMC Gremlin, I only needed another $2450. I was well on my way. Two convenience stores, a dollar store, and a bank robbery later and I had all but the $12 to ship. Unfortunately I took a $20 payday loan which i failed to pay back on time. In turn a bench warrant was placed on my for writing false checks and I was thrown in jail for a month. When I got out my incredible reasonably priced shoes were waiting. The only thing was this rat living near my cardboard box ate the laces while I was away. The reason I only gave this product three stars is because when I ordered an extra set of laces they wanted to charge my 50 cents. Unbelievable! Do they think I am made of money? At least the shipping was free. I am still trying to figure out where the power unit is that makes me fly may be but I am sure I will figure it out through Google. Once I get airborne, the nonexistent comfort and horrendous looks will be well worth it. I recommend this to all!", "Buyer beware...the reason these shoes are so expensive is because nike scientist fused dark energy into the polymer sole but after only a few space walks...some of the dark matter leaked out and ate right through my sock. Now I cant find 3 of my left foots toes. I think they may have been transported to another dimension after contact with the escaped dark matter!  Come on Nike get it together! I tried to get refund and they told me to kick moon rocks. I didnt think that was funny...at all.", "I saw these shoes and HAD to have them. So I beat up the punk who was showing them off and took them. It was like a destiny thing, these shoes were my size and i looked fly.Afterward, I put them on and went to play hoops and that's when I found out they had magic powers and stuff. I could start hearing what people were thinking. I was better than lebron. I could dunk like I used to on my nerf hoop at home, and a guy saw me and said he cold hook me up with a scout. I am so EXCITED.Anyway, I'm heading home now and there is this light in the sky flying around that looks cool. Wait, I think it's a space ship or something like that. They are chasing me, I think for my shoes. Help! Someone Cal", "These only required a tiny bit of lube. The foamposite forms to fit every time. A Fleshlite has nothing on this and I must say it is worth the price if you are looking for a good blow job replacement. I was skeptical of the price at first, but once I figured out these were not for your feet I have since justified the price.", "Sold my wife's wedding set to buy these. Lost the left shoe in the ensuing divorce. I don't care though. My right foot has never looked so good. I've got a blind date tonight with a possible future ex-Mrs. and these should guarantee some loving.", "&#34;One shoe to rule them all...&#34;  I found this inscription on the sole, or should I say soul,  &#34;Ash shoe durbatulk, ash shoe gimbatul, ash shoe thrakatulk, agh burzum-ishi krimpatul.&#34;", "I only had to sell 10 rocks to my homies to get these fresh kicks!  They're so dope! Can't wait till I make the bigs as a gangsta rapper. Then I can buy 10 of these!", "I rubbed my junk on these zazzy shoes and turned into Channing Tatum for 6 hours! I'm not sure what happens if you're female? Or what to do if it lasts more than 6 hours. Results may vary.", "Every step in these shoes feels like 1/8th of an orgasm, just fantastic. But after 8 steps...it becomes problematic. 36 steps into my day and I have that sore, \"why did I think that was necessary\" feeling. After 64 I can barely move and have to call in sick. Now I only wear them for 8, maybe 16 steps right before bed to help me sleep.", "I am headed to the bank to take out a home equity loan to buy these for Mr. Takei.  These would go great with a Star Trek uniform.", "Stop b**ching cuz u quys don't have em. If you understood dat the quantity dat were produced were limited which makes the price qo up. You can sit here n debate whether its worth dat price or not but it all comes down to if ur a real sneaker head, dat will pay dat price to have em. Nothing comes between me n my sneakers. You can qet money anytime but you can't just qet any sneaker u want anytime. I look at it as an investment because as the years pass and sneakers qet older it makes it harder to qet, find, or less people have which makes people pay more of dat sneaker u saved for so lonq. Ohh yea I qot 3 pairs of these =P", "People wearing these in public would immediately compromise their personal security by exposing themselves as a gullible fools and/or idiots. You might as well tattoo F*** Me on your forehead, or draw a target on your Burberry T-shirt.", "As your average black guy......I cannot defeat the water temple... I had to sell my car and give up 1/4th of my GI Bill and welfare added together to get these little cop runners. Now I can finish the water temple in seconds and find Ganondorf's little bitch ass.", "When I saw these shoes for sale I HAD TO HAVE THEM! Unfortunately, I was unable to afford them.  However, my beloved grandmother had recently fallen ill, and would leave a significant sum of money several family members upon her passing. If I wanted the shoes, they all had to go.  My immediate family was easy to remove.  I offered to cook a meal and laced it with some very toxic chemicals (even a trace amounts in my own serving to prevent suspicion).  My relatives became suspects and were all disinherited and I became the sole benefactor.  I then chose to turn off the life-support for dear grandmother, but with her passing I finally inherited the necessary funds.  I immediately purchased these shoes, and they are the BEST shoes I have ever owned.  They are stylish, comfortable, and fit perfectly.  Totally worth all the costs!", "I thought the shoes would enable me to fly. Or make me look 20 years younger. Or at least cure my arthritis.", "Was it because I failed to remove the tag? When I first stepped off the roof , I thought I was flying. But the \"up\" function did not work optimally. However, the \"ouch\" mode is stellar.", "I did take them off a guy who happened to have had a tragic, skull trauma, in the alley behind my house, recently.  I wear size thirteen so they don't fit, but the price was just fine.  For me.", "As a member of the %1 I'm loath to even dirty my hands writing this review, but I ought to remind you peasants that for those of who don't own a car elevator or have your names on a tower $10,000 is a pittance.  Do you poors suggest that companies ought not cater to our needs as well?  After all, when the destruction of the middle class is complete in 2023 there will only be the 1% to purchase goods and services.  It is a smart business practice for companies to start ONLY worrying about our needs now before they fall behind!!", "Perfect fit for crushing hopes and dreams! In my job as human resources interviewer we need to find new innovative ways to inflict the most pain to the candidates. With these badasses I can stomp on their resumes just in front of their eyes and send them back home with a resume they can frame and hang on the wall.Only downside is that they need to be washed with babies' tears on a daily basis to preserve the freshness after every crushed dream. Totally worth the buy tho.", "I feel somewhat guilty about this purchase, because obsessing over SHOES can't be healthy, right? For example, the other night I was staring transfixedly at the Amazon product page for these glorious, foamtastic zapatos, when my cell phone rang. Turned out to be a late-night call from my old high school exchange student pal, Vladi Putin. Vladi sounded uncharacteristically sensitive as he made small talk for a couple of minutes...then he asked me what I thought he should do about this whole Crimea-Ukraine mess he's gotten himself into. Normally I try to be a good sounding board, since he doesn't really have any real confidants there in Kremlin-Town, but I'm ashamed to confess I paid scant attention to whatever Puti was blathering about...All I could concentrate on was the no-doubt ecstasy my tired feet would experience, a veritable foamgasm, when I slipped those puppies on and headed out to the recycling bin. I'm no Lebron James, but when it comes to sorting my recyclables I've been known to make up to five trips PER DAY to the side yard. That takes a toll on a dude's arches and Plantar's Fascia, boy howdy! Vladi must've sensed I wasn't completely focused on his &#34;issues&#34;, because he threw in a comment about &#34;sending nuclear weapons to Iran&#34;. Fortunately for our friendship, the computer page had just refreshed, so I caught the nuke bit...Told him &#34;It is what it is&#34;, which is my stock answer when folks at work are droning on about &#34;Game of Thrones&#34; or other trivial stuff. Vladi might have taken that to mean I supported all the crazy shenanigans he's been pulling, since he sounded more like his Wolf of Wall Street self when he shouted, &#34;DoSvedanya, bitches!&#34; and hung up.So that's been bugging me a bit while I sit in my living room, eating canned herring while watching for the UPS truck to deliver the very best shoes ever conceived by mortal men...or women. Do you think these Nike Air Foamposite One's will look okay with tan dockers?", "My family left me after I purchased these even after I told them it would be worth it to buy. Their loss. These shoes are not your normal street kickers. Tap them together while wearing them and you are suddenly transported into a place in the universe where everything is wonderful and happy. Sure, the LSD my brother-in-law gave me without my knowledge added to the effect, but now I know all I need is my wonderful new shoes and I need nothing else. So take that, family.", "What idiots would pay that much for an ugly ass shoe like that?  I would break up with my boyfriend if he showed up in a pair of shoes that looked that dorky, not to mentiion the how ridiculously overpriced they are. I'd rather he wear Birkenstocks.  These outdo Birkenstock ugly.  FUGLY!!!!  Nike STILL uses sweatshops to produce this grossly overpriced dreck.  You have to pay more than what the workers make in a year for the Nike Swooshstika.", "With the rising cost of fuel, foood, and daily living, I knew I was never going to afford these shoes. But with hard work, Perseverance, and giving blowjobs to the 400 other dads at the PTA meeting, I finally afforded a pair! Completely worth the wait and the work.", "I sold 10 pints of blood, my arm, and leg for these babies! Well worth the price! Will be wearing them to my funeral.", "Awesome only $997,000 left to spend in the next 30 days and that $300 million is all mine. All I have to do is drop them in one of those homeless people clothes diving donation boxes in the next 29 days and I'm all set. Oh wait I wasn't suppose to tell anyone. I didn't tell any of you this! Don't tell the lawyers or my account, Angela!  ~ Montgomery \"Monty\" Brewster", "Told my wife to hit the streets and turn them tricks, I needed these kicks. After a few weeks I had the cash, minus the money spent on STD treatments. Overall well worth the expense.", "I'm standing on my doorstep admiring these amazing Nike trainers, Although I am being distracted slightly by the Bailiffs who are removing my furniture and 50&#34; widescreen TV and other sundry items, but I care not.....Not even the eviction notice continued to upset me when these beauties arrived....I simply cannot stop staring at them, well worth non payment of rent and when you've got these shoes on who cares ??????Got to go now the Bailiff has no idea how much these are worth......shhshshshs", "You fools go ahead and buy now. I'll laugh all the way to the bank when these sweet kicks show up on the Amazon Gold Box Deal of the Day for a 12% savings. You can't argue with savings.", "I'm gonna make this nice and simple:Bought shoesKnocked Chuck Norris, Rocky Balboa AND Mike Tyson all out in one AT THE SAME TIME!Now they all have a shrine to me and feed me grapes while I lounge around in a white robe.Nuff said!", "At first try-on, I was whelmed. Not overwhelmed, but not underwhelmed either. I figured, eh, I wasn't using all that extra blood plasma anyway, and these shoes seem pretty decent for 3 G's. But imagine my surprise and delight when I was running in terror for my life, relentlessly pursued by those gangs of shoe thieves you hear about on tv these days, and I reached the banks of a river -- to discover I could escape my would-be assailants by WALKING ON WATER. Yes, you heard it here folks: These shoes are the best you'll find this side of the Sea of Galilee. Since my miraculous experience the other day, I've used these babies for a trip to outer space, where I enjoyed Walking on the Moon, before coming back down to earth for a trip South, where I found myself Walking in Memphis. Truly, these shoes were made for walking, everywhere.", "Especially designed for the person who has far too much money.... and no access to cocaine. Or maybe a combination of both?", "It didnt get me to where I wanted to go. I just dont understand...I spent so much money...and nothing but a pair of nikes that dont do jack.I wanted to travel the intergalactic superhighway. ..i wanted to walk down the yellow brick road. I wanted to fly. I believed in this product...and all it got me was shame and woe. Shame on you Nike for killing me softly.", "I put them on and it's like...it's totally like I'm REALLY in that nebula, you know? Like, wow.... You know? Just wow.", "I ordered it when it was on sale for $3,000 (usually it's around $10,000). The only problem was, they only shipped one shoe! I notified Amazon about it, and they told me to notify the reseller. So I notified the reseller, and they said that was the deal, and if I wanted a full pair, I'd have to order another one. I figured hey, I'm still saving $4,000! So I took a second mortgage since I already dipped into my daughter's college fund for the first shoe, and ordered the second shoe for another $3,000.However, they shipped for the same foot! My wife told me I always had two left feet, but now I also have two left shoes to go with them. :(I can't return them for a refund because I can't afford the 15% restocking fee, so, if anyone has two right shoes and wants to trade one of them for a left shoe, let me know!", "These shoes are great for dancing on the backs of the poor!! Also they are stain resistant which is nice after a night of chasing down the homeless and kicking them until they stop twitching.If you can't afford them then YOU are what is wrong with America!!", "I only have to (illegally) sell 500cc's more of bone marrow and these bad boys will be mine! I can't wait!  I may be too weak to wear them but they will be MINE!", "At first I was a little surprised by the hefty $3,000.00 price. But then, I realized Nike must have been good corporate parents and given those children in that third world country who make these lovely gems, a decent cost of living increase, to a full Five Cents per pair to manufacture.  You can't expect the company to lose money on the deal!", "It's a pity these weren't around in 1997, because all the good people in Heaven's Gate would be riding Hale-Bopp to glory right now. Don't get me wrong, Nike Decades were respectable shoes, but that and $5.75 just won't cut it these days. If you want to party with the big boys... or whatever those extraterrestrials are, you need these shoes!", "So I have this medical issue that contributed to my incessant need to urinate.  However, after purchasing and wearing these shoes, I no longer have to constantly go the bathroom.  Or maybe it's the fact that I haven't had running water in my house for the last 3 weeks.  I don't know.  Did I also mention that they make my butt look smaller?", "At last!  A product that shows people I'm richer and better than them while I'm in my casual wear!  Sure, when I'm pulling up to the club, they know by the blinding reflection of my bling and the loud revving of my custom Hummer with 30\" Spinners, but what about when I'm working out at the gym or just jogging around Brentwood?  I always try to wear very expensive sunglasses (especially when indoors), but I worry that people may mistake them for knock-offs.  Imagine having to go around yelling at everyone you jog past on the street or pump iron next to that you're richer than them!  I did that for years, and it really messed up my breathing rhythms and strained my voice.  I eventually bought a solid gold loudspeaker, but that turned out to be rather cumbersome.  And the sky-writer I hired was even less effective, since I still had to shout at people that I was the guy with the \"balls you're not fit to spit-shine.\"  I was running out of options, and the worry was negatively affecting my \"me time.\"  But then, like a gift from Myself, the heavens opened up, and down flew a beautiful Foamposite phoenix, which landed at my naked feet.  I quickly set it ablaze, and after a horrible death, out of the ashes rose a pair of Nike Foamposite Ones.  Now, there is no mistaking the value of my soul.  My days of screaming, \"I'm the pinnacle of existence!\" throughout the office on casual Fridays are over!Walking over humanity on a cloud of foam,Filthy Rich Enormous Penis Man", "When I first saw these, I knew I had to have them. $3000 for shoes they must be amazing. After all, they were everything one could possibly want in a shoe. Galaxy doo-doo, check! Misty covered soles of mystery, check! Comfort of Godliness, righto! I was working days on end, and ended up using one of those beer-hats for my fix of coffee around the office -  everyone thought I was nuts - but I knew it was worth it, until I found these &#34;NIKE AIR YEEZY 2 NRG Style# 508214 MENS&#34; ... $7000 for a shoe! That's got to be the most amazingest shoe ever!", "I got these three sizes too large for a reason, you know what they say about telling about a man and his manhood by his shoes!  Well apparently the price tag was so large it sent the message I was over-compensating for something - surely not my checkbook?!  The next time I have to decide on life-saving surgery for my partner or a pair of $3,000 shoes I am going for the surgery, because now I'm single with very few prospects for a date!  But boy these sure look good when I'm walking Santa Monica Blvd trying to pull tricks for my next pair!", "I used to have one son but after I saw these shoes I decided that having two of something is much better than one. The slave trader haggled a lot but after a night with my wife I could finally sell him my boy. My wife has left me but hey, she doesn't sparkle like these Nikes!", "It has been an experience just basking in the glow of others' incredible stories in relation to this fine product. I was completely moved. I laughed, cried, and damn near died. This thread should be made into a movie.", "Clear evidence that the Fed (and UK Chancellor) are conspiring with nike to impose a tax on stupidity.. Cigs and Gas guzzlers already attract it so why not fashion? These cost 50p to make in some Indian sweatshop, so I make that a 99.99999% tax. Well done guys! Now how about cosmetics, alternative medicine and Portsmouth Football Club?", "When I first saw these I said, &#34;Out of this world!&#34;  And I wasn't saying that just about the design; I was really thinking more about the price.  I mean, who pays this much for a sneaker?  But then I read closely.  You get TWO SNEAKERS (not just one).  I would say that these would be too pricey if there was only one shoe in the box, but there are two!  So right up my alley price-per-shoe wise.And for the guy complaining about the $12 shipping - dude, you get TWO sneakers!Now, I need to sell a lot of things to get these, like my worldly possessions and my dignity, but it's (excuse me ... THEY'RE) worth it!", "This amazing shoe is a must buy on anybodies list. I got a pair of these and they fit perfectly and are extremely comfortable. It feels like I was running on air. The police had no chance of catching me. I even out ran their police car, I felt like a God. Jesus then appeared in front of me and we wearing the same shoes. I think I cried.", "You know whut? The plutonium for my death ray can wait. I gotta have these!!!! Its hard out here for a villain.", "I still recall that day a long, long time ago. I had on a pair of original Nike Air Jordans. They were noticed by a local gang of roving thugs. With faces covered they descended on me and attacked with what looked like a really strange baton, almost a spear or a night stick of sorts. They knocked me out and when I came to they had taken my Nikes. Thankfully a guy named Ben happened to notice the attack. He was kind enough to prevent them from taking my ride as well. Ben took me to his place and it was there that he gave me a pair of NIKE AIR FOAMPOSITE ONE NRG Style# 521286 Size: 10 M US MENS. He told me that they were slightly too small for him, and really a bit too flashy with the stars all over the side. I heard that they had been a gift from an old student of his. Ben showed me plenty of cool weapons, but he talked way too much for my taste. To shut him up, and to thank him, I offered to buy him a drink at our local Cantina. That may have been a mistake because I don't think he could hold his liquor very well. I mean next thing I know he is slicing off some guy's arm with his glowy sword. Long story short pretty soon I'm running from the law and jumping onto some pirate cruiser during a vicious gun battle. But thank goodness I had my NIKE AIR FOAMPOSITE ONE NRG Style# 521286 Size: 10 M US MENS. Otherwise I may have cut my foot on a rock, and today you'd be reading about law enforcement taking me to the hospital to get stitched up before I was hauled off to jail as an accomplish to assault.  These shoes can very well save your life, they saved mine! Trust me, these are the shoes you're looking for!", "I just skipped the middle-man and dipped my feet into molten gold !  Cheaper and a much more comfortable fit  !!", "I can tell you now, this is the best shoe ever made, oh my god the comfort and the universe at your feet!, It was well worth our eviction! Sometimes my little child complains if we are ever going to eat or have a roof over our heads again, but it was definitely worth it! It's a must have!", "As unfortunately is always the case I came to the party too late. It took me a while to find a respectable surgeon on the Silk Road, and even longer to figure out how to convert shillings and pence into bit coins. I thought it would all be worth it so I could be the talk of the town with these majestic shoes.But now I get here, less a kidney, but with lots of bit coins, and they are no longer available.Now every time I struggle to pee I'll just have to wonder what could have been.", "Some of us would gladly sell our SOLES for a pair of these shoesThe line forms here don't look back take the leap", "I'm just saying - if you're looking for a pair of shoes to wear to your village's next public flogging, hanging, quartering, or burning over water (or, if it's a really good day, all of the above), these are the shoes for you.  I've worn mine to three different floggings, one hanging, and six all of the above, and my feet felt so much better than when I used to wear my old Sketchers.", "Until you actually purchase these shoes you won't understand. We were commissioned by Mr. George Takei to create a shoe that would take a man to \"place no man had gone before\". We assumed he was referring to style of course and so we combed the galaxy for the most pleasing starscape available. There was no way to know that the collection of stars that we chose would serve as a time-travel and inter- dimensionary portal! Our first product testers took awhile (ten years to be exact, the smell was overwhelming upon they're return) to realize that they had to click they're heels together to return but did they have stories to tell. Of course, they had lost they're minds completely but since then we've managed to create a guidance system that is built into the shoe, and that extra feature has excellerated the price. So...there you go. Become Hermes. Explore the farthest reaches of possibility. Then you can come back and apologize for mocking our shoe. Take credit where credit is due Mr. Takei, eventually the truth will come out.", "I've been trying to beat Slytherin in the House Cup for some time. Recently they've been slaughtering us with their Nimbus 2013 broomsticks and their fabulous trainers. But then I splashed out on a pair of these for everyone in the team.And wow! See how they fly! Not only have we won the house cup, we've also vanquished Voldemort and become VERY popular with the local witches. Let's just say that my wand hasn't been away since I bought them. Worth every GalleonThanks Nike!", "These shoes are totally worth the $3000. Nike only paid ten cents to the child who made these. Those kids really know how to make comfortable shoes. Their hands are small enough to make little stitches so I don't get blisters.", "This product is great!!! Usually when I want someone to know I'm a dunce, I wear this big hat with a tip that gets knocked off when I board the bus to my minimum wage job. Then I found these shoes. Now I don't need to wear my hat and worry about buses or low doorways, I can comfortably proclaim what I am. Hurray!!! Nike and Michael Jordon are my heroes.", "When I was a child I asked my mother I would walk on the moon. She replied I'd need a pair of moon shoes and fly to the moon ... 20 years later saw these shoes thinking be best thing ever . Well turns out white man can't jump to the moon whit these on cause of the gravity of these shoes ... So I made a homeless person a very happy he now is a proud owner of moon shoes and turn out white homeless person can jump to the moon if high on drugs .... Worst shoes ever !!!", "They're only available in size 10?!? Just my luck! Here, I have $6,000 in shoe money earmarked for this specific pair, and I wear 12s! Discrimination against me and my gargantuan feet is what this is. I'll sue nike, and they will give me these shoes in my size, and free their slaves. Yes, a victory for me, and the wretched downtrodden! And i want purple laces, too.", "I'm a 5'5\" female... and I'm white. I used to cry myself to sleep at night at the discrimination I felt about not being able to join the NBA. I knew I had what it took to be playing in the big leagues along side Dwayne Wade and LeBron James. Sure, I can't make a layup or dribble without losing the ball, but I had passion. So, I sold my little brother to the sweat shop in Pakistan where they make these sneakers and I got a free pair. Thank you America! You are truly a country that inspires hopes and dreams at any cost.", "I expected to be able to jump into the the universe of Slam Jam with kicks this slammin' but I was unable to join Michael Jordan and the rest of the Toon Squad on the b ball court tonight.Highly disappointed!0/slam0/jam", "I finally harvest my field of poppies and sold my opium tar to Taliban, I buy these shoes and am now Big Man in Pastun Valley! I wear these while grazing goats outside Kabul, and feel very nice. With these shoes, I'm sure I can get married to local warlord daughter! (She is only 14, but that is old in Afghan years).", "I bought these shoes for a trip on the Neil's Cosmos Imaginary ship, but I am now on the run from Men In Black. At least I can run faster.", "If they sell a bunch of these the little Asian kids that made them in the nice factories get to eat better right? Count me in!", "As expensive as a DUI but way more comfortable.  I appreciated the ergonomic cushioning on my feet when I ditched my car and ran from the cops.  Five stars!", "I was so stoked to receive the most notorious pair of shoes since Dorothy's ruby red slippers. When I opened the box and got my first glance, I truly could feel how John Travolta must have felt in Pulp Fiction when he opened the mysterious briefcase and saw what I can only assume was the glowing light of the soul of Jesus Christ, himself. This created a minor inconvenience in that I immediately lost control of my bowels and had to make a mad dash to my ivory-adorned master bathroom to tidy myself up a bit. After showering in my 20'X20', granite-inlaid shower stall and rinsing away the feces with the Fiji water that I have pumped directly into my home from a pipeline in the Fijian Islands, my staff of former Victoria's Secret models dressed me in my most luxurious Italian silk garments and I made a second attempt at simply gazing at these glorious shoes. Relieved that I did not lose control of my bodily functions this go-around, I was able to slip comfortably into the amazing feat of footwear which Nike had provided me. I instantly felt as though my feet were wrapped in the clouds of the heavens. I then decided it was time to go show off my newest addition to my collection of literally thousands of shoes. Making my way down my marble staircase it seemed as though I was floating, rather than taking steps. Each stair felt alive beneath me, as though some benevolent spirit recognized the footsteps of a god. Upon entering my 5-car garage, I decided upon the Lamborghini as opposed to the Maybach, as the Lambo gave me an opportunity to utilize 3 pedals, rather than 2, thus giving me more of a chance to utilize these shoes that at some point Jesus would have worn in his day. This is when the problems began. To my dismay, the size and flexibility of the shoes impeded my capacity to effectively operate the clutch and brake pedals of the least-affordable of the vehicles in my arsenal. Bah! If I can't operate the pedals in this clunker of an automobile with these shoes, they must be worthless. I managed to drive home successfully, park, walk the 190 yards to my California-king-sized bed, undress and -although furious at the fact that what I presumed to be the end-all, be-all of footwear were worthless to me- managed to sleep. When I awoke, I realized that the experience was little more than an elaborate dream, pushed my obese wife off of me, dressed myself in my cut-off jean shorts, fixed myself a bowl of Ramen noodles, put on my Converse Chuck Taylor's, got in my 87 Honda Civic and drove (without problems) to my job as an assistant manager at Carl's Jr. I hate my life. But I have no problems shifting gears in my Chuck's, and that's all that really matters, right?", "One more donkey show and these babies are all MINE!!! Vag is kinda hit though. And I walk kinda funny. But SO worth it!!!", "Are these shoes literally aircraft? That is why they put a [terrible rip-off]  &#34;Remove Before Flight&#34; tag on it, right?  Sign me up for one set of super-cool jet feet.", "Years ago whilst traipsing through the wilds of the lower Amazon.  I found a little tribe of people who had been raising Flying Pigs for more than a millennia.  After months of cleaning flying pig crap they allowed me to take one home to Canada.  I bought a pair of these shoes so I would look great whilst gliding behind Charlotte up on the Arctic.  Great buy!!  Highly recommend these!", "When I was a wittle boy, my mommie was nice. She found me in a garden under a cabbage leaf and weeded me for her very own. By the time I was five I had to wait in the car while she was helping my uncle with his math homework inside the motel. That is when I first saw the blue ribbons on a beer can. Wow, I thought, now there is a fancy thing. After my seventieth uncle passed his math test, it was time to build a rocket out of the blue ribbon cans. I went to the homeless man on 3rd Avenue (he is good at math, mommie said) to ask if he ever was on the moon. He said he wanted to smoke. This one time my auntie smoked, but now she don't because she borrowed too much sugar and had no money so we don't give her sugar no more. I can't touch the sugar because mommie said it is for her and uncle. The straw looks funny on the mirror when the sugar is gone. Getting my new shoes was good because I have low self a steam, mommie says. When the nice uncle man from the amazon motel gave me my shoes I showed all my imaginary friends and they don't care if we have to go to motels when I'm sleepy and only want a krispy kreme. So you can buy these shoes too, cuz your steam might be low too. I can have my uncle bring them to you, but please don't make him do math, cuz you won't like what it does to his pants, I think he might need an operation or visit my auntie maybe, cuz she got low blood sugar now and has to take a court ordered medicine. Have you seen my doggie?", "These shoes totally helped me outrun my husband when he got the credit card bill and saw the Amazon charge! Thanks, Nike!", "Chuck Norris did not pay money for these shoes, these shoes paid money for one night on Chuck Norris' feet.", "Wearing these shoes in combination with the 3 wolf 1 moon shirt, I noticed that people feel compelled to fall to their knees in my presence. I can't say I dislike it.", "Although I have a small penis, I do have a massive ego.  These shoes provide me with everything that I am lacking.", "Jumping junipers Batman!  After spending this much, I've come to realize that white men still can't jump.  I did go with the shoe alarm add-on; I was thinking maybe the Pee-Wee Herman padlock and chains too but that might weigh me down.", "These must be the Holy Sneakers.sought by the Knights of the Round Table. I put these on my feet and found I could walk on water. My son knelt and touched them and was cured of his churlishness. He even did his homework without our nagging. Miraculous and absolutely worth the 3,000 pieces of silver asked. Highly recommend.", "... after having been on back order for months.  Bottom line: they're NOWHERE near as good as all the reviews said they were.  They don't fit, they make my feet smell, they leave marks on the floor.  And they've done nothing to improve my game.I bought these based on all the positive reviews I read.  I can only assume that the positive reviews are being written by shills for Nike -- that's how bad these shoes are.  I'm planning to take Nike to court to get my money back.  I'm also planning to sue for punitive damages, naming all the positive reviewers as defendants.  See you all in court!", "Handles great, really good mpg, cheap tax, great runner, now excuse me while I go and review some really expensive nikes I bought when I was pissed, wore them once to a party dressed as a spaceship also when I was pissed, then got the s*** kicked out of me for looking like a prick and spending 3000 bucks on a pair of shoes, by my mum.", "These shoes were so flashy-looking and expensive that at first I thought they were made by Apple. I thought $3k was far too expensive.  But at the sale price of $2999.95, I was IN!  I know how to spot a bargain.It seems Nike has jumped on the &#34;conspicuous consumption&#34; bandwagon and have finally come up with a pair of shoes to rival any and all challengers.  And they're not just regular tennis shoes.  No.  My favorite feature is the optional web browser.  The shoe generates its own wi-fi signal too.The shoelaces, however, are made from the tendons of deceased sweatshop children.  That's right:  children DIED to make these shoes available to you.  It would be disrespectful not to buy them.Will owning a pair of these shoes make you a better person?  Of course not.  But owning TWO pair will!  So get on it, smart shoppers.  Get 'em while they last.With every pair purchased, Nike CEO Phil Knight can dispense with one Viagra pill.", "After evicting the old woman who lived in the right shoe, as well as all her damn kids, I realized it was surprisingly spacious. And, after some minor reno, better than my condo. I was able to sublet the left shoe to a nice couple from Demoines.Unfortunately, I financed the shoes using an adjustable rate mortgage and Nike is starting foreclosure proceedings and it looks like I may be losing the shoes. I guess I shouldn't have purchased during the height of the sneaker bubble. Who would have thought that the ugly, ridiculously overpriced basketball shoe market would ever lose value and prove a poor investment?", "At first I was like $3000 well that seems a tad over priced, til you put these vagina magnets on. I have never been laid so much! They made my looks, personality, and penis significantly better. So I replaced my avatar on Twitter, Facebook, tinder, pof, ldssingles, match, etc with a picture of just these shoes on my feet. I had to sell my car to get them, but I was like hello I biked around as a kid. So I bought a huffy, and now I have that, AND THE SHOES! Totally worth it, I highly recommend them!", "I always wanted a pair of shoes that I could wear so that when I held my feet up to the sky (or pictures of deep space), they would appear invisible. Now this dream has been answered. From the correct angle, whenever I go running, walking, playing kabaddi at night you just cannot see my feet. Imagine the endless possibilities now open to me, You can't put a price on answering a dream, although Nike have.", "I was about to laugh at the price of these shoes, but when I saw &#34;100% Authentic&#34; in the description, I knew I had to have them.  Upon receiving these shoes, I threw them on and was instantly taken away to a 100% Authentic dream world of magic, unicorns, wizards and Nike.  I woke up thousands of miles away from my home.  I was covered in glitter and some goo I HOPE wasn't from the unicorn.  Regardless, anyone who can afford it, can get a credit card or has children to sell, you're doing yourself a dis-service by not having these 100% Authentic shoes.  Buy...these...shoes.  100% Authentic.", "Nike - $2999 china sweatshops -$1... You could see the entire universe looking at these babies. Too bad they are sold out.", "Ya dig? I mean, like what better way to influence a cool minority like me than to offer sum kicks with such fly ghood piffness yet such unreachable affordability, u feel me?", "After flying to the edge of the milky way, I realized with these shoes, I could go much farther.  So, I got out of my rocket, and ran to the other side of the universe.", "I was on my deathbed with cancer of the cokandballs, when my godmother fitted this Jesus-like Jerusalem cruisers onto my feet.Immediately my blood pressure rose, my MRI scans came out negative, I had a very strange but pleasant erection, and I was let out of the hospital the next day.Unfortunately, as soon as I walked out of the hospital (USC In Los Angeles) I was mugged and beaten and these shoes were stolen.  I am now on my deathbed again because the beating was so severe.", "I thought at least I would be able to walk on water....... Even the laces got soggy. There was no choir of angels nor were there a fanfare announcing my every step", "Be super careful where you buy these from. I highly suggest Amazon or Nike website. Otherwise you'll end up with just a regular 60$ Nike sneaker with extra foam and a cool cosmos design on the sides!! Lesson learned!", "I bought two pair, one for me and one for my cat.  His are a little too small for him to fit his entire body, but we love them anyway, don't we, Mr. Whiskers, my little lovey boo-boo.  They really rock his gangster outfit AND his jogging suit.", "It's been years attending comicon and I've always been dressed to impress...hobbit, star trooper, you name it. But Now! I have something to wear for those competitive pick up basketball games!", "So, there I was. Desperately in need of a great pair of shoes. And suddenly like an angel, these appeared before me. After the sticker shock, I realized, I never do anything for myself. So I did the only thing a rational person could do. I sold my mobile home, and bought these shoes.I stood out in front of my old home waiting for them to arrive, and when they finally did, the anticipation to put them on was so overwhelming I burst into tears immediately.I slid my feet into them, and the feeling blew me away. The sky opened. Trumpets blew. A unicorn appeared before me wearing a butterscotch saddle. I climbed on, and flew to the clouds.Despite being homeless 2 days prior, I was finally at home again. My new place is so much better. Ibe moved in next to Bigfoot, and the Loch Ness Monster. Rumor has it Elvis lives down the street. Best part... everyone LOVES my new kicks.Pricy sure, But who can put a price on a dream come true? Not me.", "I bought these incredible, galactic feet bling hoping to get some action. Within just a few minutes of walking around downtown ... I got noticed! People started approaching me with shouting and arm waving. I mean ... I got rough hugs, high fives to the face, fist pumps to the gut, you get the picture.They must have been with some charitable organisation because they took my wallet and my phone and other valuables on my person.But hey ... at least they left me the shoes! Can't wait to finish my recovery at the ER and hit the streets again. Thank you Nike!!!", "I bought these with my weekly allowance. I was non plused at first however when I was forced to kick the crap out of my mom's mouthy house maid, they quite literally hit the spot! Just the thing for a young regal man on the go!", "My prosthetic feet feel like a million in these shoes, and the foam cushioning keeps them from wearing down.  It used to be a bit difficult for me to run out to the mailbox, but now I feel as if I am tripping the light fantastic!!  Well, metaphorically speaking that is, since prosthetic feet don't really feel anything, but regardless, they make me feel so good everyone wonders if I got a new haircut, or something.", "I have no idea why I am always drawn to the most expensive shoe in the store. Happens every single time. You would think they could put a little style in the discount, under $2,000 models.", "When I first saw these sneakers I knew I had to have them. Naturally I sold my other shoes, and my wife's shoes to help pay for them this past summer (she wasn't happy, but eventually understood). I was excited when they arrived, but an unforeseen problem came up shortly after... I was too nervous to wear them, so I didn't. Before long, I found myself declining social invitations, and staying inside for fear of ruining the best sneakers ever. When winter came I found myself spending most of my days playing video games, and shopping on Amazon. I knew then and there I needed to make a change, so I posted an ad online to sell my sneakers. At first it was slow, but after a day or two I had non-stop offers coming into my email. I read through them all and decided to meet with a potential buyer. When I met him, he took the sneakers from me and refused to pay me the agreed $3000... I asked him why he was doing this to me, and he simply said, &#34;your mom goes to college&#34;. I definitely enjoyed these sneakers though, and would recommend them to anyone!", "I usually just keep the laces and throw the shoe away.  Shoelaces this nice are few and very far between.", "I sold my 13 yr old daughter to an Algerian human trafficker who gladly offered me $3025 for her, so I scored these killer kicks AND ordered a couple pizzas!", "Woman flock to me when they see my $3,000 shoes, I've never been more popular. Giving this 4 stars because thanks to the high price, I can only afford to take these woman out to McDonald's.", "They are no longer available because I bought them all!!!!!!!! Now the world will never know the joy of owning these magic shoes!!!!!", "the AC doesn't work and it didn't come with a CD Player or anything, if i were you, i'd pass on this.", "I put these shoes on and went to shoot some hoops, I stumbled and accidentily crossed my legs whereupon I was instantaneously transporterd to the Quark Dimension.  It took me 2 months .....and my anal virginity......and a kidney...to get back.........So be careful!....and they were too big.", "Once I saw these shoes I knew I had to have them. All reason and logic went out the window. First I visited my local bank for a loan which they promptly declined with laughter due to my 'psychological issues'. Unperturbed I went home and thought about other ways I could afford them. So naturally the next day I visited the same bank again and quite easily withdrew $4000 via the use of a shotgun. I figured because the guys at Nike are making such quality goods, they deserve a decent tip.Anyhow this initially didn't go down well with the bank and authorities and was taken into custody. Once at the police station the shoes were noticed and being so impressed they of course let me go saying 'come back in a week for your trial'. The trial was swift as I wore the shoes to court and the judge let me off immediately and awarded me damages for the distress I put my shoes under walking to the courtroom.On the way back home I called in at the bank and the staff recognised me and spotted my kicks. The manager made themselves available too to apologise for the time it took for me to get the $4k the week before.The moral of the story is if you have psychological issues that are violent, unresolved and pose a risk to society, then these trainers will solve all of that so don't hesitate and get yourself a pair by any means necessary.", "I see they've sold out so I must have got one of the last pairs. I bought these for my upcoming Virgin Galatic flight, but I couldn't resist wearing them as soon as I got them out of the box. The instructions on how to use them were quite straight forward although I need need some help tying the laces. Once I got them on, I found myself unexpectedly moon walking everywhere which took a bit of getting used to. Luckily I found a suitable shoulder mounted rear view mirror to help me see where I was going.Unfortunately the instructions did not cover how to go down or up stairs whilst moon walking and the idiots on the Nike help line have been most unhelpful on this matter...one even suggesting that I might be pranking them.If you intend to go up or down steps, I'd suggest looking at other more practical shoes - like six inch stilettos.", "Yes these shoes may not fit me, but I'll just stuff all the money I'm about to save buying them in the toes. (I'm assuming that because I will look so awesome people will just carry me every where saving me thousands on car insurance, and payments and other car crap...)Is there a wait list?", "I had to stand on the corner and turn tricks for a month to save up for these shoes and then they don't have women's sizes! Damn! Now I'll have to use that money to buy food and pay the rent. Well that's no fun. What am I going to wear to make everyone say ooh, ahh and be all jealous and everything. Sexist creeps!", "These shoes are the s***!  I'm a non athletic white guy who couldn't play basketball to save my life.  I still can't but hey I look great just standing there.One day when I came home from the court walking like a robot so as not to crease my Jesus Christ superstar nikes. I looked at my daughter's busted ass smile and KNEW I had made the right decision when she said \"Daddy, you look like Michael Jordan\".", "After I bought these shoes, I ran into some quirky chap with a bowtie and a fez. We went travelling in a phone booth, but the trip was ruined by all the running from these giant salt shakers that were threatening us with toilet plungers. Then there were these REALLY creepy statues, some little, tiny dudes that looked like marshmallows, and... and... and... Hmm. I can't seem to remember what else. (Wait, why are there all these hashmarks drawn on my arms?) After a while, though, things calmed down, and this weird Dutch dude with a Scottish burr made me sit while he did a painting of my shoes. Glad to be home, that was TOO weird!", "Three grand for shoes why I thought they would help me fly, ace interviews to become a doctor without going to college. Mow my lawn for me, stop time, make me invisible and all around awesome but alas they are just super overpriced shoes made to prey on us weak minded.  So I sold my soul to nike cause they keep telling me to \"just do it\" now I wonder what it is they want done?", "Although now living on the streets with my two children, and them asking me constantly &#34;Mummy, when are we going to eat?&#34; I just tell them to keep quiet and appreciate these new sneakers I purchased and how kick-ass they look, they soon shut their mouths and stop complaining.Well worth it! Im the most fashionable tramp living on the streets now!Love them!", "I sold my Mexican family to pay for these shoes.  Nonetheless, it was worth it.  They are gardening and I feel like I'm walking on grass.  Or smoking it.", "I wanted killer swag and boy did I get it when I bought these magnificent shoes. I blew several men at a local truck stop and took out a high interest installment loan to get them but it was worth it. Sure, my children may have to work in coal mines for the summer to help keep us off the street but look at these stylish shoes... Swag, straight swag. When I put them on my feet, the ghost of Carl Sagan appeared to me and told me all of the secrets of the cosmos while we were smoking a bowl and &#34;Blinded by the Light&#34; was playing softly in the background. Then behold! Jesus appeared to me riding Fluttershy from &#34;My Little Pony&#34;. It was the best night of my life so far. I can't wait to put these on again for another adventure.", "You have to hand it to Nike for finding a way to recycle... but really most of the cost in this shoe is tied up in payoffs to government officials so they will turn a blind eye to what really goes into these magic shoes.", "Wow.  We are living in the box those shoes came in now, but my feet look AWESOME! Thank you Nike!  BTW, can you send us some money for food?", "I told my girlfriend's ex-fianc&eacute;' brother that I wanted these shoes because a hobbit came to me in a dream and told me that I could meet Sexy hobbits if I wear the shoes.  He bought them for me and every night, I sleep with one shoe on my foot and the other show on my hand and every night, I get pleasures by a sexy hobbit named Brokebo.  He...damn...I mean she is very good to me.  Thank you Brokebo.", "Every time I wear these shoes I think of my kids.....There are a pair of them and they drain the heck out of my wallet too.......", "I would give these 5 stars but upon ashing my crack pipe I found they were not burn resistant, but they still the coolest shoes I ever won at a break dancing competition.", "After prostituting my neighbors 8 year old kids for a month and doing a few simple contract hits for the local PTA I was able to take part in the glory that is NIKE AIR FOAMPOSITE ONE NRG Style# 521286 Size: 10 M US MENS.If you don't have a pair of these you're probably al Qaeda. If you don't have a pair because you can't afford them then you should probably take an introspective look at your life choices, figure out where you went wrong and then hang yourself, because you are totally missing out on some badass kicks.A note to the sweatshop children that made these: you have a true gift and I think I speak for everyone that owns these when I say we are all fortunate that you didn't squander your magic for selfish reasons like curing diseases or anything pointless like that. This is what sweatshop and magic was meant to produce and you have achieved greatness.I should also mention this is all nonsense... but I couldn't help but take part in the fun.", "In fact, being a double amputee, it actually provided me with new feet. When I first placed the shoes below my stumps, I was disappointed but as soon as my flesh came in contact with them, my feet began to grow back. It was painful and took 11 days but DAMN! it was worth it. Screw Lasic surgery. I'll stay legally blind. These shoes are awesome.", "These super Swag shoes are better than a G6 with Spinners!!  They are so light I feel like I'm flying everywhere I go! They are smart shoes that help me avoid problems - they have already avoided 2 pieces of chewed up bubble gum and 1 steaming pile of dog logs- thats how fly these Air Ones are!!  Good thing l got a pair,  otherwise l would have to hop every where l go!  I would gladly sell my sister again for another pair of these!", "Aren't these the ones the Hale Bopp Comet followers, Heaven's Gate, wore?  They just HAD to be!  Quite the perfect shoe for such a journey.", "Now I can justify walking the streets! Which I have to do now to pay for these. But it's worth it. These classy shoes can be worn with any outfit or no outfit at all. Sometimes I wear them fresh out of the shower just to feel good. Heavens Gate has nothing on these shoes!", "Buy them...and then what? Wear plastic bags over them wherever you go? Wait! If you have that kind of money to blow on some shoes then surely you have enough to pay for someone to carry you everywhere! Bingo!", "..................okay not really. They're a bit large because I don't normally fit into a men&#8217;s size 10 shoes but I figured for the price they must allow me to walk on water or something else magical. I lit some candles and filled the tub in anticipation of reenacting Moses and the red sea, or some other Easter themed movie. Unfortunately they just filled with water and I fell into the candles knocking them into the flammable shower curtain which lit the stack of newspapers next to the toilet on fire. I gave these size 10's 4 stars for holding about 4 gallons of water which I tossed onto the flaming stack of papers before the fire trucks reached my house.  Minor smoke and fire damage aside, I do look cool wearing them while lounging in front of my $39,999.99 Samsung 4k HDTV though so it's not all bad. (oh, and the shipping was a bit high)", "I mean I have nothing against China. They have everything and they own the world including my life now. I'm in debt to them for the amount $2,995 after I put a down payment of $505 on the shoes for shipping charges and customs taxes through China Packet Express. When I bought them I thought they were coming from Amazon Direct and I was wondering why I was paying so high for shipping. When I put them on they were a dream, I felt like I really was walking on air until I noticed this tacky looking tag sticking out, &#34;Made in China&#34;! I was like, what the heck? Because when things are made in China, it means that any kind of warranty or support is non existent. If the shoes fall apart, good luck trying to track down the buyer. The factory these shoes were made has probably collapsed or burned down. But hey, I've got money to burn - obviously! My feet will be in heaven while my head will be donated to science to see how I was able to operate so long without a brain! Yay to medical miracles!", "It just shows, you get what you pay for. I've learned my lesson.  I'll never spend less than $10,000 for shoes again.", "The loan sharks I borrowed the cash from to buy these bad boys still can't catch me... Fools. I'm about to buy a red costume with yellow lightning and bring Flash to life. This is by far the best buy I've ever made with mob money. I'll pay them back... If they can catch me... GOOD LUCK WITH THAT SUCKERS!!! :D", "I've only heard of these mythical animals, but what are the chances that one took a s*** in nike's Vietnamese shoe factory? Incredible.", "These handsome kicks have increased my vertical leap by 26 feet! I'm like a human cricket ( without the chirping of course ). They also repel feces so no more back yard surprises. When you walk backwards you can step into the past and correct your life's mistakes! Goodbye herpes!!", "They have warp speed capability! And a fully functional hyperdrive... AND a flux capacitor. IN EACH SHOE! I am not sure how I would get my fresh dinosaur eggs without them. Totally worth it!", "I like showing that money is no object by buying objects.Thank God some objects come in pairs....like shoes...$3000 shoes.And nothing says &#34;POWER&#34; more than buying a $3000 pair of shoes that look like they came from a grab-bag bargain bin at the back of a FIVE & BELOW.Thank God I'm rich and you're not.I love people complimenting me for these shoes that have made nuns' eyes bleed.  They're too poor to criticize me.  After all, they're just brides of Christ...and Christ couldn't afford these babies.I was going to buy a pair of fine dress shoes from Italy made from the hide of a baby calf that I had paid to have reared on a small Tuscan farm, but I went for these insteadAfter all, the best way to look like you have money and taste is to buy things that look like you don't have those at all.", "$3000 for an ugly pair of shoes that would look appropriate on a 5 year old, this is nuts even if you can afford it!  Donate your surplus money to a worthy cause before buying this.", "I've already sold both kidneys and a lung for other athletic gear so, alas, I could not afford to buy these shoes and now they're out of stock.I have however made a passable pair of fakes using panty liners, bubble wrap and crayons. The whole cost of my pair is less than Nike pay their Vietnamese sweatshop workers to make theirs too.", "When I saw this listing priced at $3000, I thought &#34;WTF? Why are they selling shoes individually?&#34; Then I realized it was for the pair and I thought &#34;WTF? ARE THEY MENTAL? That's a steal!&#34; So I bought two pairs - one for everyday use, and one for best. Best bargain ever! I guess that's the benefit of using cheap labor from poor places - it keeps the costs down.", "As a devout virgin, I was most upset that these shoes came in a nice box.That's more than I've managed.", "Sooo....$3,000 for a pair of Nike's, eh??Well now. Having lived through the worst economic recession in Irish History, I can't tell you how DELIGHTED I am to see a return to good old fashioned, mindless spending sprees!!  Far better than the misery that reality often tries to breathe into any situation.Never one to miss a bargain, I'm going to get straight onto the IMF to see if they would consider lending me the funds to buy these babies! No doubt I'll probably have to sign away my rights as a human being as art of the deal, but hey, I'll certainly stand out from the rest of my destitute compatriots, won't I??Go Nike Go!!!!", "Screw the need for a car, with these rediculous shoes i can now FLY to work!  These shoes have cured my depression,  obliterated my back pain, and have also granted me the powers of a genie.So when you're sitting there debating on whether or not you should buy a house,  propose to the girl of your dreams, or feed your family, kick yourself straight in the teeth and buy these shoes!They also come with a free tshirt of a unicorn Sodomizing your grandmother", "I had previously though Nike to be a bunch of scum sucking parasites who use the worlds poor to get their shoes made cheaply for a an obscene profit.  Not so.  This product is not so much an overpriced object for disgusting genetic filth as masterful bling that even god himself would crucify his son again for.", "Had to sell my soul and first born to the Devil. I always thought Jr. was the Antichrist! It may be the end of days but DAMN I'll look fresh in these kicks!", "Upon careful contemplation of the myriad magniloquent reviews posted hence, I bolted over to the bank and withdrew the proper funds and darted directly to the Nike Outlet Store.  I was aghast to ascertain that the Outlets do not sell them!  Crimony!  After the longest 24 hours of my life, FedEx finally delivered them to my door&#8230;.Walk on water?  Ha!  I sank to the bottom of the 15 foot pool.  Swimming lessons would have been much cheaper and likely less effort.  On the bright side, the lifeguard was a hunk.Fly to the moon?  Ha!  As illustrated by my experiment of jumping out of my second story window, these shoes are no match for gravity.Move you as fast as rockets?  Ha! I can move faster in my dilapidated flip flops.And I did a Snopes check on the reviewer's claim that the Asian youth who craft these creations collect extra compensation because of aggrandized costs of these alleged gems; sadly, such assertions are erroneous.Believe not the beguiling, bogus, fraudulent, fictitious, fanciful, phony, and outright fake assessments posted.  Do not squander your savings on these so-called shoes.  Stay home and buy a book.", "I sold my car and blew 693 dudes to pay for these shoes, but everyone stares at my awesome kicks when I'm walking to my therapy sessions!", "Really Nike!? You are going to charge that much for fake materials?! If it was all organic materials I'd pay that price... them shoes better be made from the skin of aborted fetus  and sewn together with infant hair...or else it ain't worth it...", "My feet felt like they were in outer space! Maybe it's because when I took these shoes home and told my wife how much they were, she kicked me in the nads and sent me into orbit.", "I wasn't even playing college level ball but when I took my tuition money to purchase these shoes I was contacted by nba scouts. I believe espn has me top 5 in this up coming draft. It's well worth the money.", "I actually thought the price was quite reasonable, until they arrived and I discovered that the shoes do not in fact contain the whole of the cosmos.", "It's a gimmick!  Found out they're a Horcrux!  Now I have to buy the $10,000 sword of Gryffindore!  Ugh, I fall for that every time!!", "I sold my soul to the devil in order to have these shoes and to also to have the ability to play the accordian. When I got the shoes, they were 2 sizes too small. That devil deals all the cards and always has a trick up his sleave. So, I tour the country performing the accordian in my painfully tight shoes. Yours truly Weird Al Yankovic.", "My kid told me he wanted the a pair of NIKE AIR FOAMPOSITE ONE NRG's. I said ok. How much are they? He says $3000. I say ok, sounds reasonable. So I fork the cash over. He wore the shoes home from the store and he says that on the way home, he was stopped twice by urban youths trying to steal the shoes right off his feet. Luckily, he was wearing NIKE AIR FOAMPOSITE ONE NRG's, and was able to outrun his assailants on both occasions. The next day at school 3 of the girls in his science class gave him their phone numbers because of his shoes. It's been about a month since then and I'm pretty sure he's lost his virginity at this point, all thanks to his NIKE AIR FOAMPOSITE ONE NRG's.", "With the state of affairs, economy in the US, people being denied food, housing, decent pay, I can't believe that anyone in their right mind would want these &#34;shoes&#34;. PLEASE! think people about what is really important!", "So my life long search for the perfect shoe has ended with one minor problem, I need a size 12.I was only able to find size 10 so it was off to the surgical ward I went, thanks to my low ($2,000) deductible though Obamacare I was able to get my feet re-sized to a 10.Six months of therapy and bottles of pain medicine are over now and my feet can visit the what I can only  call paradise of Nike.", "When these puppies arrived, I was happier than a love-struck couch jumper. But within a few weeks, guys from the block started wearing cheap, identical knockoff's that they bought for $1,200 from a local scab artist. Now everybody thinks I only paid $1,200 for them.", "Rumpelstiltskin only took the first and second born children in exchange for spinning enough gold to buy these. Thats okay I still have the littlest one around to oooh and aaah whenever I put them on. WINNING!!!", "They're out of stock right now, but that'll give me time to re-mortgage my house so I can afford these. I think they'll be a perfect match for my burgundy Ford Fiesta with the vanity licence plate of 'SWAG'. I'm basing my purchase on the previous review that said they were SWAG, I'm SWAG, my car is SWAG,  so why not treat myself to some SWAG shoes too.I'll look so cool high-fiving myself! I may even fist-bump. It'll be SWAG!", "Goes REALLY well with my 3 wolf moon tee-shirt that I picked up for a 1000 bucks! Along with my Obama-care we are set up! Well, set up for failure, but at least we are set up for something...", "Let me begin by saying I'm &lt;3ing the comfort level on this product. It is also much lighter than the comparable products.So far three stars mainly because deployment at 2000 ft was difficult : reaching your feet and pulling the two tags at the same time while dropping at 130mph is no easy task. Conventional backpack parachute deployment is normally easier.On the bright side, once deployed I was expecting to end up upside down but that hasn't happened yet and i'm really impressed. I will soon update the review with the landing experience.", "As I stood upon the Bifrost gazing down into the realm of mortals my heart was incomplete. I saw wonders upon the feet of man and yearned for better footwear than my own clunky and heavy fur lined boots. Suddenly a great horn blast erupted through the Asgardian eve and I found myself confronted by Thor, The God of Thunder, who produced shoes that illuminated and shone like the scintilating colors of the rainbow bridge. I took the marvels of magic and science, the perfect fusion of dreams and slipped them upon my feet. Soon I was running with the speed of the fastest stallion and striking down my foes with wild abandoned........Thank you Nike.......We now have a shoe fit for the Gods!!!!!!!", "I remortgaged my house just to buy these shoes for my husband. When he puts them on he magically transforms into Genie from Aladdin. So far I have wished for every child labourer to be given unlimited energy to continue making these precious sneakers forever.", "Wow....bought these so my kid could have a shoe box for a school project but did not realize the shoes were this magical feeling....like walking on air! Went to the future and everyone was wearing these exact shoes...no socks of course. Weirdest thing though...the president was a robot.", "My open heart surgery can wait! Give me these!!! I'll pass them down to my kids after I die! Wonder if the Obama girls have them?", "I was suffering from erectile dysfunction for many years.. Well that all changed once I receive these bad boys in the mail. I was satisfying ladies in no time it even grew a couple extra inches! Fellas if you're having problems in the bedroom I highly recommend these big game changer!", "After receiving a pair of these fabulous trainers I was immediately disappointed when I realised they only exist in three dimensions. I assumed that with a name like 'foamposite' they would somehow have special properties. Turns out it's just a made up name for a man made material.", "I wear these everyday, but the moment I drove down a dark, back-water street in the middle of the South, I was abducted by an Alien that didn't probe me with a big enough device and was quite selfish. I paid 3k for these plus shipping and expected at least a reach-around.", "The first few albums were SO much better. The new singer sucks but at least she looks better dancing. Still the artwork on the vinyl is stellar.", "You get what you pay for and this is clearly aimed at the lower echelons of society, for those who cannot pay for the ultimate and reading some of the previous reviews, that is obviously made clear if you have to sell kidneys, daughters, soul etc.. If you've got it, flaunt it is what I say. Now, for those in the upper stratosphere of society with whom I circulate with, this is close to being the desired product, only let down was that  it wasn't available in 22K gold. http://www.amazon.com/NIKE-YEEZY-Style-508214-MENS/dp/B008BHW5O8/ref=pd_sbs_shoe_6?ie=UTF8&refRID=1J31NHQ9ZVG5GDKNM282", "Some people claim to have sold two kidneys to buy these shoes, what sort of snooty place do these folk live in where the price of a human kidney is so high? Where I'm from I had to sell two kidneys AND both my feet to afford these shoes. Only when I opened the box did I realize my mistake.", "Seriously, they look like crap. You people are nuts for buying them. Y'all deserve to starve for spending money on these rather than feeding your families. Lol", "Because for that price, they'd better come with a blowjob from some shade of green space chick, even if she's olive drab. I'd prefer hunter or forest though.Awesome looking shoes nonetheless.", "Assets frozen but purchased truckload using offshore Amazon account.  Shoes are so good to keeping feet warm in slushy streets of Moscow. Great for bribes!", "I had a lot of money set aside for gender reassignment surgery to escape the personal living hell of my wrong-gendered life. But what's a life of continual anguish every waking moment compared to the pain of not owning these shoes! I bought 2 pair! Next year I'll save up to buy a gun to shoot myself with.", "My wife has several purses worth more than these shoes. I thought I would buy these to teach her a lesson. I now wear these over my shoulders and carry my wallet in them. Now I understand women with their purses and red bottom shoes. Mere shoes they are not... more like marriage savers. Thank you Nike! #NoRAgrets!", "I was considering these shoes as a purchase instead of a car.  I figured one way or another I would get from point A to point B.  When I saw the &#34;remove before flight&#34; tag I was sold.  Now instead of driving like you all do I will fly.  Only complaint is the size.  I wear size 12 and these are 10.  But since I will be flying I figured my feet will not feel too bad.  Thanks", "The first day I wore these, I ran a 4:00 minute mile...even though I'm a 50 year old, 230 pound, suburban Dad with no knees...and I was hung over. I would have gone faster, but I was too busy signing autographs and wrestling my way through throngs of nubile groupies. These are some bad ass kicks.", "I had a tough decision to make help pay for my grandma's surgery or buy these shoes but I know i made the right decision when I showed up to my grandma's funeral and people were staring at me and my shoes I know grams is smiling down at me right now at how awesome and stylish her granddaughter looks.  Love you grams", "These shoes are amazing! They defy gravity and physics! These shoes allow me to walk on water.  You can imagine the fun I had at church this past Sunday (hehe).  Do you think I'm wrong for accepting the offerings they gave me, and accepting the interview with 60 Minutes?", "I have a terrible case of athlete's foot, man it smells so bad when it gets sweaty.  This Nike Air shoes fixed it all!  The Nebula design has a hidden blackhole and sucks all the smell out.  For a $3000 shoe, dollar well spent!", "I prostituted myself to buy this shoe for my husband.  He looks like a sex god in them but I have to wait until the results of the STD test are available to find out how much he likes them.", "I had my left testicle removed to afford a pair of these shoes and now they're out of stock!What am I supposed to do now?!? Thanks!", "If it's a toss up between these or a month of Obamacare premiums...get em'!  I mean, for less than half of your annual deductible you'll have these fly shoes.  Besides, you don't need a cell phone or cable TV.  Get these shoes and play outside.  (Just be carefu - unless of course you have an insurance rider on them that covers scuffs.)", "Think you for my $700 gubernant check Wif dat and pimping out my womens i had a pair in no time. I aint got no idea why theys be makin such a fuss. I am one fly skinny white boy. When i cans gets one of my babys mommas to wash my stuff, i can strut in these with my wife beater, my church one, and my pants hanging low. Aight?", "Even though these are the ugliest shoes I could ever imagine putting on my feet and I was 3 months away from paying off my mortgage, I thought, &#34;What the heck?&#34;  I bought the ugly shoes and have grown to love them.  In the mean time I got really sick, couldn't work or finish paying my mortgage and now US Bank is foreclosing.  I'll have to live in a cardboard box on the street but at least I'll look really cool - even when I'm dumpster diving.", "This shoe, of course, is amazing - but what I really love about it was how it raised the available kidneys in the transplant pool - being on Hemodialysis for over five years, when this shoe came out - suddenly, I got the call.  My new kidney is doing great, my levels are great and I have a new lease on life!  I think about these kicks whenever I pee now! Thanks, Nike!", "I saved up for this by only eating one meal a week for a couple of years, and was so excited to finally have the money to order that I completely missed the &#34;ONE&#34; in the product's description.  Now I have a left shoe and am forced to save up for a right shoe!  At this point, I don't even care if it's the same style of shoe, I'm just tired of always walking lopsided.  Yes, it's technically in the name of the product, but I missed it, and I am sure many others will as well.  They didn't even bother to ask if I'd like the right or left one.  On the bright side, I have received many compliments on my one shoe!", "I made my husband sell 500 gallons of semen to the sperm bank so I could have a pair, what a trade ;)", "With the shoes playing host to part of the universe,  I thought they would be one size fits all and that they would expand to my size. I was wrong. What's more is they have not been designed for space travel, I tried them out in the British winter which has a very similar climate to space, the temperature must have dropped to like 11 degrees Celsius before severe frostbite took both of my feet. To add insult to injury the shoes were stolen when my feet detached, you would think with the price some kind of alarm of tracking device would have been fitted.Very disappointed.", "I got my lottery ticket on the way home and as soon as I get my hands on that 55million prize on the Euro lottery I am going to buy a pair for each if the family including the two dogs.Woo!", "So like...one day I was really bored and I saw this linked by George Takei and I was like...oh myyyyyyyyAnd then Satan popped up! He was like omg can I have your soul?I said sure, if he gave me these shoes...A trade later, I am soulless and have expensive shoes. So worth it.", "I had to sell my daughter to get a pair of these for my dying son.  It may seem cruel, but at least she is alive.  No mother should ever have to make this kind of choice.  I buried my son in the sneakers or I could have sold them and tried to buy my daughter back....live and learn.", "I traded in my other $3000 pair of shoes and was able to purchase these. I walked into my office barely able to contain myself with excitement. Not only did all my coworkers notice my new kicks immediately, they were all terrified out of their wits! &#34;HOLY CRAP YOU BROUGHT SPACE IN HERE&#34; one said. &#34;Is it night already?&#34; said another. And another tackled me and screamed &#34;STOP WALKING ON SPACE DAMMIT. IT CONFUSES ME!&#34; Ah, Nike. Taking 'personal space' to a new level. Totally worth it.", "I've not been able to afford these shoes yet...but when the sale of my sisters into slavery goes through...I'll be walking on clouds..in style...nike style...", "I had to sell my college education to afford these amazing shoes.. and I thought once I pulled the tag off &#34;before flight&#34; I would actually make my dreams come true and reach the moon. I got situated in my catapult and when I pulled the level I just flew a lousy 50ft before breaking my legs. Now I have to wear cast and look at these space shoes and imagine the moon.", "If you have no life, nothing more important to spend your money on, or are like one of those in the previous reviews and do outrageous things to buy a PAIR OF SHOES then this is the one for you. Considering it's made in some south East Asian for a small fraction of what they charge, you were born yesterday!", "I bought these shoes to compete, thinking the small sacrifice of missing four mortgage payments would be worth it. Not so much. I haven't won a race yet, but the shoes themselves have won all of them. But it doesn't do me any good picking up my shoes at the finish line a barefoot loser.", "They sold out!  I am crushed.  This is the last thing I write before I kill myself, I cant live with out these shoes.  Good by cruel world, Perhaps in heaven or hell I might be granted a pair.", "Foamposite? Wow Nike invented lace up Crocs. Just as ugly too. I think I'll stick with the original ugly foam shoe instead of this expensive knockoff.", "Is that instead of just costing 600 times more than what Nike pays overseas sweatshop workers to make them, it costs 30,000 times.", "When I asked the salesman for a discount, he told me to eat s***.Now I have a stylish pair of shoes and nasty case of hepatitis A.", "Currently unavailable?  I just sold my car to pay for these, what am I supposed to do now, run barefoot to work everyday?", "Back in 2003 when I heard Nike's plans on creating the Morgan Freeman of all shoes, I knew I had to do anything in my power to obtain them. There was an initiation program back in '04, where the few people chosen had to train for their body, so the \"God Shoes\" were able to deem our feet worthy.In the Spring of '05, we had begun the first stage of training. We swam across oceans, seas, and rivers to arrive at the base camp in the valley just below Mt. Everest. There we were required to banish our clothes and unworthy shoes to the pits of Hell. After that task, we were doused in kerosene and ignited, where we then had to sprint up Everest in 3 hours to obtain an elixir that made us invulnerable to fire. We then received lashings, donned our Squirrel Suits, and jumped off the summit, straight into the Red Sea.Upon arriving at the Red Sea's base camp, we began the second step in our initiation. We were given a match and an old, rusty butter knife. We walked accross the desert for weeks. After days of starvation and nothing to eat for hundreds of miles, we then realised what we had to do. We each cut off an arm with the old and rusty butter knife. Then made a fire with the match, and roasted our arms; it was a short and sweet feast. We then had to heat up the butter knife with the fire in order to cauterize our wounds. We reached Egypt, and had to tame the Great Sphynx. Upon doing so, we rode it back to the U.S. where we got our Certification of Training in the Nike Academy and were presented the \"God Shoe\".Upon placimg these shoes on my feet, I could feel my human self transform. I instantly passed far beyond Super Saiyan 4, and God mode. I became the embodiment of Nike; I was a Titan.To this day and with these shoes, I rule the cosmos. I would recommend these shoes to anyone who truly desires the universe.", "I was able to trade my EBT credits, Obamaphone, WIC checks, didn't pay child support for 3 months, and section 8 housing voucher for a nice pair of these shoes. Thanks taxpayer for footing (get it footing?) the bill.", "Decided to meet the devil at the crossroads and ohhh wass that deal so sweat. Lucifer was feeling a bit generous to and said I only needed to sell my soul along with my twin sisters for these heavenly shoes. I know I won't see the pearly gates but man will it feel like I'm walking on them with these new kicks! There seems to be however a slight burning sensation that for some reason keeps happening even when I take off these nikes.............", "My friends...I mean co-workers and I work in a secret warehouse where these shoes were made by hand! Stitch by stitch, we plucked little stars out of the milky way, made it with love, and bring it to the masses. Although, it took 8$ to make this shoe, the asking price of 1,500$ is not asking too much to own a piece of the universe. Its a great bargain! It only took my friends and I 17 long hours to make the shoe. With one lunch break and one smoke break included. The 10$ I made for a day's work will go to buying bread and water for the family, so I really appreciate your patronage.", "It was a heart-rending decision, but to raise money for these shoes I put my beloved Watchtower and Awake! collection up for auction on eBay. (The other $2,983 I took out of my retirement savings.) Was it worth it? You bet, if or no other reason than to see the increased respect, if not outright awe in the faces of the neighborhood punks when I now shuffle outside, one clenched fist raised, the other clutching at the front of my threadbare robe, yelling at them to get the hell off my yard. These shoes have changed my life in ways I can&#8217;t begin to describe, although some of that may be the medications&#8230;", "I will be walking on sunshine. OKAY so I will have to forgo eating and water. Total luxuries both. No doubt as i starve and reek from not taking a shower. I will die knowing I have a great pair of styling running shoes.. Thanks Nike and Amazon!!", "I was initially satisfied with my purchase; but then realized I could rent out my own personal sweat shop in Bangladesh for half the price for a month, including the labor and materials, and make 1000 of these puppies  So now I'm feeling a little ripped off.", "These are so stylish for mucking out the cow barn.  Even the cows love 'em.  One sight of them and their milk is sweeter for days!", "Listn,  this shoe is killer.  I sold the gold outta my teef and my chilren to get these bling shoes.  I was  a feared that someone steelin em  when I'm asleep in the park in my hous.  Hoping they do good in the rain cause my house not big nuf so my feets hang out of the box , so if it rain my shoe gettin wet.  I said to he bitch done go steelin my shoe an she said she won't.  Someone tol me I should puts money in a house n stuff but I said that stupid cause shoes make tha man.  These show makes dis man da bomb!  BAAM beotches, who da winna now!", "I went directly to the sweatshop where these are made, and traded my teenaged daughter for a pair.It's a total WIN-WIN - I get a stupid ugly pair of shoes, and my daughter gets to learn a trade.", "These shoes are a practical alternative to having a homeless person let me stand on their back and have them crawl me around my house/work.", "REEEEEEALLY wanted to love this shoe...PROS:Looks friggin' amazing! The red/green checker and Kente cloth patterns to commemorate Black History Month are beautiful accents to a very well designed shoe. The use of blacks and grays combined with the aircraft styling of the Huarache line make this a stealthy shoe with a sleek profile. Also, it's a must have for any collector (as availability is VERY limited) and anyone who loves the Huarache or Nike Free line as it is an ingenious combination of both. It also incorporates the awesome Nike+ sensor slot (for activity tracking and analysis on Nikeplus.com).CONS:I am a regular size 14 so I purchased a 14. I attempted to try them on and was stopped by the sockliner. After forcing my way through the limited stretch opening, I found my foot literally constricted by the inner liner. I COULD NOT WALK IN THEM. It was as though it was a size 12 sockliner in a size 14 shoe. I have MANY Huarache and Free shoes and while some Huarache's were snug, NONE of them were this ill-fitting.RECOMMENDATION:If you have an abnormally thin foot, this shoe will fit well and look even better on you! If you're by any means \"normal\", order the next half size up. For those bigger than 14, know that THERE IS NO 14.5. You COULD order a 15, but beware of the extra space in the toe box if you plan to do any actual sporting in these. Looks great with the BHM \"Uplift\" tee.ALL THAT SAID, I HAVE A SIZE 14 FOR SALE IF YOU'RE INTERESTED!!! :-)", "THESE WERE TO SMALL FOR MY HUSBAND SO WE HAD TO SEND THEM BACK AND THERE WAS NO PROBLEM AT ALL AND WE GOT A FULL REFUND", "Our son wanted a good running,stylish,sneaker. He is very happy with the sneaker. It is worth our money! His nike's always last a long time and stand the test of a 13 yr old!", "Jordans keep getting better and better as performance shoes.  I had the 2011's for hooping and these are 5x better as far as fit, grip, flexibility and ventilation.  I love them!!", "Ordered these for my husband and he loved them. True to size and fits the shape of his foot. Little narrow so don't purchase if you have a wider foot.", "The shoe has held up well and fit a wide foot well. We sometimes have trouble with Nike since my son has wide feet but they fit great and feel comfortable.", "I wear a size 9 shoe and had to get an 8 and 1/2 for this shoe but its a great basketball shoe.", "These are great shoes. They fit nicely and are very comfortable. I can't wait to get them on the court.", "This is a comfortable shoe.  Had problems with the company when it was ordered but can't blame that on the shoe.  It's very comfortable and fits perfect..", "My son plays high school basketball. He loves the grip on this shoe and said is is very comfortable. It is also a great looking shoe.", "The shoes fit just fine. Wish they had more colors this style. I know I would have got more pairs.", "The shoe is uncomfortable and the tongue slips down as soon as you take a step.  They are not good for running down the court.", "They look freakin cool, but the shoes didn't feel secure on my feet.  I felt like the heel cup was too loose and did not trust them to provide the ankle support I need as a bigger guy (6' 3&#34; 210 lbs). Ended up sending them back for a refund.", "I buy shoes all the time. But I really like these. They look good with your Nike gear. You know it looks great when your teenage kids start wearing your clothes. When all we guys want to do is grab something quick to wear w/out thinking about it much. Good thing I had two pair, because my teenage son luvs these shoes. They are really comfortable sort of spongy like walking on cotton candy. Highly recommended!", "Great product... Very comfy and light weight sneakers. They were exactly as advertised and true to fit. I would buy them again", "mine arrived with a stain in the back part of the shoes and it is not as useful as I thought i would be", "Absolutely love this shoe. Memory foam built in, light and breathable.  The tounge is built in but still has the normal laces and it goes below the ankle so regular socks are not the greatest with it. This shoe is amazing for anyone that is on their feet all day, athletics, and also for the ladies with problems of the feet (perfect for pregnant woman). True to the size, if you have extra wide feet these might not be for you, their not very narrow but these do come in B and not in W (example: size 7 B ) definitely going to get another pair just maybe in a different color.", "I love these shoes.  They fit snug to my feet and they're nice and light for my workouts.  I bought two pairs of these shoes since I liked them so much.", "Runs large but very comfortable and light weight. Shoelaces are a bit cheap. But overall I really like this shoe. I'm also just a light workout person. I don't run only lift, walk, and jump rope", "Wish I could find more. They are really exactly what I wanted.The colors are subtle yet trendy.These are my favorites.", "I usually wear a size 10.5 which is is size I normally wear.... They were at least a half size small.  Otherwise, they're a great looking and had they fit properly, I have no doubt they would be very comfortable.", "These shoes are lightweight and all-day-long comfortable. I'm a school custodian and on my feet all day, and my feet nef=ver feel tired or achy when I wear thses shoes. Probably will be getting another pair in a diffrent color combination.", "Shoes look great, feel good, a little snug. The design is more modest compared to a lot of the &#34;neon&#34; colored running shoes out lately.", "Looks amazing and feels even better. Lightweight, supportive and well cushioned. BEST SHOE EVER! Been a long time since I raved about a running shoe but this one totally deserves it.", "Usually any pair of Nike Frees that I get in size 14 fit perfect but these seem the be a little too tight. I have a skinny foot, but since these shoes are plastic and not neoprene or mesh, they don't stretch very well and the seem a little too heavy. I wouldn't purchase again.", "Ordered these for my teenage son and he loved them.  He said they were very comfortable and they are obviously stylish.  Highly recommend.", "I use it a lot. Very comfortable. Easy to clean. Good material and good product from China. Thank you very much.", "I ordered two pairs of these sneakers. They work great for my feet and look nice. I do a lot of walking in the city and they hold up well. My only complaint is the white bottom can get dirty easily.", "I bought these from a local shoe store but thought I would share my feedback for those looking into these. Normally I wear cheap DC loafers or something but seen these when taking a family member shoe shopping. These looked absolutely awesome and I could use a good pear of athletic shoes.I wore these for about a week and took them back. Number one, the back of these shoes was scraping into my Achilles's really bad. They got blistered and read. Number two, I was cleaning my room wearing these for only a couple hours and the instep of my foot got really sore (where the arch support in these shoes are is). Additionally the sides of my big toes hurt as well.I would hate to try running in these things. For $60 bucks, I was expecting a more comfortable shoe that wouldn't scrap the back of my Achille's. I returned these shoes. I wish they worked about because I loved the style of them but they were just hurting my feet a bit too much.", "I ordered this pair of shoes for my fianc&eacute; in a size 12.  He loves them and says they fit perfectly!", "Not quite as much support as I would like but I think I will get used to it. Satisfied with purchase.", "I love these shoes. I go hiking and walking in these shoes and they are very comfortable. They are nice and supportive on the feet so you have an extra bounce.", "Size small fits perfect, fast shipping also. Thank you for a wonderful item, I'll get a lot of use out of this shirt.", "It looks great on my daughter and she is very comfortable with the fit. The color blends with everything she wears.", "Couldn't wait for Boots to Arrive. On the day I was Supposed to get them they emailed me a stated the boots in my size were defective soo I never received them. I'm really hoping Nike makes more of this style as I've heard nothing but good things about them and I really like the way they look.", "i know that they are manufactured in china, and the culture values small feet.  but it feels more like a sports shoe rather than a boot.  so i don't wear wool socks with them unless they are not really thick.", "I chose a five star rating because I absolutely love these boots. A great purchase for the winter months and all the snow we've seen in NYC this winter, these durable and warm boots have kept my feet dry during the most ugly of snow storms. I literally wear these boots all the time.", "i ordered these pair of shoes and they came on the may 3, 2013 and i thought these nice shoe were i repeat were going to fit but they didn't because they were somewhat to big and i was really disappoint with the shoes. I haven't tryed on the shoes until today because i thought they were going to fit but they didn't and now i have a problem. I'm wondering if i should return them and get a pair of different shoes for the same price so this problem could be resolveed. To those who are looking to buy these shoes i wouldn't because you might not get the size that you want, the style looks great its just they might trick you with the size so i give all this 1 star until this could be resolved", "Its all he wears every day to school. In a fashion conscious area (bellevue of the greater eastside ofthe lake washington corridor. Thats something to be said.", "The fit was good just the right size as what should be expected from Nike. The shoe was comfortable a good walk around shoe not ideal for running but a good basic athletic shoes.", "Wish I can give 5 to these sneakers as they look super amazing, but, they are somewhat narrow to my feet and eventually my toes end up in pain.Other than that, the sole is really comfortable, I ALMOST fully enjoyed walking in those.", "These are great shoes, you will have to break in but after a couple of weeks you will love these shoes. I have 2 pairs of these.", "Great shoe that gives you a little street cred (I could use a lot more). The safari print makes it really unique, thus making you seem unique as well. Comfortable shoe that works well with shorts or pants. Good value too.", "They are comfortable, I think something expensive in relation to the product. The color of the logo does not match the photo, really were blue.", "these are one of the best shoes i've ever had.... classic, very comfortable and elegant! big five stars. consider half size down though.", "Search criteria: Vintage Nike'sThey just don't make 'em like they used to.  The color, style and feel are all great.  These shoes scream vintage Nike and that is exactly what I am looking for.", "Very happy with the sneakers, wanted them two years ago when they retro'd but thank god I got them now for half price! And fast shipping! Very satisfied!", "It was not purchased for my use but the feedback was positive. It fit really well and of course was the envy at the party.", "I bought a size 12. I like buying my shoes 1/2 size bigger and these are tight. The shoe strings also come lose while wearing them", "Because my son simple adored and it was everything fine with size a shipment. I recomend it. Thank you very much.", "I wear Most nike products. they have good cushion and durability. I play more than one sport, so this shoe is perfect.", "My husband loves these shoes so much I bought 3 pairs different colors. These shoes last. I won't buy him any other brand! These last!", "They arrived on time, fit well, but....the inside sole padding started to come loose with the 1st day of wear. I'm not surprised by this since this isn't my 1st pair of Cortez I've evr owned (this has been a problem with these shoes before). Bottom line, these shoes are for style, not durability. With that in mind, they're like they've always been for me over the years, ok....", "The only reason I rated these only 4 is &#34;Obsidian&#34; is apparently Dark Blue? I thought black...Had to dye them...Perfect!", "I have wanted these sneakers since I was a kid. I was never able to find them in colors I liked, until now. The quality is excellent and they arrived early. They are comfortable and just have that classic look. Very well made. I would order again.", "I love the shoes they the price was very good my kids really love them had been wanting them for a while!!!", "I bought a pair of brown tip Clean Sweeps from Foot Locker in 2013.. I've been looking for the all black pair ever since then!! I just so happened to search for them on Amazon and they had them in my size!! I received the shoes in less than a week, in original box and packaging.. I still get compliments on my old pair so I know these are going to get action too!! LOL.. Thanks!!!", "Wldve gave all stars but like so many high top sneakers I buy they rub my ankle plus it seems as if ever sneaker I buy off of amazon are made of really tough material..good sneak for the price..received a lot of compliments", "Good quality, Cortez are so hard to scuff and they are easy too clean. I recommend you try a pair I have four different colors", "Leather is a little tough and will take some time to break in but it's just as pictured.  Really like these shox.", "I have oodles of shoes & I'm not a fan of these! I was looking for a pair of Nike shox to replace my old ones. Well these I've worn quite a bit and they just don't want to loosen up and break in! I spend 8hrs on my feet @ work & my feet were killing me! I tried inserts and even taking my insoles from my old pair and putting them in these-not much better...would suggest buying mesh shox!!!", "Never in my life have i worn a more comfortable pair of shoes. I love these! The only reason i gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because they run a little small. After wearing them a few days though they are broken in and fit just fine! Love them!", "I absolutely love these shoes! Perfect for lifting! I'd like to buy more but idk where I can find them", "Got a pair, and the post did not say wether they are true size or not. I bought my size and they are too small. I would go up a half size from your normal size if you want to buy! I wish someone would have put this in the description.", "This shoes is about 2 sizes too small. Such a disappointment! Now I have to return them and go through more hassle. Seems like a knock off.", "So I was a little worried about getting this package today because all of the other reviews but when it showed up and I opened the box I was more then happy with my purchase. They weren't falling apart, they are not cheaply made, I didn't see any glue lines,  the soles were not hard , in fact they were exactly what I expected and wanted. Very cute shoes!  The only thing that I did find to be true about the other reviews is that this shoe does run small there for I would definitely recommend ordering a half size lager", "Son is picky with his kicks as he says lol and the toe creased within an 8 hr period of just sitting around. For the money they should be better made.", "I like these. They are comfortable and casual and I like the color a lot. I like the simple design. I will like them even more after they stop looking so new.", "I'm not even sure it was Nike.  It was about 2 sizes smaller than what the size said (couldn't barely even get my foot in the shoe), and it was very cheaply made and very cheap plastic.  I smell a rat.", "Any Nike product is of excellent quality. The 2 types of lenses, black and brown, filtered sunlight as expected to do so. Also the design is very striking.", "Nice shoe, came as expected only issue was that we noticed some dirt on both toes, as if someone wore them before...otherwise good purchase for the price.", "Bought these for my daughter and she loves them! Comfort & style.... A winner!! Will be wearing them for field hockey as well!", "My daughter loves the cleats and they are comfortable, but she is a pitcher and has only wore them a couple of times and is already getting a hole by the toe.", "we just got her a pair of Nike shoes and these cleats ran just a tad larger than the shoes (which is good for us as she is still growing like a weed).  She loves them.", "this item was too small so we sent it back and ordered a larger size, my grand daughter was sorry to see them go back because she loved the color and would have like to wear them to her game on the day she received them, well we all have to sacrifice something like i told her. The next pair are real nice too,,,,", "Very cute shoes. Comfortable and durable. I just love how these look and feel. I would purchase again. Go nike", "The fit and function of these cleats is great, so we'll keep buying them, but the soles do split apart from the shoes after a while.  Seems like we need to replace them every 6 months of hard use.  I hear this is typical for soccer cleats, but I know the Adidas ones did not have this issue.  (On the other hand, they were not as nice to play in...)", "Great fit, nice cushioning inside.Robust, loosened up after using a couple of times, have a minor problem with laces, which loosen up sometimes", "This shoes fit awesome... I have a problem with width on many boots ... especially in the heal.  This fit really well in heal and in toebox... and people can't miss you on the floor.  Matched with my royal blue socks they look a little oompa loompaish...", "Looks even better in person...fits well...comfortable and very very nice to look at...if u wanna stand out...this is for u...", "muy buenos zapatos para el futbol sala , son comodos , resistentes y de muy llamativo color . el naranja se ve exelente en unos zapatos deportivos", "Great leather shoes (one of the few ones left in the futsal world).A sizing tip... I'm 11 M US on adidas.... had to order a size 12 on this nike model.", "Amazing shoes! Delivered earlier than i thought..This shoe has a very good fit especially for those who have narrow feet. Good feel for the ball and  overall very happy with my purchase!", "BUENOS TACOS, LLEGARON A VENEZUELA EN BUEN ESTADO. EL VENDEDOR MUY RESPONSABLE Y EFICIENTE. LOS RECOMIENDO. ESPERO DISFRUTAR DE OTROS PRODUCTOS", "These shoes are perfect for soccer and they are very comfortable also. The description matches exactly and the size is perfect.", "This bag is currently marked as $50.00 on the finish line website. I was going to buy it here but the price is too high. I will still be purchasing this bag, just from somewhere else.", "It has everything I need. I was expecting the material to be a bit sturdier, but it's fine, and I like how light it is.", "They are not very comfortable.  They hurt my toes and I would not recommend them to anyone.  I usually like Nike products.", "I love these shoes and they are very hard to find.  Perfect shoe especially for off road.I wished they would continue making this model of shoe because it is well designed and has the large toe box..Was so glad to find them.thank you", "Love these shoes, great cushion. I run in these, do boot camp in them and have had no issues! also, they are so cute", "Lunarglides are the most comfortable shoe I've ever had on my feet . They are so light and soft .i would recommend these shoes to anyone who works standing all day or if you walk or run. Never had shoe that didn't rub my feet for the first few days I wore them. These shoe don't rub with or without socks . I have 3 pairs and I love them . Seller was ahead of time on delivery.", "Omg I love these shoes . I wear nike's but never lunarglide 4 these are the mot comfortable running shoes I've ever had on my feet. The color is awesome , being a purple lover. I would recommend these shoes to anyone that has to walk a lot , or stand on your feet all day. And running . Seller was fast.", "have 3 pairs great colours wore the 1st pair on 3 mile beach walk no blisters just comfortable fabulous shoes", "I bought these for my sister, who has very normal size 7.5 feet, and they fit her perfectly.  I always get her Nike, as I know it will fit (which is great since she can't very well try them on if they are a gift).  She liked the look/colors a lot.  Mostly though, they are very comfortable for her and predictably fit well.  I've probably bought her about 5-6 pairs of Nikes, all 7.5, over the years, and they always fit perfectly.I'm not a runner, so I won't comment on that aspect, but she tells me that her feet do not over/underpronate, are neither wide nor narrow, and have normal arches - and that Nike fit her best.", "I LOVE the color....nice & vibrant....I've received several compliments. They're extremely comfortable for running, walking, aerobics, zumba the treadmill and elliptical...", "Love the shoes.  This is my third pair and I have to say, this is my favorite yet!!  Sturdy for trail running yet very light and easy on the feet.  I wear professional orthotics inside the shoe and this, combined with the quality of the shoe makes my feet very happy.  I will definitely buy the next model as the Nike Air Pegasus is the perfect shoe for those of us who run a little heavy and need the extra support.", "Very comfortable shoes. My wife really likes the color. Air soles are the most comfortable shoes on the market. Buy these.", "These wear  a gift for my daughter. She throughly enjoyed them. They for work and walking, the comfortable and fit great and loves this product", "All great shipping took a bit long but shoes r great. Will defy order again. Fit and look was just as stated.", "I have never ordered any shoes or clothing online because I am hard to fit.  These shoes are perfect and I will be ordering more in the future.  Thank you!", "I am a Nike athletic shoe lover. Because I have a narrow foot and also am flat-footed, I have been buying Nike shoes for years because they offer a wide-range of shoes that offer good stability and motion-control. They also run narrower than most other brands. These are a good replacement for my old favorite, the Structure Triax.", "El producto le sirvi&oacute; a la perfecci&oacute;n a mi esposa. El dise&ntilde;o y la calidad, t&iacute;pico de Nike, es de &oacute;ptimas condiciones. Recomiendo estos zapatos para caminar y trotar (bueno, fueron hechos para eso). EXCELENTE PRODUCTO!!!!", "These shoes are extremely comfortable, have a great arch, and are by far my favorite tennis shoes. Very satisfied with this purchase!", "Soooo happy with these running shoes...my feet feel as if I am in slippers and are so cool and breathable for summer wear@school and anyplace else. Fit me well as I have a narrow foot. So pleased I purchased three colors since they were so great for the price!", "I rarely buy new shoes but I love these!  They are so comfortable, much more so than the New Balances I usually buy.", "Im very excited , i have this very good shoes, now i can run to everywhere, and go to the gym.", "I love the color of the shoes, and the breathable fabric, but for some reason, this shoe rubs against my foot at my bit toe, and is a very uncomfortable fit.", "I bought these for my youngest daughter's 15th birthday present and she LOVES LOVES LOVES them!!! Thank You so much!", "I love pink and I love gray!! These shoes are very nice and very comfy!!:) And they had arrived fast!", "I bought this shoe for my daughter who is doing some running to increase her stamina for dance. Nikes are her best fit and she loves these. The flexible sole seems to keep shin splints at bay.", "My sister loved the shoes I gave her. Are great to run. And also love the desing. Good product thanks", "I love these shoes! I love them so much, I have three different colored pairs of them! They are comfortable enough for you to walk around in all day the first day you get them. Because of the mesh, there is a minimal breaking in period.", "I am very satisfied with this shoe. The color is great and the fit is perfect. They are very light and comfortable. Would definately buy again in a different color. Only complaint is that they were a little tight by the toes at first but once i got them broken in they were great!", "i really loved the nike flex experience rn the size was great, the colours really lovely!! the model very confortable", "I buy these a half size larger than I usually wear and I'm a walker not runner but from the moment I put them on I've loved them! This particular model of the Nike Flex is so incredibly lightweight that until you actually handle the shoe, you won't believe it. This exact style has been modified midfoot on the outside of the shoe and I can't say how the inside fits, but this particular model is heaven for my achy middle aged feet. I already completely wore one pair out, this is my second.", "order this sneakers in the right size but they did not fit right was tight on the toes. sent it back took a long time for my refund............ still waiting.", "The sneaker fits nice, and offers alot of support. be careful when you order - the product claims to be wide-width, but when you order, look at the sizes, not all are wide width!  B's are regular, C/D is wide.", "My last pair of Nike sneakers lasted 3 years ! This is a well made product that is quality plus. I wear them everyday and have really put them to the test. Shipped quickly . Nike does run a bit small as I have experienced in the past, so while I normally wear a 5 1/2. I ordered a 6. Perfect, and its not always easy to find smaller sizes available.  But  Nikes got them ! Yay Nike, and Amazon ! Great price.", "There beautiful. and all the drama and hell i Gave ups,fox news and amazon.com the shoes were well worth the hassel and i actually got the pink and gray ones. loved it. and sorry amazon customer serverice", "I put them on and never had to break them in. They are super comfy and i love running in them because they have great support and are light weight", "These shoes are great for comfort. I don't do much running but love to go walking or to the park with my kids in them! They look great with jeans too! Would reccomend :)", "I really like these shoes. I would highly recommend these for anyone who has to work and be on their feet all day. It feels as though I'm walking on carpet. I look forward to purchase more similar to these in a different colors", "they are a great fit I wore them to work all day and they were comfortable , I really like them .", "These are by far my fave sneakers now I just can't live without them; they are just so comfy & cute!", "I purchased the Nike Women's DOWNSHIFTER 5 Running Shoes.  They fit great.  Great experience shopping online.  Would recommend and plan to purchase again in the future when the need arises.", "I love this sneaker. I have narrow feet and these fit fantastic. They are well made and very comfortable for this 60+ lady.They are still comfortable after wearing all day and the colors are so nice, right in style!", "I chose this rating because the shoe was just a bout everything I expected, comfort, quality and good looks. I didn't give it a 5 so that it had some room to improve. I would recommend this product to anyone. It's the Nike brand, what can I say?", "I bought this as a present for my gf.she loves then, they are very confortable, light and they look great.", "love these running shoes. Doing the Color me Rad 5k looking forward to wearing these shoes, not happy to get them dirty ...beautiful looking running shoe, colors are amazing", "I love these shoes!! I don't regret buying these...but they are not suitable for rain. Other than that, it's fine!!", "Very good quality shoes. They are Very comfy an even though brand new! Definitely recommend! Going for Nikes from now on.", "I purchased these for my mom and she LOVED them!! They fit perfect! AND LOOKED VERY CUTE and i loved the color", "Super comfortable, i love those. i am going to gym and doing zumba in those! very satisfied with this purchase.", "probably the most comfortable shoe I currently own. First shoe I didn't have to break in. Relaced them to widen the toe box, lots of give due to the mesh/fabric. I love them!", "The running shoes were gift and the recipient expressed great satisfaction.The shoes lived up to lofty expectations. Thank you.", "These Lebron James nike elites were very comfortable and well fitting. They are great for basketball and I highly reccomend them for baskeball players.", "Bought 2 pair for my teenage sons for basketball. They love them. Not a bad price for the quality. They will last a long time. Worth the extra $$", "My 12 year old loves these socks and I always pick him up a few new pair a month.  I usually get them at the Navy Exchange for much cheaper, but I am deployed right now so this is my only option.  I don't mind paying an extra couple of dollars to make him happy while I am away!", "My son loves these socks as well as all Nike Elite Basketball Crew Socks.  I know they are somewhat pricey, but they last a long time.  I wash these socks 3 times a week and they look brand new.  The cushion and compression are perfect for my 14 year old.", "Not like swaggy underarmour but still the coolest beans socks my eyes have every looked on swaggy nike beans elits.", "This shoes is very Dynamic Support Platform & lightweight & Comfortable.I recommedn it, best shoes ever I had since long time.", "I have a very flat, wide foot, and the Lunarlon accommodates my abnormal feet very well. They barely needed to be broke in, breathe well, and provide the balance of cushion AND support for a flat foot. I run about 20 minutes every other day on a treadmill or outside and have experienced a great workout without the worry of foot pain. For most my life I've worn Adidas (I'm a soccer player), but they can't compare to Nike with my specific needs.", "I would buy another pair if a different shade.  I like the stability in this shoe and it was in runners world in 2012 as the only pair of Nike running shoes to be mentioned.I definitely recommend this Nike running shoe over other ones if you plan to do alot of running.", "This is one of the best Nike shoes I have ever owned. They have a solid feel different from some Nike shoes. Very comfortable and stable. Also a great look, even better than the photo.", "Fit great and they are really light weight. Would recommend to anyone. Love the colors, the neon color on the shoe is reflective and makes you feel safe.", "I wear a size 13 and i have wide feet.  The shoes are very light and flexible.  However around where the top of my foot ends and the toes start it gets pretty tight right there.  May just need some breaking in and as i had mentioned shoes are flexible.  They are not like cutting into the tops of my feet or leaving marks but just something that is noticeable.  After wearing a few times and working my feet around in them they seems to be loosening up a bit.", "It fits perfectly it works great and it's awesome it's a really nice pair of Nike running trail shoes .", "I bought these for trail running but have found that I like wearing them all the time. Great shoe for a good price.", "these shoes have a extraordinary color, are very original, when I run for the night are very nice, very good product", "I ordered these shows for my 13 year old grandson. He loved them because he said they are light weight, wears well, and look good! As long as he's satisfied, I am. The price was reasonable compared to some others I checked, but still expensive for a growing boy. He has changed shoe sizes 3 times in the last 6 months! They were delivered on time as promised.", "febble doesn't stuck as like other snikers. I love it. Also light as feathers. If I had another chance, I would buy this again", "The color id very beatifull and the shows its very ligth. Excelente for go and run long time. I recoment this product", "My son loved these shoes very light and durable. Very satisfied w these shoes plus my son is an auburn fan so loved colors", "great product with a good price,enjoyed running using my new pair of vomero7,waitin for the new vomero 8 to try it", "This is what he says really. He goes to gym and claims he tirelessly walks and runs on the band. He never felt more comfortable in a running shoe pair.", "They were a little bit small but I sent them back and received my money back straight away. Good seller. The shoes were great, just the size didnt work for us. I will buy again.", "I needed shoes that would provide strong support without being heavy &#34;clunkers&#34;.  These fit my needs  exactly .Be careful about sizing, though.  Through experimentation, I have found that Nike men's shoes are a better fit for me than women's sizes.  As others have said, Nikes do run small--so be careful.  Other than that, I have no criticisms about the appearance or workmanship of these shoes.", "Nike siempre investigando y desarrollando los mejores calzados para todas las disciplinas deportivas, este modelo espec&iacute;fico, encuentra un excelente balance entre el peso, dise&ntilde;o y color....", "Very comfortable, wear without socks, great looking...reasonably priced Nike shoes.I receive compliments all the time great looking with jeans or khakis...", "These are my son's favorite sneaker. He's gotten a pair every year for school, and as his feet grow we always replace with the next size of Nike dual fusion. Comfortable, light, durable...a great all-around shoe!", "This footwear is very comfortable and fits perfectly. It also allows proper ventilation. It has a good grip on the ground. I love it just the way it is.", "AL ELEGIR ESTA CADENA E LLEGADO A VERIFICAR LA GRAN RESPONSABILIDAD QUE POSEEN EN LA ENTREGA DE SUS PRODUCTOS Y LA SERIEDAD DE LA EMPRESA", "These shoes are what I would expect from a name like Nike.  Comfortable, lightweight and have a very high quality feel to them.  I am  not always been a Nike fan (especially concerning their boots) but these shoes have met and exceeded my expectations.  I also feel the colors are very vibrant without being too &#34;loud&#34;. To me they feel amazing to run in and very supportive.  Of course Nike feels sized slightly small to me so I always order about a half size larger than I need (ordered a 13 where I fit in 12.5's and rarely 12's in other brands) so I would just keep that in mind. Great work Nike!", "I don't run/jog really, but I do take my dog for long walks and occasionally do run a block or so with her.  I usually wear a size 11 in almost all shoes and went with 11.5 for these and they fit perfectly.  So I'd suggest going up a 1/2 size from your typical leisure shoe size.  The price was good and I like how they fit and look.", "Comfortable, everyone who sees them wants them.  The last pair of nikes i bought had an embarrassing squeak to them when i walked.  These do not.", "Nike is always has a good products and i am loving it.Nike is always has a good products and i am loving it.", "pretty, fresh, confortable and light shoes, just i requiered, to walk, run, and more. like all nike produtc's. 100 % recommended", "These are a great buy! Lightweight, comfortable, and they do a good job of supporting my feet. I've never had workout shoes I liked better. For the money these are great shoes.", "These shoes are decent. Me and some other friends used them for marching band and noticed that on all pairs the rubber waffle has started coming off. Besides this the shoes were very comfortable and had great grip.", "These shoes are great for my son, he stands on his feet all day working and the help his feet feel good. Loves the color combo.", "Great ItemMy hubby really likes them, worked out great for our hiking trip; we will be ordering more similar shoes in the future.", "Nice shoe and exactly as advertised. I had a different version of the shoe last year and really liked them. I highly recommend the shoes.", "Just started running and this shoe not only looks great, it feels great. It's light weight and very comfortable. Great all around.", "I am very happy with this shoe for my son.  It is true to size and is very comfortable.  We purchased it for running and training for football.  There are &#34;hotter&#34; colors, but my son is more plain.  He loves it!!", "BUEN CALZADO MUY BUENO LIGERO COMODO MUY BONITO LO RECOMIENDO ME ENCANTA Q MAS SE PUEDE DECIR ES PERFECTO PARA MI", "Yes, daughter... Some ladies have wide feet, Nike Men's to the rescue!  They fit her well, are comfy, and had a short break in, so she's happy.", "My son loves brand names, I love comfort. I guess we both won with Nike. Light weight shoe that can be worn all day and dries fast should they get wet.", "Not bad, I wish it could last me more.  It wore out but still comfortable to use for just walking around the house.  I enjoy it while it last, good product.", "Very comfortable and light. Seems to keep my feet cool. Thankfully not gaudy. Good shoe for the price, would buy again.", "great sneaker, came at reasonable time. nothing bad to say. love the color, and she will be buying more to come", "Good long sleeve shirt made of a wool blend.  Keeps me warm while not being too bulky when running.  It does however, have a tendency to smell a bit when wet.", "I run about 30 miles a week and use this wool zip fleece jacket a lot.  This has a great fit and it stays dry.", "El sueter es muy lindo. Lo recomiendo 100%. Me encanto. El color es perfecto. El sueter se ajusta al cuerpo de manera increible. Es sencillamente bueno", "i have nothing to say really please let me shop this is ridiculous please go away really I just wat toshop ok really I just want to shop okay please for me do that.", "My son (12) loved these shoes.  He had to have black, grey or white shoes for school.  The color on the bottom is much brighter than the image shown, but he loved that.", "ordered for my son who absolutely loves them and wears them every day. Super light and great color. will probably order another pair.", "my grandson said the new nike free run 3 are the best shoes he has had he wares them everywhere but to bed", "This is my grandson's 2nd pair.  He wears them all the time.  He likes the fact that they are light weight and flexible.", "Nike Women's lunarMTRL + Running Shoe, 522346 606, Pink Flash/Pure Platinum/Voltage Cherry What size is left?  This shoe is really cute and I would be interested if I knew the size!", "They fit great and are comfortable. They should have made the Velcro strap a bit longer so I leave it unhooked.", "They are a little pricey but, they look great on my daughter for school and the gym. She is 10 yrs. and they fit true to size.", "Excelente calzado para la pr&aacute;ctica del soccer, adem&aacute;s de la excelente imagen.... Muy buen producto, dise&ntilde;ado y construido para jugadores exigentes", "good for boy  na ana na na na na na ana  na na na anan an an an a a", "They are a great indoor shoe for the price. They fit nice and she loves the way they look. She believes they make her run faster", "I chose this product because it was the cheapest among similar items. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to run in cold weather.", "Love love love! I had these when I was a kid and it feels as if I'm young again. I want black ones now!", "Good quality exactly what i needed for an outgoing two year, old who gets into every and anything. Jumping,tumbling, flipping", "Super easy to it on. My son is a bit difficult when it comes to putting on shoes. Would buy again", "I love these sneakers and how they look on my daughter.  What a great fit and great design.I wish you could get more like this and in different colors. I would buy more.", "the sneakers are nice but I want a different color. It will work. My son uses it to ride his bike.", "My daughter has about 5 pairs of Nike sneakers and for some reason this one is really snug and hard to put on her.", "Hope fullfiledExcelent choose...!!! Excelent service!!! Recommend this shoe and service by all means...Thank you!Little miss smiles whe she shes new shoes...", "Boots Are not the color on photo, they are an ugly jean blue nowhere near the color posted... rediculously unfair", "I purchased these for my daughter and she loves them.  She wears them a lot and the fit is perfect.", "I wear a 34C regular bra and this in size medium works great for me.  Stays where it should and does not cause any discomfort while running or working out.", "My 8 year old son likes they way they feel, and the socks fit well, but they've been leaving a lot of lint around the house and in his sneakers.  We washed before wearing. Maybe it will change after repeated washes since I have not seen this complaint from anyone else.", "I got what I needed to get, the quality is really superior . very comfortable,fit well and wash well. I'd buy them again in the future if I needed to buy more.", "both of my children wanted these for volleyball as they like the comfort and padding/wicking they provide. Good quality and price.", "would really like to also get these in white too - but I need black for work -  great socks - nike  keep well washing after washing  -ty", "The product is great. They fit good. Last very long. Good pricing for the amount of socks you get in the package.", "I've been looking for a black sock to wear with black pants, and like nike brand. I couldn't find these in the women's department so I decided to try a boy's size.  They work, though the elastic is a little snug, I wouldn't recommend if you have muscular or large calves.", "These socks fit my 10 year old boy with a size 4 shoe perfectly.  He likes their heavier weight.  They are lasting very well with lots of wear for sports.  Preferred over the similar Adidas crew socks, which we also purchased, due to stretch, wicking, and fit.", "This is our daughter's first year in softball and we weren't certain what sort of cleats to buy.  After consulting with her coach, we opted for this in the brighter, pink colors.  Not only do they fit her well (we sized them a bit larger to accommodate socks), but she wanted to wear them around the neighborhood!  We trust the Nike brand and the fun colors and styling on these shoes made her expectation for softball even better.", "I love this jacket! It fits well and is not bunchy. The Dri-fit lining is only on the core (not in the sleeves) but this is fine for me. It's perfect for spring running and has plenty of ventilation. It could also be used for an extra layer under a ski jacket, rain coat, or wind breaker. I love the color as well. Just perfect.", "My baby looks great in them. They do meet my expectations. Now all three of us have matching shoes. (mom, dad, and baby)", "these are some nice looking shoes but they come a lil tight. other than that theyre great i wear them the most out of all the other j's i have", "Got these as a replacement for Nike zoom vomero series. I LOVED vomero's due to their top notch cushioning. However, on the latest version they decided to stiffen them up and reduce the cushioning. So people recommended the Pegasus. They are excellent shoes but I think they are still not as well cushioned as the original zoom vomero's...oh well, keep searching I guess.", "I just purchased these shoes and I love how they look; the colors are great. I'm not a big fan of high top shoes, so I was glad that these are more of a low top. The support is great. The shoes are more narrow than most basketball shoes I have owned. The only issue I have with them is that their narrow build makes them very form fitting and a bit tight around the top of the foot. The price is high but having purchased them I would do it again. Hope this is helpful.", "I bought this for my 7th grader and he loves it. It has plenty of room and it's very durable for school and sports. The only down side was when I ordered it, we ordered the bue one because that's his favorite color but the gray one is what we got. Still very happy though...", "Great product. Came in a decent time, was clean and brand new. Will use it every time I go hiking. I like the adjustable straps and two pockets.", "Nike products seem to be very popular at my son and daughter's school, and this gymsack is no exception.  It's durable and well made, and comes in some nice colors.  The price is reasonable as well.", "Great color and sizeFits shoes books and water bottles just greatGreat for athletes, easy to Cary around , and looks good", "i really like this gymsack, fit my soccer shoes and more, color its great and just what I expected, fast shipping and good packing, very satisfied", "very good and fits me pretty much. also, it can hold lots of stuffs. i love it very much yes.", "Gift for my nephew he loves nike items. We was strolling on the Internet and this bag was eye catching to him...", "Great little bag for times when a giant gym bag is too much!  Great price and speedy service.  My husband loves it!", "I've always been a fan of Nike products, this bag is great and even has a vented side for your gym shoes, towel or whatever you want.  Does what I need it to do so I am one happy customer - also package came on time.", "Perfect thank you very much  very easy shopping  I will shop again through the Web site definitely again  loved it", "I originally bought these for my husband just because he asked for them. When they arrived, he was at work. He was so surprised. He had no clue that I bought them. I bought them a size too big because they didn't have his actual size. Nevertheless, when he tried them on they fit him perfectly. He is happy and so am I. He actually wants about five more pairs to complete his Nike Cortez collection. So hopefully we can find the other four pairs through your store. Thanks for helping me to make my hubby lover happy!", "My husband loves his sneakers.  They look even better on than in the pic! Try them!!Highly recommend these sneakers", "great shoe but this shoe I bpught for my son... it didnt seem like a girls shoe. live the shoe tgough great colors. very durbal eady wash up that doesnt show wear and tear when doing so.", "cool pants. i ordered a large. i am like a size 36 and these are too tight around the waist,  need to lose a couple pounds for these.", "the fabric is lookingcheap, the size of il is too small and narrow. it doesnt look like nike quality product.", "Excellent for golfing. . . snug fit, can rest on a cap without falling. The golf lens works in bight light but still allows good sight in the shade or on cloudy days. I now prefer it for driving (in very bight/direct sun a darker tint is still better). They do seem a bit fragile, but very lightweight. Very satisfied after 1 month.", "My son wears them over  and  over he loves them they f it  perfectly I love them  they  are perfect  better  than  what  I found  in stores", "LOVE this shoe....geret support. Can't find them in stock anywhere. If anyone knows where I can find them please let me know here. I have searched web sites after web sites, even contracted the Nike site. No luck.", "I really thought this shoe was trimmed in pink but it is a flourescent orange! The picture says pink/white so I am not happy with the color. I also see that the actual price of the shoe is 37.99 so the 15.00 extra is tacked on for shipping I guess.It is a light weight shoe and it would probably be comfortable for me if it were wider. I am undecide about my purchase.", "I'm not sure if these socks were authentic Nikes. They don't feel like any nike sock I've purchased from a department store. The swoosh logo was off center and the sock keeps leaving those black fuzzes all over my feet when I wear them as if the sock is falling apart already. Not very durable at all. I would be hesitant to purchase again.", "Nice socks for wearing around the house: especially as we have a lot of tile floors and my feet get cold.They wear nicely and are comfortable.", "I ordered the original version of this item - a black shirt with blue accents. Amazon mis-matched the shirt with the wrong description and the seller provided a black shirt with no blue accents because it original was discontinued. The seller, Games People Play, went above and beyond to satisfy my concerns and provided a discount. I highly recommend them.", "bought them as a gift.the fit is great, they are super light, super comfortable, great choice of colors... cant complain. they are beautiful.", "Looks: This is solely a matter of opinion. I really like minimal/uniform designs. When I find a pair of shoes I like, I buy more than 1 pair, because I am about as picky as they come. That being said, so far I have the black/grey color scheme and I love the look. People have commented on how nice they look just about every time I wear them.Comfort: This is likely a unique issue, but in the beginning there was a stiff thread that was sticking me in the top of my foot. I snipped it and since then they are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. I have the old Nike Free 5.0 V4's (2 pair) and they were previously the best I had tried in this category. The stretch mesh upper and the covering that is sort of melted on (not sure what to call this process) feels like wearing a sock on your foot. The sole combines the midsole and outsole into one, eliminating extra bulk and staying true to the barefoot agenda. The tongue is sewn into place (there is stitching there, not sure I could call it a tongue really) and since the upper is stretchy, it is still really easy to get these on. It also eliminates that annoying tongue sliding off-center issue shoes sometimes have (even with that slot for the laces this happens to me often). The added siping (slits) in the arch area make this shoe the most flexible I have ever owned. They breathe extremely well also.Gym Use: I like this shoe a lot for the added feel it gives me, especially when training legs or calves. It is also super comfortable for general exercises and gives me the minimal support I need.Running: I have only run up to 2 miles at a time so far in these, so I can't comment much on that aspect. They have been adequate, although those not used to a barefoot type design may experience arch/foot fatigue after a couple miles. I hadn't worn my old Nike Free's in about a year and noticed some fatigue at about that point.Durability: Not much to say about that either, but based on my old Nike Free's they look to have the potential to hold up well. Just a side note, if any of you consider washing these shoes, do not dry them in a dryer. Seems obvious, but I did it and even on the lowest heat setting the material used for the soles meted away in a couple spots. So don't do that.Verdict: if you like a more supportive shoe, these might not be for you. If you like Nike Frees in general or a barefoot/minimal design, these are the best out there in my opinion and closer to the barefoot rating (0-10 is the scale with 0 being barefoot). Great looks and more comfortable than anything else I have ever tried on.", "My son has been working out and loves these long sleeve shirts for his early morning work outs especially in the winter.", "Anyone who is a retro shoe collector like me would be happy to add these to their growing collection. I was lucky enough to find them for my size and being the last ones made it a must-have. I was a bit shocked when I found out they were $1099 and was a bit disappointed to say I wouldn't have another piece of history of Nike to have. I added them to my wish list and was notified they were on sale for $73, I was happy to say I quickly ordered the shoes to find they were as I thought and another purchase I intend to keep!", "I purchased these shoes a couple of weeks ago, and they are phenomenal. The colors are extremely vibrant, more so than they appear in the photo. I have used them 5 times when playing tennis and they feel great. They are made of top grade leather, and the cushioning is very comfortable. I'm going to continue to purchase the Zoom Vapor 9 Tour shoes for both tennis as well as everyday usage. Highly recommended.", "Great Sneakers And Would Definitely BuY More In The Future.....Fit, Color, Comfortable To Wear...Was Always A Fan Of Nike.", "These sneakers seem very durable but not as refined as expected. They are Nikies so the expectations are high -- somewhat disappointed.", "Every body would stop me and ask me what are those. Those are hot etc... I can't even bilieve it my self but these have a REALY nice colorway on them. These are Must buy. I also do recommend this product", "want these soooooooooooo bad for my bfbeen looking for a size 8 for over a year now. he wanted it for his birthday and i was not able to get it for him. i would loooove to get it in time for him though....lucky for those of u who got them", "I really like the Nike air max r4 running shoes. It feel very comfortable and there are very highly quality made. I did buy two of these. I highly recommend it. I believe you would appreciate the running shoes Nike made.", "A nice combination of colors, seem like they offer good ankle protection by the height and will last a long time on outside courts / cement. The out-sole seem super durable.", "i love them. i love air max 90's but other than my blue ones these are my favorite. match the baltimore Ravens colors perfect, thats y i bought them and not regretting it. it came in super fresh box and all got to love that new sneaker smell.", "I always wear these when I play basketball.  I feel naked and just not the same without them.  It could be OCD but these do look and feel great.I am 6 feet tall and they go up to my knees.You may have to wear socks over them because they are very thin.Enjoy.", "It takes a bit of extra pull to put this on but besides that its great. Looks vibrant at night like glow in the dark.", "Needed a replacement for travel soccer team. This was the best price and best deal out there.  It's a good sock that doesn't stretch out.", "The socks were great except for the fact that they came in the wrong color. These lime neon green socks were not the ones i ordered but by the time i received them it was too late to return them for a new pair since it was a gift.", "I have been looking for the shoes for a long time and finally I found the the good price and good services.", "Great thanks so much i sent it to my nephew as a gift and he loves it! Very comfotable too.", "CAME EARLIER THAN EXPECTED. KUDOS GUYS!! XD THIRTEEN WORDS REQUIRED..... ITS ALL I HAVE TO SAY.GOOD JOB. LAST TWO", "This Backpack practically carried me to mount everest it was so light. Very Nice. Great Everywhere you go. So many different pockets for when I'm on the go. The only thing it's missing is a coffee machine for work on Monday mornings. WOW!!! Shout outs to BABY J'Sus", "They look GREAT however putting them on they are a tight fit, but they dont pich the feet either so, just trying to keep it &#34;real&#34; Not that anyone asked but I intend on only wearing these on carpet and not outside ever, also I plan on buying another pair", "Theses are the best sneakers I have ever purchased. From day one there has been no blisters or aches.They were comfortable from the get go and way cheeper to buy through Amazon than in NZ !", "Just what I was looking for. Enough room for all my stuff but not too fat. It doesn't have extra layers for id, etc", "The shoes arrived early, which is always a good thing!  My husband was very pleased when he opened the box.", "Don't get me wrong this is a really COMFORTABLE shoe! The cushions are made of memory foam so each step feels like you are walking on air!  The colors are vibrant and it's a cool looking shoe.  Only problem is that this shoe appears to be quite long.  As we all know Nike runs slightly small so I was surprised when I put these on.  I ordered a women's 8 but to me these things look long on my foot... but who cares how long your foot \"looks\" when you are working out lol Best part about this shoe is the tongue is attached to the body of the shoe so there is no slipping to the side while working out.  It is made of a stretchy material, so if you have wide feet you would probably really like this shoe.  My foot is NOT wide so sometimes I feel that I need more support in the toe box area.  I am keeping this shoe and will most likely wear it on my weight training days because it is very comfortable to stand in for long periods of time.  I will look for another shoe made with stronger material so that when I run/ workout it feels more secure on my foot.", "I was extremely sceptical about ordering shoes online, but I couldn't be more pleased with my choice! I bought these for cardio training and weight training. Even though the description says &#34;off training days&#34; these are perfect for everyday training,  for me. I have narrow feet. Also, there is plenty of comfort room for your toes. The color is even more vibrant in person. I just love these shoes all around. As soon as I wear these one's out, I Will buy these again!", "These are probably the most comfortable tennis shoes I've ever bought, but they don't hold up well. Around the toe area is a soft mesh type material, and I already have a hole in them.", "I purchased a size 12.5 for my son who had picked them out here on Amazon.They shipped a size 12. I HAD to pay for return shipping!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They did find a 12.5 and shipped them out but I WON'T buy from this seller again.Terrible customer service. Why should a customer have to pay return shipping (with a tracking number) when it wasTHEIR FAULT I received the wrong size!It cost me $11 to mail these back, after I wrote a LONG letter to them, they issued me a credit for $4 REALLY?!What a terrible way to do business.My son likes the shoes, they run small but they will do for now.My son wears an insert in his shoes and they did fit inside once he broke the shoes in.", "I like the all white! I have had these before. I liked them so much I wanted another pair! Good shoes, casual and classy!", "I bought these because i owned a pair of NIKEs with the lunarlon sole. These fit as expected and were good quality overall, and cheaper than competitors.", "the nike zoom hyperdunk elite is a wonder worker on the court.  I rate it five stars.  it is expensive but very very awesome.", "I am a 40 year old mom with small feet. Every other sock I have tried were to big or to small. But these not only fit great they don't fal down ever! No bunching in my shoes. These are the only socks I will wear!!!!", "Yellow LBJ's hot only for feet not good on hands...with socks no gloves seven more words four thre two one...done", "I bought these for my husband and he loves them. It's hard to find his size in stores. These fit like a glove and very comfortable from what he tells me. I wabt to buy more in different colors!", "Very good quality nike sunglasses!!!And so cute as well!!Very happy with this purchase from me to my husband!!!!", "Fits great and like the look - happy with the purchase and with the product.  Will stick with Nike going forward", "I have had several pairs of Oakley Radar's in the past. These are my first pair of Nike sunglasses. The Nike Skylon Ace Pro are lighter, more comfortable,and the lenses are easier to keep clean.The best part is they are $100.00 cheaper than the Oakley's..", "Nice. I have enjoyed them a great deal. Comes with a nice pouch that also foibles to clean the glasses.", "I have a wide foot and had to order a men's 9 to fit my women's 8.3W foot. They run small. But in the perfect size, which mine are, they feel great. Light weight, roomy, and very comfortable. Love the color combination. It's more understated than some of the neon colors. Love these shoes. May buy another pair. THANK YOU!!!", "These shoes feel wonderful.They were a  Great fit.  Can wear them all day without even feeling them. Like wearing slippers", "love these sneakers ,feal great on,the gold swoosh looks killer but scratches off way too easy,messed up mine in the first 5 minutes just pimpin around the house,also the white and gold laces tend to discolor easy but comes with a another set of white laces,the material on the toe is like a mesh like material that makes them difficult to clean..", "bought for my son and they really look great,they fit well and the colors are just perfect he really likes", "So glad I have these in my collection. Saving them for my next vacation, but can't wait to wear them. The materials and build quality are great and they look so clean.", "Got these sneakers for my honey! She loves them. They are very comfortable to walk in and the dirt and dust don't show.", "My card didnt go through as I went to purchase. I want these preferably in the Silver 1's. Will you have those in my size any time soon?", "this are very nice and I love it, they are very soft on the inside and that'swhat I wanted.", "my boyfriend absolutely loves these pants. They are comfortable and not too loose fitting. I am going to have to buy them in some other colors now!", "I wear these shorts EVERY DAY for 6 months here in CO. They are my 'dress shorts'. Thick, exactly the right length and with pockets.Nike and you can't go wrong.", "This product is better than I expected! I'm so glad that I ordered this pair of athletic shoes! All of my friends are asking where did I purchases these!I told them to go on Amazon!!", "This shoe was sold out everywhere, Nike, Finishline, etc. So when I stumbled upon them here on Amazon I could not resist. I love them!!!", "My first pair of the Nike Alvord was the '09 style. I bought those because I was pregnant and on my feet much of the time. I needed a comfortable shoe that I could also use for working out. That pair lasted me three years. I liked them so much that I decided to stick with the same style.I purchased a 9.5 wide pair of this style last month. I have a slightly wide foot and can get away with normal width shoes sometimes, but these shoes run a little snug, so I go ahead and get the wide in this style. Since purchasing this pair of shoes, I have been as pleased with them as I was my old pair. I use them for both everyday and for working out. They have a good grip if you are trail running, and are very breathable shoes. Do watch out for water or mud though, because your feet will get wet because of the extensive mesh on the exterior of the shoe. They also have good support for the gym. I frequently use them for the treadmill and elliptical. Overall, I love this shoe!", "These were great looking sneakers. They seemed light, but were TOO small. Seemed to have about a 1 to 1.5 size difference than what I normally wear. Had to return for this reason.", "These are my fifth pair of Nike Shox running shoes and I couldn't be happier with them!  They arrived in their original packaging and one day early, which was awesome!!", "overall I am enjoying the shoes. they fit well and function how I need them to. I would recommend them to anyone.", "Comfortable. Looks great.  I wear them even with jeans. I've had them well over a year and that still going.", "My son asked for these, and when he got them he was in love. I am so happy with his joy.", "ProsThese shoes are the lightest and most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever owned. The rubber material on the bottom of the shoe do an excellent job of cushioning your feet from walking or running of pavement. I wore these shoes to Disney world and averaged about 8+ miles a day walking and the end of my two week trip my feet and ankles didn't hurt at all. Due to the softness of the material on the bottom of the shoe I was worried they would wear out fast, but they haven't shown any excessive wear in the three months of wearing them.ConsRocks and twigs get stuck in between the gaps of the bottom of the shoe which can be annoying.SizingThe sizing of these shoes are true to size and I found them to be the same as all my other Nike shoes.", "SIGNATURE PERFECT PRODUCT !!!!! I FIND it looks good it will give the GQ look am going for , a product that is high in quality and has flare jus the colour am looking 4", "Very stylish and comfortable.  Bought them in two different.  Would recommend them to everyone.Can't wait to wear my next pair.  Excellent Shoes!", "Saw these and knew I had to get them. I'm a big D3 fan so as soon as I saw these and for the price I went for it. These are his 2012 playoff edition sneakers before he signed with Li-Ning company. These came in the original box- which was in great condition, with red shoelaces as well as the original white laces. The shoes themselves are comfortable and really nice. All in all great buy, I'm a happy camper!! GO HEAT!!!", "Nice shoe but very narrow. I hope it stretches because it is fabric. Love the design and got them at a very good price.", "Arguably the best performance shoe in basketball. It's lightweight, flexible and durable. All other great performance shoes lack one of those three things.", "Those are the best flip flop ever... I'm gonna get more and case there gone. They're a little pricey but it's worth it.", "I love these shoes and have owned multiple pairs over the years. They give me just enough support and are really light! I love them!", "I love these shoes so super light on my feet. I used to only wear Nike shocks & another pair and I had to buy two pairs of these one for the gym & for a street shoe love the way they look and feel Amazing!", "Great price, great looking, and hubby just loves it, came on time, couldn't ask for a better way to purchase a sneaker, for some one that wanted a NIKe.  thanks again", "buen modelo y excelente rendimiento inclusive para un ni&ntilde;o de 10 a&ntilde;os que es el uso que se le esta dando", "Very nice pants. The pants were exactly as described on the website. My son really likes the pants. Very compfortable.", "I wear these shoes almost everyday. They can be used for nearly everything except running. Fantastic for skateboarding and casual wearing and will last for a while. I purchased these shoes almost six months ago and they still are in good condition.", "I purchased these for my husband and he loves them, would recommend them to anyone. The only drawback is they don't come in additional colors. True fit to size.", "I bought them to minimize injuries to my feet and calves while walking and running with my dogs and they have done exactly that. They are also comfortable.", "My college-age daughter who was a very good runner in high school ordered these shoes for recreational running in college.  She really likes them and says they are very supportive--just what she was looking for.", "As an avid runner (5k to 1/2 marathon), I don't wear Nike's for training or racing.  I have wide feet and Nike doesn't make a lot of the models I would use in wide sizes.  However, I love the way a lot of them look so I got a pair of regular width Air Dictate 2.  They are surprisingly comfortable; usually the regular width are a little tight.  Although I wouldn't replace my New Balance running shoes, these Nikes look great in a pair of jeans and are comfortable enough to wear all day.", "This shoe is a good fit for light running and cross training. If you plan on running long distances, pick a shoe with more cushion. If you do short distances and sprints, this should accommodate you nicely...", "I saw these shoes on someone today in the train station. They looked pretty nice overall, a well-styled contemporary pair of kicks. I didn't take much notice of them until I saw them on Amazon. Now I am kicking myself for not robbing the guy who was wearing them. I'll be keeping an eye out!", "After months of scrimping and asking for donations I had finally saved up $6999 to purchase and hand deliver mosquito nets/food stuffs for starving children in a far away village. Enough to last a month! But then I wondered... &#34;how am I going to survive the treacherous journey in these ridiculous $60.00 new balance sneakers? But what about my selfie with all the needy children? Ughh my facebook profile will be wanting!&#34;After purchasing these sneakers I was able to run faster, jump higher and breath easier. Food tasted better and girls looked at me like I was a greek god. The endearing looks I received from the starving children upon my arrival let me know it was all worth it. Thanks NIKE!!!! (signed me & starving children)", "When I first seen these shoes I was transfixed. Then on second glance I thought why would I want to velcro the lower half of the shoe and lace the upper half? I mean come on, the hardest part of high tops is lacing the actual high top. I'll give you the 7000.00 but I want my commission cut when you change the design. Oh and camouflage would be nice. Can't be sneaking around in sneakers that can be seen.", "Straight out da box, I knew that these would be the slamminest kicks I evah threw up on an electrical line. From da moment I knotted the laces together to da moment dey left my hands, flyin through da air like numb chucks or sumptin, I could feel da raw balance in em. If you gonna go to da hood and throw a pair of kicks in on an electric line in memory of your boy, dis be da kicks to do it wif.", "I don't have the money for these now. Fortunately, I'm going to inherit a lot of money when I give all my personal information to some nice stranger, who emailed me from Somalia. Once the check clears, these bad boys are mine!I am also going to buy a certain famous bridge I saw on Craigslist.", "After two successful kickstarter campaigns I was finally able to buy a pair of these shoes and a sandwich. But after you eat the sandwich all you're going to ever get is a pile of s***. Not so with these shoes, buy them and they are yours' for life. Hell, I'd punch a baby for a second pair of these. I'd wear one pair only in the bed and the other for the street.", "Well, I figure if I'm going to drop as much money as it takes to feed a family of seven for a year, I should be willing to depart with some of the excess on my feet.  I'll have to make sure I get the measurements correct, but I'm sure I can live without my toes provided my feet are in these shoes.  Thankfully, hacksaws are cheap, so I won't even notice the extra cost.", "I could buy 1000 shoes for myself and buy another 1000 for a homeless shelter for the price of one pair of these.I am sure nike could pay the poor sweat shop children making their shoes a whole years wage at the cost of one shoe", "At first I thought, &#34;$7,000-$8,000 for a pair of shoes!  That's crazy talk!&#34; But, when I read the description I learned that these are AUTHENTIC shoes.  I've never owned a pair of authentic shoes before and I just don't know if I can go on without them.  I'm dropping out of grad school TONIGHT and hitting the corner.  We all know M.P.H.s don't have $7K shoe money but hookers sure do!  I feel like I need to rethink every life choice I've ever made.  All these years without authentic shoes....", "After a bit of talking with my husband we decided to not pay our rent for a little over 1/2 a year and live out of our car so we could both look smashing. My hippie sister complained we should have donated 'all that sneaker money' to a charity, but face it, bitch, I look fabulous.", "I had to return the $3,000 pair, they just weren't elite and snobby enough for my spoiled tootsies.  But these, just like miserly Mr Scrooge and the Grinch's green heart are just a tad too tight.  The style and materials ARE authentic, I have to admit...but I need even more cush and foam, so am eagerly awaiting the next generation of $10,000 + styles. I am praying those come with silk laces handmade by the Dahli Llama, 24 Kt logos and jewel-encrusted toes?  Please Nike, surely you can reach deep into your hearts and provide me with the ultimate, authentic, foamy, one-of-a-kind size 5s?", "I've been saving up for a car for a few years now, and finally got up to $7,000. I'd been looking at used cars when someone directed me to these shoes. Sure, they're slower transportation than a car, but no insurance or fuel costs! And they say cars are a status symbol, so what kind of status is conveyed by a used car? Poor. What kind of status is conveyed by a $7,000 pair of sneakers? Well, I think that's obvious. Certainly not &#34;poor&#34;, am I right?As far as the YEEZYs go, they're awesome. Still, I did have to take a star. Half a star because they're only offered in men's sizes. I'm a woman (shoe size 7.5), so I have to wear nine pair of socks. That does make them VERY comfortable, though! The other half was dropped because they don't qualify for Prime. Who's got $15 to spend on shipping for $7,000 shoes? Be real.", "If wearing them doesn't scare her away just show her the bill, it's cheaper than divorce and she wont even want half!", "Did not hold up to hiking or walking the Bayou. Hard to get clean, I'd advise spraying them with some of that waterpoof shoe stuff.", "I was just reminiscing the other day that it's been almost exactly 25 years since I murdered someone for Nikes, and boy do I miss those days. Then these shoes came along. While I cannot find anyone who has bought a pair so that I can &#34;jack&#34; them, I did find them on Amazon at a price that inspires me to go back to my gangster lifestyle. These shoes = street cred.", "You have got to be kidding me. The price of a new Hyundai for some stupid shoes. Fools and their money will soon part.", "Why? Who? They are nice looking, probably comfy but please.  Why would anyone in their right mind spend that kind of money on sneakers?", "I was merrily burning a trash can full of hundred dollar bills one evening while surfing the net, when I happened across these stylish little darlings.  As the firelight flickered beside me, I thought my eyes deceived me, could this really be?  Such fabulous shoes at such a reasonable price?  I love my Jimmy Choos, I have a room in my house dedicated strictly to heels, but Choos have been so overexposed even housewives in Iowa have at least six pair.  And I needed a pair of sensible--dare I even call these beauties &#34;sneakers?&#34;  I think that is an insult.  All I can say is, &#34;Bravo, Nike, you've done it again.&#34;  I'm in love with these shoes.", "Since the pressure from my peers to be respected and well loved reached an unprecedented high, and my need to comply with the current trend became overbearing, I was thrilled to find these shoes at the bargain price of $7000 - $8000. And I wasn't even bothered by the rough estimate either! What's a 'grand' right, when it comes to owning these slick shoes?!Obviously, selling all my worldly possessions, and semi-vital bodily organs (except my feet) to own these has easily landed me as the coolest dude in the neighborhood. Although now, having been forced to live on the street, the only people who hold me in high esteem are the alley cats and kind Mr Foung who lets me eat from his dumpster after lights out.It might cost just $20 to give a child clean drinking water, but who cares?! I have these shoes!Thank you Nike. I'm so comfortable now thanks to you, and know that my money is in safe hands as you distribute it to the workers in your factories overseas.", "Because some reviews are leaving out some key features of this product, I figured I'd better set some things straight. First of all, this $8,000 price is for TWO SHOES. Not one, like shown. That alone makes this worth the bargain, as I would have expected to pay that amount per shoe.Now on to the shoes themselves. Only a complete poser would wear these simply for running, tennis, or climbing a tower formed from the emaciated bodies of foreign child laborers. The best thing about them is that every time you kick your foot in the air, you smack the invisibility off a ninja. You would not believe how many of those bastards are hiding around you just out of view. But they are in for a hell of a surprise because with each arc through the air you will as many as three silent warriors flat on their jut-su. Blasting a masked assassin through a tree is every bit as awesome as it looks in the movies.One complaint I had was that they are a little loose and do not allow you to walk or run across the surface of water, as I discovered to my chagrin when I tried to chase a fleeing ninja across the duck pond. Now I need another suit sewn from threads of pure platinum because this one is wet. On the plus side, they do let you run up vertical walls and across hot lava provided you can hold your breath through the fumes.  For the lava, I mean, not the walls. Unless the walls are covered in molten rock which is more common than you might think when you're sieging a castle, which is a hobby I picked up after I ran backwards through time trying to beat my best 5K time while wearing these overpowered shoes. Did I mention you can travel back through time using a padded indoor elliptical running track?  Well you can, which is what I did to convince myself to order these shoes from Amazon last week. Now we go out kicking ninja ass along the bike paths and at Starbucks. Ninjas love Starbucks.", "Sure, they may just &#34;look&#34; like some normal pair of sneakers, but what makes them so special is that they were hand made by blind catholic monks in Vatican City, also the &#34;Synthetic&#34; polymer that makes up these shoes was created atom by atom at the LHC. What also makes the deal worth it is Nike supplies their own certificate of authenticity. Making sure these shoes are 100% authentic and not just some 3,000 dollar knockoff.", "Don't be fooled! Spend $40 and take your basketball shoes to your local body shop to be styled up. With the money you save, take George Takei out to dinner!", "I know what you're thinking, &#34;$7,000 for shoes?!&#34; No, this is not a joke! They are real and 100% AUTHENTIC.  My douchebag neighbor said he could have bought 100 pair of nice shoes with what I spent, BUT these shoes are authentic, so who's the loser now? I might be tempted to think they were pricey if they were only 50% authentic, but for %100 percent authentic shoes, this is a steal.", "My son loves them, and holds up to a 12 year old running around.  He even wears these for track, and his exploring expeditions here in MT.  The color was really spot on, yet not too loud.", "the animal prints reflects when the lights shine on it, comfortable ride and a great look, all that i look for on a running shoe", "i'm a admirant to nike sneakers ,and other products of nike, very nice on wearing, comfortabile i'm very pleased, light on walking", "Love these seem to last a long time before breaking down. wish they had more colors.Still good shoes. would buy another pair", "Perfect shoes, Beautiful shoes, Jordan Retro 1 great shoes . . . . . .. . . . . .", "Great sunglasses! You can purchase different components, shade tone, color of the sunglasses. It's all versatile to interchange pieces of the sunglasses without having to purchase several different pairs.", "You will love these glasses.  They come in a really nice case.  Two interchangeable lenses are included.  If you are looking for cool looking sunglasses that are also functional, you have found them.", "These are stylish, look well made, and function well. They're delicate enough that you'll want to keep them in the case and otherwise handle with care when in use.On that delicate issue, I made the mistake of putting these in a jacket pocket without the case, and when I got home, I realized they had basically fallen apart. The glasses use special plastic rivets to hold the lenses to the nose piece. I took the glasses to an optical shop and they had the tool to fix the glasses. Took all of a minute and cost me $3, but I was elated that they could be repaired. Just another reason to keep them in their case when you're not using them.", "Very lightweight frame and it will fit a wide face if that's what you need.  And a very good price.", "I liked this glasses very much because they were just as I tough they were and they give the protection and comfort that I wanted", "These fit comfortably and were actually a little brighter in person than the picture showed. I love them and have already worn them many times", "My Son always orders Nikes!! They always pull thru for him and trust me...... he is very picky!!!! I will jump on any deals.", "Bought these for my 15 year old son.  Order was received very timely, packaged well.  The shoes are great and my son was very happy with them.", "Product is very good, and in this case a sob product which I was looking. I have lots of Nike shoes, and all of them are size 8. For some reason, this size 8 is a bit smaller. Fits ok but a little too tight. My with time should loose...", "My 13 yr old son was very excited to open these shoes on his birthday.  The kids at school told him they were &#34;fresh&#34;.  Apparently that's quite good.  They are comfortable, fit true-to-size, and seem to be wearing well so far.", "These shoes were bought for my son. Within weeks they looked like they where 3 years old! Hard to clean and fade easily!!!", "One of the best hiking trail shoes I have found and unfortunately it appears NIke is no longer making this product.", "This is a really great product and the only reason i didn't give 5 stars is because you cant adjust the size to the head. If you child have a head Big for his age, try a biger size", "Very disappointed we paid $70 for cleats and could only wear them 4 times. I felt I should let someone know the problem we had with these. They look great, but after 3 soccer practices, my son was complaining about heel & back pain. He wore them in a game, and could barely walk after it.  Upon inspection, the heels have deep indentions and nearly no padding. Only wore them 1 week and had to buy new shoes. Bought new adidas and all heel and back issues went away.  We never had a problem like this with NIKE before.", "The shoes are amazing for the price. They fit nicely and the supplier got the shoes here fast and well protected in the box.", "Excelent soccer shoes. I like its weight they are so light and I recommend them if you are very fast at the field.", "They're great. I am a big fan of the prize and the comfort the cleats have. For me they are the perfect cleats to start playing soccer again.", "they were just the way i saw them. the velivery was not that fast but it came and that's important", "Size was smaller than expected, would prefer a 9.5 the next time I order any football boots from Nike. &#128546;", "I got these for my grandson he picked them out himself and when he saw them he just loved them.", "Very good product, but it's a little hard at the beginning but as soon as you wear it more and more it loosen.", "For any soccer player on turf, get these cleats. They're so comfortable and have amazing touch off the ball. MUST haves!", "For most of my soccer cleats I usually get them a size bigger for comfort. With these nike veloce they fit just as I expected. I love the way they fit my feet and I am impressed with the style of the cleats. Overall I am very satisfied and will definitely recommend these cleats and or products to friends.", "I hope you can understand my english,  I will be honest with you, i was surprise,  because always I have thought thah in Amazon the article will be cheaper , but this shoes was more expensive ..........When I knew that it waas too late I Couldn't stop the purchase, but I like it.", "My son is a competitive soccer player.  I buy him good shoes because I figure it's cheaper than paying an orthopedic doctor later.  He loves these shoes.", "I've switched from Adidas shoes to Nike because i like how they fit, and their light weight. I also own the Mercurial Victory TF for indoor, and so I got these for outdoor play, plus on indoor fields with artificial grass that allow cleats. I note however that the sizing for these is NOT the same as for the other model I have; I maybe should've tried them out somewhere rather than ordering online, but I figured that they'd be the same. These are noticeably smaller! So the same 9.5 size is a wee bit tight (but not painfully so-- I still love these).It's also not like they are going to stretch out like my kangaroo leather Copa Mundials did; I should've gotten those in maybe an 8.5 and let them stretch and mold. So, beware about sizing. Maybe go up a half size from what you might expect? YMMV!", "it is what i wanted  and it fit real well and i am  and i love it i do tell pople about the product", "My grandson was very specific of exactly the shoe and color he wanted. I went to several soccer websites including soccer.com and nobody had them. On a whim I went to Amazon and typed in the exact specs my grandson gave me. Up popped two options with two day shipping to boot. I immideiately ordered and they arrived in time for his tournament that weekend. His team won all three games and their bracket. Now I tend to try Amazon first when looking for stuff.", "Good fit, comfortable and good price. Love the bright colors..makes it easier to find my son on the field or court", "I didn't think it was synthetic, but that one is really worth it is so d**nm durable! It's pretty small But it's very Nice. Everybody like it... I could even resell it :-) Good stuff!", "Appearance is like the picture and the inner softness makes playing for an hour be a delight. Nike is Nike!", "Love my new shoes. they r very comfortable and beautifull, love the color, mateched the description, arrived on time. Thanks", "Color, style and laces are perfect.  For once, the laces stay tied for my son's soccer cleat. Run Run Run!", "they are awesome I had no problems with anything and quick delivery. They are even cuter when I put them on my 11 month old.", "I use these as a match official. It is hard to find really comfortable shoes that will last for three and four matches at a time without feeling really tired afterwards. These work really well and I am pleased...", "I am a Size 9 , bought them to play soccer but even though at first you may think they fit perfectly, once you start playing you realize they are too tight on your toes and you just have to stop playing because of the pain, you cant kick or run. I should`ve bought a Size 10 instead. Other than that, the quality of the materials and how they look or grip to the court are awessome and would recommend them, but keep in mind to buy a bigger size than you normally would", "Pink shoes are awesome!Never gotten so much attention from an article of clothing.Yeah;  there is always some idiot that loadly questions my orientation.. that's on him.The ridicule is worth the conversations I have with women.", "I LOVE these shoes! I can always count on Nike high-tops to be dependable in terms of fit and quality. I've been wearing them for nearly 30 years and I love the color combos available as well.", "I got these shoes for my spouse for a birthday gift.  These shoes are so comfortable with all of the air pockets and great for working out.", "Shoes fit perfectly and have a nice cleat.  I would recommend this shoe.  I had done my research before purchasing.  I am pleased with the product.", "A little bit small, should have bought half number bigger... Also they're somewhat hard in the beggining .. You should wear them a lot", "Originally owned this shoe but used it for a tough mudder event.  Super comfy and light.  I would recommend to anyone.", "Each year the LunarFly, as with nearly all running shoes, goes through something of a reinvention, originally known as the **'Nike - Run Avant'**  It's always, supposedly 'improved', by adding more bulk of some sort to it, of course to make it better.  I started with the original model, the Run Avant, and have kept with the line since, because, as a light weight runner, I didn't need an average shoe.  The shoe, over about five years, had evolved into a pretty average stability shoe, aiming for the center of the running market, I'd think--In fact, I couldn't tell much difference between it than the Lunar Glide.  But the entire reason I had started to wear the shoe was because it was lighter than average, more cushiony than average, yet was still responsive and comfortable enough to wear the marathon distance. And so with the prior hefty-rendition of the LunarFly I had decided that they 'improved' it too much, and was going to try something totally new, to get away from the averageness in all its characteristics.  Nike:  If I wanted a Lunar Glide I'd have bought a Lunar Glide.BUT THEN I searched the specs of the Lunarfly+4.  It was as light as the original **Run-Avant** model. The sole looked even more responsive.  I took a chance, ordered it while holding my breath, thinking, 'this is the last time I buy a lunarFly shoe!'.Turns out Nike has finally designed **my** perfect shoe.  It has all the qualities I originally enjoyed with the Run-Avant.  It's more cushiony than the other models of LunarFly, and surprisingly, thanks to the trimmed down sole, is more responsive, yet just as stable. AND, the shoe is now made with more breathable materials great for summertime running. For me, this is the perfect running shoe, and without a doubt the best of the LunarFly series.I suppose I will need to order more before Nike starts 'improving' the model again.. because it looks like any changes they make could only have an adverse affect.  I just hope they don't start bulking it back up, making it more average..I will be quick to switch models next time.", "It's a bit tight, but that's normal, they just have to be worn in. This pair is replacing another of the exact same shoe, the other ones wore out from wear-and-tear of over a year. These last awhile!", "Lightweight, cushioned, and supportive are the words I use when describing this shoe.  Great for 2-4 mile runs! Definitely a must buy!", "Once i saw these i had to get them! they ran out at nike.com and even though they were 20 dollars more expensive here, it was the only place i found it in. theyre super comftorable", "I have purchased and used these shoes before. It is extremely comfortable and easy to break in.  It fits me well and is extremely sturdy.", "This is why I hate ordering off the Internet. The shoes contour lines are not stylish and the shoe is too small. I have had nikes all my life and I hardly ever had a problem. Now I'm going to have return these shoes. One more step that I don't want to do. But for anyone thinking of buying this shoe. The width and length are off.", "Came as described!Have run over 70 miles in these shoes and no problems. Very comfortable! Very lightweight, overall great running shoe!", "I ordered and received a size 8 and it was snug. I ran in these a few times, still snug, I should have returned them. I love the weight and feel of these, I may get a larger size.", "I have never worn shoes that I have been reluctant to take off. These are perfect. Whether you are running, walking or just wearing them casually, you will not be disappointed. As mentioned by others, do go ahead and get a half size bigger.", "I previously had issues with running on the way I stepped.  I feel as it leads you to step with the balls of your feet istead of relying on the heels which runners know it is the incorrect way of doing it.  I do feel that if I ever had to run on tarmac on a 95+ degree weather that I would feel the heat on my feet.  Aside from that, AWESOME!", "This shoe is very comfortable and light and has a nice air flow so your feet do not get to hot.Just Stay out of water and snow; not so good in the Snow Here In Colorado. lol.", "This shoe is specifically made for runners who need arch support. So it fits perfectly into my lifestyle as we do alot of physical training in the Army. The shoe is one of the most comfortable shoes that I've ever owned and I can literally walk around all day in them...Literally, i tried. I would definitely recommend this shoe to all who are a little flat-footed like myself. It is truly a great shoe.", "Not a bad buy but, they were too large for me. It's actually shoes for men so it didnt fit as I would have expected a female shoe of same size to fit. It wasn't indicated online if it was a men's shoe or women's shoe. Had to give it to my husband though,  its slightly tight for him. So he doesnt wear it often... almost a loss buying it cos not one of us is utilising it much.", "I've been running the Mizuno Wave Creation 13 and enjoy them thoroughly but wanted to take advantage of Nike+ gear to better track my progress. I bought these shoes and ran in them only once and regretted the purchase upon finish because my legs hurt so bad. When I purchased my Mizuno's, I never felt pain after running. I learned a vital lesson, purchase your shoes at a store or buy a pair you've already run and know are good.", "These are amazing shoes. So comfortable with good arch support. I had another pair and wore those out!  Love the blue and green color for spring.", "I have ran in this model for five years and these are considerably more narrow.  I returned them.  There was no way I could train with these.  Very disappointed.", "Very comfortable running  shoes .Fits as all other Nike shoes fit . Good color . Good style .Love this shoes. I would recommend friends.", "They are the most comfortable shoes.  The color and fit are wonderful.  So glad I purchased them.  Nike you did a great job.", "I am 5 10  so I need a show that is a stablizier.  I have found Nike to be hands down to have the best stablizer sneakers in the business.  The arch is a perfect match and these sneakers hold up to abuse.", "The color is so vibrant! Very comfortable and supportive. Fits as all other Nikes shoes fit so your normal size will work", "It is not only a great looking shoe, but very comfortable.( Walking on Air) Definitely worth the purchase. Normally I would never spend that much on a pair of shoes! But these my fellow shoppers are awesome.", "I am a walker and I work out quite a bit. I needed a good shoe with lots of support. I really love these shoes. They offer great support, and they held up well in the gym.", "Love these shoes! Their light weight, cute, & great to workout in! I wear them everyday I g to the gym, Nike is the best and I'm never disappointed", "Fits as expectedNike has reduced the support and cushion that is expected in the Air Max productthese shoes do not have the support to be able to run in them even though they are marketed as running shoesThe open mesh fabric of the upper allows air to flow in which makes this shoe too cold to wear in the winter.", "I absolutely love this shoe.. It is true to size and has tons of support for your feet. I have tender, flat feet and this shoe feels amazing", "I was very disappointed in the shoe because of the fit.  The right shoe by the ankle was higher than the left shoe.  I feel that these were rejects or seconds.  This is a private party doing business out of his home , I was told by ups.  Never again will I order from private seller again.  I been burnt twice.  I had to send the shoes back at my cost $14.75.  I find this unacceptable!!!!!! Not to mentioned this is not my fault for the return.  Very UNHAPPY  :( .", "Fits perfect, very comfortable shoes I would highly recommend them!  Great for running! I normally wear 8 and a half but I like a little extra room in my running shoes.", "I really love the color and the shoe is really lightweight!this is a great shoe if you are looking for arch support.", "Daughter loves these; she has the older model of these. Only thing she would like different is a black set of laces; she doesn't like the purple! Nicely made, feel great for walking.", "I am a Nike fan, so I love the shoe.  It looks very stylish and accents the outfits that I where it with.  It is not as comfortable, as I thought it would be though.  I just started wearing them, so the comfort level will probably come soon. But", "todo bien.... gracias llego muy rapido  de muy buena calidad. . . . . . . . . . .excelente", "Nike never disappoints me. Great shoe for running, cardio machines, weight lifting & biking. love the unique colors & light weight.", "SO COMFY, RUNNING WITH THE NIKE DUAL SNEEK IS AMAZING AND I DONT HAVE ANY WEAR ON MY FEET WHILE USING THEM.THANKS A LOT", "lovvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvve my new  Nike's... the fit is true to size... I ware size 7m... the color I chose is great!!!! Thinking of purchaseing another pair in different color.", "I love love these shoes. The color was perfect the fit was perfect the look was perfect truly love these shoes. They are so comfortable and have received so many comments.", "I recommend these for running. I have flat, wide feet and they fit comfortably and so far are great for running on sidewalks and trails. Nice and stylish, too!", "I bought this sneakers for my wife and she is very happy with them, the color is nice and they are very soft.", "This shoe works well for a person with a wide toe bed.  It is good for Gym Class. The price was right too!", "I'm a huge Nike fan, and these are by far the most comfy, best fitting shoes I have ever purchased!  I highly reccomend these to anyone! My feet feel amazing when I work out in them. I have no arch in my feet and these offer incredible support!", "thought it was royal blue on line but in purple but a really nice shoe. it came in a reasonable time", "Love it, nice shoes I bought a litter bigger of my size, I know Nike runs small. I use 7.5 and I git 8 and fit perfect. Love the color.", "This is a really great shoe. Great grip and snug fit, just what i was looking for! Very well made, Thank you", "I ordered this running shoe for working out it was a great price I have not worn it yet so I am not sure how it will perform for me .", "GOod quality shoes and very stylish. Perfect for girls . Its nike you cant go wrong with it. Good purchase", "LOS ZAPATOS DEPORTIVOS LLEGARON RAPIDO Y EN BUEN, ME GUSTO LA ATENCION Y COMPRA A TRAVEZ DE LA GIFT CARD ES BUENISIMO", "I AM CURRENTLY DEPLOYED AND NEEDED SOME SNEAKERS. THESE SHOES ARE VERY COMFORTABLE FOR PEOPLE WHO RUN ON THEIR TOES. THEY CAME WAY BEFORE THE PROJECTED DAY!", "I'm looking for long time some shoes that i feel perfect to run. And finally I find it. This pair of running shoes are perfect for it, also good price! Fast shipping :)", "my favourite shoes...i love these neon colors nike has.. very fashionable and very comfy.. price is very convenient as well:)", "This shoe looks great, but for me it's too small and narrow. I wear a true size 10 and usually can order running shoes online with no problems...until now.", "I started running regularly and wanted shoes which fit like my skin. These are very comfortable and keep my feet dry.These are not very expensive either. I love them!!", "They fit just right and relieves my back and thigh's aches & pains, very glad to find them. they look good too.", "Light and comfortable with great cushion and support. I play once to twice a week and these are all I get, air max 360.", "Perfect shoe to wear all day. Nice and light. Fits perfectly. I took a chance in buying over the internet, but was very surprised at how well they fit.", "I really like this exact year model of this shoe. These are my favorite Nike shoes, and I have many. Amazon was the only place I could find the colors and availability I really wanted. I will probably order a couple more pairs before they become completely obsolete.", "Came on time, fits and was a good price, met all of my expectations. Ran 5 miles in them the other day and they are good sneakers", "perfect, good looking, pure black...just my style!!! great running partner...confortable as a glove!!! flexibility is perfect for me!! i reecomend it!", "These are my first Nike shoes.  The size is off by 1/2, something my friends told me after I bought the shoes.  They said all Nikes are on the small side.  The shoestrings were so short I couldn't tie them without a lot of dificulty so I had to unlace them from the top holes.  Really?  They save money by putting shorter shoe strings in their shoes?", "it is very good product. i recommended to buy it. it is relay as describe . i am very happy to buy it.", "compra inmediata y el producto en excelente estadoLos zapatos se ven mejor que en la foto. ^_^  ok good", "They was to small would like them alil better but it's ok I guess my son 1st pair of the nike Air Force he loves them just a half size to small", "It looks slightly less attractive than it does on the site. In person it looks more like a skateboarder's shoe, and it is just kind of big and clunky.", "These Retro 6 shoes are what I expected. Yeah I might have paid a bit more than they were worth but it was worth the money. The packaging and the shoe came in quick as promised and everything was tip top shape, no scratches no scuffs no fake material, etc. Definitely a pair to cop in 2014, Thanks SCHOOP!", "its was perfect  !!! everything fit like i thought it would . I'll definitely be back in a minute .", "Well I received my shoes like last week and I just wore them now. I examined them and they are authentic. They feel great I would highly recommend.", "These shoes were perfect fit and were exactly how it was describe thanks a lot for the shoes I love it", "This Nike slider \"looks like a girls shoe\", says my husband for whom I purchased them for.  Also they run small.  A size 10 in another style I also purchased fit fine, whereas this style in a size 10 was too small by about a half to a full size.", "They are very nice shoes. However, we would like to return them and do not know the process.  Carl stated he did not like the thong coming up between his toes.  They are very uncomfortable and he would like something that does not come between the toes, but just crosses over the toes.  Can you help me with this?", "Probably the most comfortable shoe I've ever worn and the quality is great. Shipping was also fast. Would recommend to anyone who is considering.", "These shoes are comfortable, but they are not very sturdy for everyday workouts. I ran through a pair in less than two months, and only wore them for an hour or two each day.", "Soft, comfortable  and stylish I love them, I will buy more colors soon but I;m hoping the earth shoes are more comfy@@@......", "I work from home part time and I have a stand up desk (that also slides down when I want to sit) so I was looking for comfortable slippers that would keep my feet comfortable whenever I would slide my desk to work standing up, and so I got these. After a month of having these, I'm giving it 4 stars because after perhaps 45 mins of standing working, I do feel a slight pain in my feet, perhaps my feet is still getting use to it and recooperating from the cheap dollar store looking slippers I was wearing for over a year working standing up. But overall, these slippers are so cute! The color is more lavender than purple, and I wear them all the time when I'm at home, including when I clean. The only time I experience the slight pain is when I'm working standing still for more than 45 mins. Good thing I read some of the reviews before purchasing because as other's have mention about the size, you definitely have to go up one size. For ex. I'm an 8, so I ordered a 9 and it fit perfectly.", "I ordered two pair for my mom and I.  We both love them!  They are very comfortable and fit us well!  Some of the best flip flops we've had!", "I just love the fit and comfort of these shoes.  They are great to take a walk in in the summer.  I did have to order a size up from my usual size, but not a big deal to me since I already knew this.Give them a try, you'll love them.", "I normally wear a size 9.5 so I got a 10 in these and they fit perfectly! It's like walking on pillows and after a long day at work I look forward to wearing them around the house while I cook, clean, etc. I'll definitely be buying more colors.", "This is my third pair of these in 4 years and I love them. They are crazy comfortable and the best &#34;around the house&#34;  shoe for me.", "I think the title probably says it all. These are fantastic. They're like having little gels on your feet at all times. The color is absolutely great too. It's dark enough that it hides stains if there are any but light enough so that it looks really pretty, especially now that it's approaching summer. I bought these - my second pair - to wear when I'm in the house to try to get 10,000 steps a day, and these are incredibly easy on your feet.Now, Nike, can you please work on making these in heel form? :) Pretty please?", "These are incredibly comfortable and I've been wearing them non stop Sincepurchasing them. The purple is really shiny, I wasn't expecting that. But they look great and are crazy comfy!", "Just like it show on the picture, Love the color and cushiony feel when walking. Strongly recommend they are just perfect.", "i'm a US size 9 and i realised that with nile products 8 fits excellent. so u may want to try a smaller size. i bought an 8, and it fits perfect.", "I bought a pair of these sandals last year. They fit true to size and they are very comfortable. Just wish they were a little less expensive. I'm thinking about getting another pair for this summer.", "Horrible worst shoes ever! They look comfortable in the picture I thought they will be a great alternative to flip flips. But the problem is that I can't even walk in them without losing the shoe while I walk, they just slide off. No use for these shoes. Worst ever!", "This flip flop is so comfortable. Usually the first outing in flip flops results in pain between your toes, not these. They are very, very comfortable. I will be ordering more in various colors.", "Good since permission to seeing for his brand nike is one of the best sandal that and had as his comfort when his adjustment travels to the pies his lengths perfect and his too good confor", "Size wasn't the issue. These shoes don't have the support inside to protect your feet. It felt like hard plastic covering my feet.", "good pair of shoes... like!!great grip, real light, and nice look.good for indoors and outdoors.only thing cushioning a little hard", "Ive had these for about 2 months now and they are very good quality. They took forever to break in, and I play a lot, but other than that they are a nice pair of bball sneakers.Very comfy and supportive", "Started working out again and these shoes are great. I need more support in the toe area these shoes fit the bill.", "I'm 26, and still playing a lot of ball. perfect for something light weight that supports the ankle! Highly recommend for any competitive recreational players out there", "Thanks soo much! I REceive my item and everything is ok. When I will visit miami again I will buy other product by amazonRegards.", "These are comfortable shoes. It's starting to get warmer here in Dallas. So these are perfect (unless you're a surfer can't wear sandals every day). One thing I noticed is I didn't have to break them in. They felt great from the 1st time I wore them, and are really lite. Highly recommended can't go wrong with white & black in the summer matches everything!", "Really love these shoes, fit great! Very comfortable! Look great on and off the court, great for tenis play and also for wearing with jeans", "Great support and even better than I expected! I never thought they would become my favorite tennis shoe but they took first place instantly!", "Since I bought them I have played two times on hard courts and I do not have any complaints; they are very comfortable. I have not tested them on clay yet, but I presume that they will work fine as well. Besides the technicalities, they look awesome.", "I gave this 3 stars because A. They run large. I'm usually a size 10, but I think I would have been much better off with a 9 or 9.5. B.The color on the photo dosnt reflect the actual color. I figured it to be like a little brighter then a bubblegum pink, but there more like a neon pink.Otherwise, they are breathable and quite the interesting sneaker.", "Was so excited to order a great court shoe, noted as \"top tennis gear for women.\"  Very disappointed in this expensive purchase.  It's 1/2 size bigger than should be.  They are bulky and stiff.  I even \"stumble\" over these shoes alot on the court.  Very disappointed.  Still looking for a good shoe!", "They make look similar but I found this newer model to be heavy, stiff and hard.  Nothing like my Air Max Breathe Free II.  After returning the first pair for a larger size (not true sizing either) I put the on shoes to test them out in a game of tennis.  But between walking from the car to the tennis court I had to remove them and put on my old pair of Breathe Free II.  The old model had a lighter feel, was definitely softer and  more flexible and even the heel bed feels like it has more cushion..  I don't know what I will replace my other shoes with but it sure won't be this model.  Sooooo disappointed..", "these are the best,most comfortable and great looking shoes that I have ever bought,I will be purchasing some more in different colors,Like walking on a cloud,Sherry", "They fit as expected and I had no problems. They are nice shoes and feel good. I believe these will last longer then my last pair.", "These sneakers are great for the gym, when doing your own thing. I would recommend more support for a cardio class or a run.", "This is one of the best trainers I have had. The shoe is light but supportive. I purchashed them for circuit/interval training and they work out fine.", "Very cute but runs a bit small you should order half size up. I kept the regular size I order but they are a bit snug. I use them for training and sometime tennis, very comfortable my second pair of this style.", "I simply love these shoes. Everything about them, how they fit, how they feel and how they look! Im completely in love. They also arrive much faster than expected. Highly recommend these.", "Buy this for mis sister, i see she running or go to the gym whit this everyday. Looks nice and the price is not a problem(I pay 50 bucks) She is happy and me too. This is my favorite website to shop for sporting goods. Thanks Amazon definitely will return to buy again.!!!!", "Snug fit, which I like because I am a runner and cycler. Very comfortable when I wear it for long hours at school. The style is very cute. The tongue of the shoe is extremely thin, almost like thin foam, but doesn't seem like it would rip or anything unless my 5 year old took a pair of scissors to them!!", "I love Nike shoes, fits like a glove.  I go walking in them and also Zumba class.Everyone tells me they are nice shoes and where do is buy them.  This is my secondpair of Nike shoes, the other one is Green and Gray to match my work out outfit.Love NikeVeronica", "THESE ARE THE GREATEST SNEAKERS I HAVE EVER HAD...THEY FIT WELL, THEY LOOK GREAT ALSO. I JUST LOVE THEM. WILL REORDER SOON", "I'm not usually one to buy something so bright and in your face but it was recommended to me and I have since enjoyed the cheerfulness of its color.  It also fits well once I figured out the correct size to buy.", "i was not too convinced when ordering them, but in reality they look great. they're very light and very comfortable, perfect fit.", "The shoes are comfortable and they fit great. There is a little extra width in the toe area, which is great for me. My toes sometimes get numb when I work out, so having that little extra room in the toes is helpful. I like the colors, because they aren't flashy like some other shoes that I've seen. The yellow laces and swoosh are much brighter than pictured though. The color reminds me of a highlighter.", "I chose this rating because I am a Nike fanatic, have never been disappointed at Nike.The colors are awesome, styles are great, Nike will for ever be my favorite.Very comfortable and sexy.Judi", "Not only is green my favorite, but the shoe is very comfortable and a good shoe to workout in! Buy it and see!", "love the shoe and the color but it is really tight at the end of the laces before the toes. Still trying to break them in - still prefer my nike free trainer over these.", "I really like these shoes they are comfy and they don't suffocate your feet like some shoes do. I REALLY LIKE THEM!", "In case you didn't notice, it's extremely hard to find women's cross trainers. I use these for Insanity workouts and they have plenty of lateral support. The insole doesn't come out because it's made of some sort of gel/memory foam. It took some getting used to at first. When I first put them on they were tight and then after wearing them awhile they loosened up. My only complaint, and the reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because on the insole there is some sort of seam that goes across the ball of my foot and if I wear the shoes all day it starts to bother me. They are true to size. The color is a lavender is is very cute. I get lots of compliments when I wear them. Overall, good cross trainer and I would recommend them.", "I bought these for a friend and while she did not know that the shoes were coming, she liked the shoes that I got her. The only reason I only gave it three stars and not five, is because the shoe colors depicted in the picture are different than the ones that actually came on the shoe......the Nike Swoosh and the interior of the shoe are yellow...? This is not a problem for me because she didn't expect the shoes.....but If I was going to buy shoes for myself.....and I liked the colors, I would expect to receive the shoes that I saw and liked that made me order the shoes in the first place. So I probably won't be ordering shoes online for myself.....unless it is at Footlocker or another known shoes store....just my personal preference now that this has occurred. Thank you for your time.", "Snug fit, very comfortable, extremely light, you almost feel like your bouncing when you run with these shoes, well worth the price", "my husband loved these shoes very easy to clean he said they are very comfy color goes with everything great shoes", "Style is nice but protection is bare bones.  Lesson - try it on before buying on the web.  I can walk in these but they are not for running.", "Comfy shoes, great for the gym. No fear of rolling an ankle or slipping in these. Added an insole for a little extra arch support but I have really high arches so that was expected.", "They fit perfect I want some more in some different colors  they are really comfortable can wear them all day", "Simple online order...nice looking sneaker.  Can't go wrong with at nike a a a a a a a a a", "I bought these for my husband. He usually wears a 9 1/2, though in some Nikes he's a 10. I ordered a 9.5 and they fit perfectly - true to size.The design is cool, never seen that pixelated pattern on a shoe before and the hubs loves...They are normal good quality fit and quality of Nike, the only reason I deducted a star was the colors. We ordered the Anthracite/Flash Lime/Cool Grey/Black which doesn't mean much as they are only showing 2 different style of colors. The shoe was predominately light grey with highlighter green highlights on the base of the shoe where it shows white in the pictures and also on the lace holes. It's pretty bright,  might be a bit much for some people just fyi.Otherwise happy with our purchase!", "I bought these trainers for their originallity and comfort I previously bought the Ken Griffery Jnr a while back,I still have them today.They take a while to break in but once they do they are stylish original{I live in the UK so this is essential for me] comftable and no one else has got them that I have seen here they are A heavy trainer{sneaker} so be warned if your looking for a light slim trainer these are not for you!! I'm a Big guy so I like the more robust ttrainer/sneaker these are ideal for me.I would reccomend these to people no doubt that is why i went to so much trouble to get them.", "One of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned.  Leave them on all day no problems.  Supportive and light with good response from the air max unit.  Bought another pair.", "It has been 20 years since I have found a tennis shoe I liked this much.  It is sharp comfortable and well built. The last shoe I liked this much was the original rebok pump back in the day. It was awesome.And so is this shoe.Love It.", "As a Nike enthusiast this has to be my favorite pair of Griffey airmax. The colors are my favorite white, red and black accent. They are comfortable and I just wore it once to work on our casual friday and I got so many compliments on them.", "Great shoe, very comfortable and breathes very well. Doesn't fair too well on slippery surfaces, but is perfect for running, working out, or just to wear casually. For the price, it's one of the best shoes I own.", "these shoes are really comfortable, the tongues even are light, these are different form the heavier type shoes I am used to buying, I use them at work and they do there job", "I give this 4.0 sole a good review.  Bought from FinishLine and not Amazon like I do with everything else.  I have run in them and walked in them and I feel very confortable.  If you do heavy training including running I recommend going with the full 5.0 sole which has slightly more arch support but I wanted something I could also walk in very normally.  Cheers.", "Great tank, nice and light, will use it for playing tennis.  I like that it does NOT have a built in bra.", "I picked these and the London Edition WBF Dunk Hi's up a few months ago, though haven't had much of a chance to wear them regularly until the weather got better. They are great looking Dunks, lots of compliments and now a harder to find shoe. Only problem is that they fit really slim. I normally wear 11-11.5 for Nike SB Dunk sizes, but I'd recommend ordering regular Dunks a 1/2 size higher for a better fit. The toe boxes crease rather quickly because of the stiff material used, but I usually don't mind that and the shoes still look nice after wearing them 5-10 times already.", "very comfortable to run in.. the outside if the shoe looks big thou usually shoes are made to appear small but these look like boats but there very comfortable", "I love the compression feel and fit of these socks. They're firm and feel like a second skin. When I am running and suffering I don't want to notice any part of my apparel and these disappear from my consciousness as soon as you put them on.", "the socks actually have the word NIKE written largely, not depicted in the picture.  I dont  like how they look and probably would not have bought them if i had seen the actual picture.  Other than that they are great socks performance wise.", "It's like they knew the shape of my feet when they made these. I can't even imagine the sock wizards Nike must employ. Wait, are they spying on me?They're socks. If you're owned a sock before, then you know what these are like.", "these fit good stretch well, comfy and good price i shall buy some more when needed. thanks amazon for your help.", "it fits like a glove. i cannot give a bad comment on the product. but the it is three pairs not three packs...", "These socks are probably the best socks I have ever purchased...they fit nice and tight and form to your fit superbly. Even when they are wet they still feel good which is perfect since I use them to play in soccer.", "This is a cheaply made sock. I'd say they are no better than the average sock purchased in a discount, big-box store. There is NO additional cushion. As socks go, they're average, but the description and price implies a quality, better than average item, which this is not. At a cheaper price (maybe $6.00) they'd be fine if you don't care too much about your sock quality.", "they are very comfortable and they fit well. Thank you to Nike, Amazon, and of course the one and only god himself", "the socks arrived as stated when ordered; they were a gift and the receiver of gift appeared to be satisfied", "Just as described! Product fits comfortably, and they are a reasonable price. I would recommend this product to all others!", "~These are the best socks I have ever purchased and they are now the only socks my son will wear,I even &#34;borrow&#34; a pair when it is cold outside because of the length of the sock.I am shorter and smaller in the calf area than him and they fit me just below the knee.They stay up with no needing to keep pulling on them throughout the day.Plus they do keep my legs warm.He loves them and I am a big fan too.I will never purchase another brand of sock for him ever again~", "I know when you look for socks you are looking for price and quality. These socks rock for the price and the quality is even better", "Hard to find XL socks in the store so ordered on line and they fit great and so far the quality is good.", "This wind breaker fits good and does it's job well. It definitely repels the water and wind. Then vents on the sides are nice to keep you cool, but they can make your back and shoulders pretty cool on colder days. Not much warmth..I ordered this thinking it was a &#34;jacket&#34; as advertised. It's definitely NOT A JACKET, just a windbreaker. As a windbreaker, and rain/fog repellent..it works great. There's absolutely no liner or anything to keep you warm, so just keep that in mind if you're looking for a jacket. Basic nylon shell, really nice to have the reflectors on the arms.", "They're really cool, but they're kind of tight. Get a pair about a half a size bigger. Not the best running shoes at all until you wear them in.", "My son chose these sneakers.  I ordered them a half size larger -- he is a growing boy.  I like the way they fit and they looked nice on his feet.  The price was nice for growing feet.", "Nice and comfortable shorts. Look just like described and feel good as well.  No complaints on fit good buy nike", "THE QUALITY IS NOT THE BEST AT ALL, THE WHITE ONE HAS A HOLE IN IT ALREADY AND I JUST WORE IT ONCE. FOR A NIKE PRODUCT I WAS DISAPPOINTED. ONE SIZE FIT ALL IS NOT A TRUE STATEMENT, THEY ALSO KEEP SLIDING OFF MY HEELS. I WEAR A SIZE 10.", "Elegant model are comfortables, has good grip on slopes and on the bicycle pedals. i use them to walk and working", "The back has no design - is just white; no special marking there - would look nicer with color in the back also.", "No inner bikini short - you have to wear underwear with these; not very convenient for tennis or any sport for that matter.", "I love my shoes and they fit very nicely. The pink on these shoes are just enough color and it doesn't look like to much.", "Love the Nike Lunar Glides. Can't find a more comfortable sneaker.  I am on my feet a lot and I can put these shoes on and they are great from day one.  Just love them.", "i only waited a few days before my package arrived and I love these shorts! They fit perfectly and I would recommend them.", "I wear these when I work out, run or do jiu jitsu. They are exactly what I was looking for!", "IT LOOKS GREAT......EVEN FEELS GOOD, BUT IT IS SO FLIMSY. I GOT IT FOR USING IT AS A CYCLING SHORT......I HOPE IT WILL LAST SOME MONTHS.......", "These shorts fit very well and give excellent support.I have several pairs and definitely recommend them for the serious athlete.", "Much thinner fabric, seem shorter and cheaper quality compared to earlier versions of these...for some reason they seem to have lessened the quality.", "Very modern and nice, good product the one that offers of excellent quality I overcome my expectations...goood's D T B", "I purchased these shoes for my husband and he loved them.  They fit true to his size and are very comfortable.  They are not bulky and have great style.", "I ordered these and they arrived 2 days early which i was very impressed!  They were a little big for my baby girl but very cute! Didn't seem to be a comfy as I thought but over all great product", "These are really great flip flops they were for my grand daughter.  But I don't know what I did wrong but I got the wrong size. So Ihad to return them.  These are a size 2 and she needs a size 11 1/2 or 12.  They are soft and comfortable.  I called and got a return authorization, no problem, I printed out a return label and returned them.  These flip flops are fabulous I wish they had them in adult sizes this color.  I think anyone that gets a pair of these will be super impressed with them.", "The design is the highest though it was a little narrow.The correspondence of the shop was prompt and was also very good. It was possible to buy it at ease", "These were ordered for a friend.  He loves them and wears them often.  They fit perfectly and the colors are nice.", "Just order the shoes yesterday hoping that this is the real deal I'll let you know when I have them in my hand", "These Basketball shoes are very stiff and the sole is slippery with not much grip - avoid at all costs!  I'd also recommend not buying from tyhis seller, they would not take the return stating the shoes were worn, of course they were, that's how my son learned they were stiff and the shoes slid all over the court - do NOT purchase from this seller - buyer beware!!!!", "awesome the shoe looks so awesome on foot fits perfect feels real nice while walking and it draws alot of attention your way", "Received kicks w/ no problem. Not disappointed with the purchase, but damn 450.00..lol Addicted fly-hi-kicks I guess. Thanx was tired of running around from store to store.", "My son absolutely loves these Nike foamposite pro PRM Spiderman shoes. He wears them all the time. They are super comfortable", "Nike always does a good job with sizing. Fits as expected, shoe looks great and it's very light! My son loves it and say's that it's very comfortable compared to his other soccer shoes. Definitely sticking to Nike with soccer shoes!. Thanks.", "Shoe very beautiful and good quality, I hope that my son has a good performance and make a lot of goals for better satisfaction.", "I was glad i found these, my daughter really likes them.  We went to Academy and there was only the certain colors, this one is different which I like.", "These are fantastic and appear to be all the rage for the boys to be wearing.  They were exactly as represented and I have a hard time getting him to take them off on the weekends.", "Aerodynamic, flexible, resistant, stylish. Good for the price and for physical activity like cycling, running, gym, crossfit. Rest the eyes and protect from sun", "I have received the item on time.The product itself is very good, love it.But when I got it I feel that it was used before since inside the nike box one of the plastic cover is missing.", "quality is acceptable, but it's too small. space enough only 4, maybe 5 cards. if you want thin wallet it may will suit.", "This is not pebble grain leather, it is fine grain. It is quality leather, but not pebble as I was looking for.It is extremely tight. It barely fit cards in, but over time it should stretch.It is pretty thick. It was acceptably thick until i a few bills in, then it just became absurdly thick for such a thin wallet.for its low price, its a nice wallet if you barely keep anything in it. If you want a thin wallet with lots of stuff in it, look elsewhere.", "I bought them as a gift to my boyfriend and he loves them. He loves the style, the color and the fact that they are really comfortable!", "My hubby love these shoes.....I must admit I was very skeptical when placing the order as it looked more pink than red to me.....anyway it's more of a red with a touch of pink.  He would recommend them to other gents.", "I usually wear 9- 9 1/2x, so I ordered size 9, after trying it on i couldn't walk, my foot start hurting.. Over all I wish i had bought size 10. I really like that  AirMax style", "I tried this for two days. The size fit me well but my toes got swollen. So I returned it.", "I had read all over the interwebs that these ran a size small, it was more like a 1/2 size at most so mine are a tad large but they are great shoes", "The sneakers fit exactly as I expected and I am very satisfied with the purchase.  I would order them again.", "These shoes were bought for my hubby for him to work out in. He loves them, and they fit perfectly. Very light, and easy to exercise in!", "These have some fit issues since the last pair I got was too tight and this pair was fine. But if you get the right fit they're the best. Like as in the very best. Super comfortable, stylish, great for running or just hanging around. The only downside is I'm 5'8&#34; and they definitely don't give me any height! lol. By the way, I've tried the 4.0 and 5.0 and the Nike 3.0s are by far my favorite.", "I buy only Nike shoes and they always fit the same. These shoes run skinny and am having some serious troubles trying to break them in. Wish I could switch them for a little larger size. My suggestion is to order the shoes a half size larger than you are used to", "These Nikes are very comfy and stylish. They are lightweight and easy to run, bike, or just wear around the city in. I would recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable everyday shoe.", "..pretty much says it all.  love the color, the fit, and the way they feel!I have gotten may compliments on them in a short period of time.", "AWWWW, JUST LOOK AT HOW CUTE THESE ARE. I GOT THESE FOR MY NEW GRANDBABY. THEY ARE SO SOFT AND I'M SURE WILL BE COMFY ON THE LITTLE FEET!", "I love them they are so cute!!! They probably won't fit for long because baby grow so quickly but I'm sure my cousin will love them for her baby thnx", "Ordered these for my boyfriend a year ago, he loves them! thier exactly like the picture and graet fit. Brand new with box. I will be ordering again!", "Im 12 all over again so comfortable all swade light and dare i say dam good looking too think i'm getting the borax next", "How am I supposed to know if they are real? Some advice is that you go on the Internet and look for what the difference of fake and real Jordan 7. Real or not?", "This Olymic Jordan retro 7 is a well made comfortable addition to any collection.The colorway is a welcome addition and a way to express Olypmic spirit and remember Dream team. It fits well and is all well detailed.", "Just like in da store love it buy all my air force and air mak on this sit it just take me to cliks do it while at work or even when i am driving", "I have a 34 inch waist and wear Lg sports clothing , shirts ect&#8230;. This vest is nothing special for the price and much to loose fitting at the waist. Perhaps better for 38 inch plus. disappointed", "Not the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned..... Not worth the $$$ spent on em!!!! If I had to do it all over again.... Proble wouldn't have bought these shoes.", "fit tight for size, also pricey, they are just okay, probably wouldnt purchase again though.  not very comfortable, oh well", "These were purchased for my 16 year-old son for soccer.  He says they are very comfortable and grip the turf good.", "Amazing shoes. Lightweight, comfortable, and decent padding. Only complaint is the cost...but after looking around at similar shoes,  the price was comparable. Definitely worth the investment for a good soccer shoe. These shoes are being used on turf and grass- they work well on both. My daughter wants to add in that they still smell good!", "They are slightly lighter than the old CTRs and i prefer the maestri II but they were good. They didn't supply much protection from cleats", "I love them so much and I know my boyfriend is going to love them even more. I was very impressed on how fast they arrived. The quality is absolutely perfect. One of the best pair of shoes I have ever purchased!", "Yes I was truly happy with the fast service and good quality merchandise very comfortable sneaker I just love the sneaker over all thank u and I whould shop again. They are very good buisnes people to deal with. They sent tracking number which is always very important yes I'm very happy.", "If you just gotta have the latest kicks, I guess these will seem like a bargain.  I'm not convinced that they're worth all the money I paid for them.  I bought 1/2 size larger than I normally wear and they still squeeze my feet half to death.  For someone who gets a good fit, I would imagine they'll do the trick.  Great ankle support, by the way, which is a huge reason I bought them.  If you can, try on a few pairs in person.  You might have better luck than I did.", "My son really likes the sneakers. Although I think they look space shoes. But I don't have to wear them.", "These are perfect for the wanna be prima donna who doesn't care about comfort or function.  They are not comfortable and do not conform after being broken in.  I had hoped for better as my memories of these kicks in the 90's were good.  Save your money and go to Payless, no thanks NIKE!", "The overall classic design and look is intact. Nike did a good job at remaking these.But one major issues is that they have too much cushion around the ankle. I know that these are trainers for American football, but they are a bit tight for everyday usage.My word of advice is to purchase them 0.5 a size larger than your usual fit. This will ensure that they aren't too snug when you wear them on a daily basis.", "Like this product! fits perfect and the quality is as good as all nike stuff i ve purchased, It  arrived on time", "Very comfy great for people with a flat foot. Didn't buy my pair from here, but I got fitted with them due to my heel to toe walk. Extremely lightweight with breathable mesh. I'm in track and field and this shoe is a dream for long distance running. Be careful with taking them off I was advised to not kick them off because the back side is sensitive to harsh treatment as such. If you run from a 800m and higher these are some shoes I'd look into if I were you.", "my girlfriend's nephew loved them, the color is more vivid than in the picture (that's great!) it fit him nicely. All in all a great purchase! As for the service in general, it was really fullfilling our spectations.", "I was looking for lightweight sneakers for cross training - specifically kickboxing. I needed ankle support and couldn't find any mid tops until i stumbled on these. Awesome awesome lightweight flexible supportive sneakers!!! Looked way better than the pic when they arrived.", "These are some great shoes, the size is perfect and the color right one.  However, the picture shows the shoes with royal blue shoe strings, arrived with only white shoe strings,,, somewhat disappointed!  Arrived on time and in good condition.  Happy!!!", "I really like these socks.  I like the fact that they have different colors (I especially like the blue), I like the fact that the feet are labelled on them, and the fit is good.  The fit is somewhat tight, but I just don't try to pull them all the way up my leg, just let them be kind of loose pulled up half way or so.  They are quite comfortable worn that way.", "Although I would like a little more cushioning the real test will be how long they wear. Gold Toe only last about a year. Iron Man socks seem to last forever. I did think it was funny how they are labeled L and R so you can be sure to advertise the Nike swish.", "Too small for my husband but work great for my son!  So next time I'd buy the XL for my husband.  :)", "Says right on the label &#34;made in Pakistan&#34;. Change your description Amazon- a big reason I purchased these was that I thought they were made in USA.", "The color of the left side is different from the right side. I felt  the commodity is not the one I ordered.", "both shoes have a strange \"pull\" at the toe area that is a minor flaw in the \"fusing\" finish, this causes strange indentations which make the foot look deformed. i was really looking forward to wearing these but not if it means looking like i have deformed toes.", "my son has a size 15 and hard to find his shoe size but he loves them thanks also just a fyi they are a narrow shoe so just let people know in your description other than that great job", "As an actuall running shoe I would not recomend this as I use minimalist shoes. But for track the style is great for going to meets and warming up. Its heavy and supportive which is what I look for in a warm up shoe.", "Dear Amazon. I did have a big problem with this product. At the website, the colour of the shoes is described as &#34;Hasta-Sunbust-Neutral Grey&#34;. But it ain't truth. The shoes that i have in my house right now is GREEN. And it is awful, by the way!!!I'd like to send you a picture to show it to you the exactly colour of the product!! Or, the photos at Amazon's website are TOTALY, i mean, TOTALY different as they should be.I am very angry about that. I payed more that one hundred dollars for a green shoes that i thought it was GREY, like the photos!", "the item was an open one used without the shoes fillingsthe box came without a lead the shoe lasses were opensomebody already try the shoes and walk with itthe half box came torn in a thank you shopping bagand after all the shoes are too smalli am going to return it for full refund", "My boyfriend got these for me for my birthday & I absolutely love them ! The color is so vibrant and pretty ! Got lots of compliments on them :) highly recommended .", "Just got my shorts in! They look great and fit well, too! Really comfy, soft material(not sweaty weird-work-out material). Light weight, good length. I will enjoy having these. I recommend them to anybody.", "I had my first pair of Nike Air Max shoes back in 1997.  They were the best shoes I have ever had.  I have been looking for these ever since.  This shoe was similar to what I remember, but the arch support was not quite as high.  It is still a great shoe.  The product was in brand new condition upon receiving them and I received them a day early.", "My husband hates to buy his own socks, but this time he regretted me buying them!  Shoddy quality and way too small for his size 12 feet!  Perhaps if I had ordered up to the next size the choice would have been more satisfactory, but I doubt it.  I would not recommend these socks to anyone.", "It's an incredibly nice looking shoe but the quality sucks and the material is cheap which is surprising because Nike usually make a good shoe. I'm thinking these were a knock off because after 2 weeks they began to fall apart. I've worn Nike shoes all my life and this has never happened. In fact, I've never had a pair of Nike shoes that didn't last 5 years. Not to mention the tag inside of the shoe says made in Indonesia when all of my other Nike shoes says made in China. They totally ripped me off and with all the fakes that are going around I'll be sure to do my research next time before ordering anymore Nike shoes online.", "I had purchased a pair like this a year ago in grey at a Nike outlet store and fell in love with them. Had no idea they were D'Wade shoes at the time. But, I liked the color, fit and comfort of the shoe. So a year later after mine getting beat up I wanted to replace them and had no idea they came in black. I absolutely love these gym shoes!!!", "THese are great But OF course they are they are air max! a great working out and running shoe. A perfect well put together shoe.", "My son loves them! He's had them on everyday since he got them and he swears his basketball gaming skills have improved since day one of wearing them.", "the greatest cycler that ever competed in the sport. The item came on time, a little tighter than what i thought but i love them , very good service from the vendor! thank you.", "I didn't like this product because is too big for me. It didnt fit me well, It wasn`t as I expected: Thank you for considering my opinion.", "He get a lot of compliments about these shoes and they look exactly like the picture. The fit was just right as well.", "These don't get in the way of my ski boots and provide extra warmth for downhill skiing.  They are sweatpants after all, so not much to gush about, but they work fine.", "They fit as expected, looks good with jeans or shorts casual look if you want. Dress them up or down", "I can wear the 9.5 or the 10. They are slightly narrow by the bunion area of the foot, but with everyday wear, they begin to loosen up and it is a perfect and comfortable fit.I have several  pair of this sneaker and it is going to be a really foot cuteness SUMMER!", "I freakin love them....!!!! My favorite forces by all means. Easy to keep up, can dress them up or down and good for multiple occasion. Also very comfortable!", "Love them so comfy and cute. I would highly recommend these sneakers I get so many complements! They are a little snug but feel great when walking.", "LOVE this wedge shoe...Had previously purchased these in Army green, and I HAD to have this color, as well...I'm sure I'll purchase another pair once I find a color I love!!  SUPER comfortable and the wedge add a sporty casual flair!!", "I'm size 6It fits on my feet.not heavy, sharp looking, comfortable.This is my best choice.I love it", "They fit just as expected and are surprisingly super comfy!!! Love the color, style, height. Though i do have to un-lace them one or two times to get them on and off, but other than that,they are fantastic!!!", "I like purchasing from Amazon not always what I expect but ok, easy to purchase and easy returns if needed", "i loveeeeeeeeeee my dunks&#10084;&#65039;&#10084;&#65039;&#10084;&#65039; BUT! the top of the shoe (where the pinky toe & bunnon spots are) is a bit tight... i wore them twice & then the third time the were stretched out & it was weird cause the 1st day i wore them, the back was flappying off like they were too big.... i still love them, im definitley getting more & jus may have to get tye .5 size&#128516;", "I can't wear these because of the wedge in the heal, I tip right over so I will need to return them.", "Awesome style, fit and look on my feet.  Now I'm going to order the all white to profile for the summer.", "Nice! A little tight across the top of my foot but that will give over time! This is a great buy for on the go Moms!", "I've always wanted to try a pair of sneaker wedges, and these are greatfor a lady who barely wear sneakers.", "I don't know why it took me this log to order a pair of these awesome shoes!! I love them. They do run about a half size too small. I read this in a previous review so I ordered a 6.5 instead of my normal 6. I love heels and these are perfect for me. I wear them with skinny jeans or boyfriend jeans every weekend. They are very well made! And I will be purchasing more colors immediately!!", "These are super cute... I love the lizard like imprint on the leather. However, they are a little tight in the front and although I wear high heels on a consistent basis... My arch felt uncomfortable after a few hours.", "They fit great and are very comfortable! I usually have to go up a 1/2 size with any nike sneakers and these were no exception.", "Comfortable and stylish. Second pair I've bought this year. Gives you height w/o the discomfort of regular heels and I love that the wedge is hidden.. Most people thought they were hi-tops at first glance. The quality is good, only complaint is they started creasing at the toe after only 1 day of wearing them. All in all I'm very happy with my purchase.", "Great dress, but too short for me to wear as a dress. Would be perfect as a beach cover up.", "These had a weird stitching in the front, very small for a large, and seemed like they were from the 70's or something.", "I'm a size 11 actually but I bought this shoes 11.5 cuz they didn't have 11, I don't regret it, I can wear 11.5 but anyways this shoes are fantastic, very comfortable and pleasant to walk/run around with, I like the style and the colors are great, anyone for running shoes this is a great choice!", "I bought these for my son and they are the only shorts he will wear!  They are his new favorites.  I am ordering another pair!", "The sizing is a little miss leading.  Go for a half size or 1 size smaller and they should fit perfectly.", "small not my size  my size 11.5 and my order is 11.5 i dont no what the proplem i dont no what to do", "I like it . It's very comfortable and light shoe. I plain to buy another  one very soon.It's fit perfect to my feet.", "as expected, very light wieght and comfort. I was using addidas in the past, but now i tried this one and liked it.", "Because the quality as not what i expected! It seems that it won't last much! Nike is supposed to last. Mt husband is saving because he doesn't think they are strong enough! A little bit regreted!", "I have two pairs and just bought this pair for my boyfriend.  We both work out a lot and run/jog frequently on pavement.  THis is the first shoe I have owned that doesn't make my knees and/or hips sore when I run.  Also, I have yet to get shin splints and this would be the first time in my life I haven't suffered from shin splints after running/walking on pavement.  I recommend these shoes to anyone who is active in general.", "The shoe is what I expected except for one thing... The squishing/squeaking soles and insoles. It feels like I am walking/running with wet socks and water-logged shoes.  It's bad enough to feel like I am walking on sponges, but the squeaking nose the soles make will drive anyone crazy.  If you really want a pair of these shoes, buy them in store.  Walk around a bit and make sure you don't get a pair with this flaw.", "I absolutely love these shoes. They fit great, feel great and look great! They are super light weight and very comfortable! They feel like slippers with laces! Highly recommend these to anyone looking for a nice pair of running/workout/hangout shoes!", "Love them! Got then quickly, great fit, color as described. Bought them for a family member and they are pleased", "Bought these for my 11 year old son to replace another version of Nike. Price was right (less than in the stores we visited first). We are both happy!", "These are really really comfortable to walk or run in which is why I ordered a pair for someone I know. There was a bit of a snafu with my order and such, but was quickly resolved thanks to the customer service over at Sole Place. Thanks guys for these awesome shoes and for all your help! Would recommend these shoes and buying from Sole Place as both of them are AWESOME! Very happy with this purchase!", "These shoes run very small. I sent them back and got a 10.5 and they are too small. When you read order a full size bigger..LISTEN.", "Too little support. Good training shoe. Comfortable. Bad running shoe. I will probably try larger size for training shoe.Thanks", "This is my second pair of Nike Free's, they fit as expected and are very comfortable. I use them most for cross training and just a shoe to wear all day long. The last pair I had lasted almost 7 years so I hope I get the same longevity from these. I would highly recomend.", "Fit as expected, but snug, which I like. A little more cushion than the New Balance 730 that I've been wearing.", "This shoes fit a little tight but started to stretch out after wearing.  My grandson loves them.  He said they fit better after wearing them for a little while.", "Great shoe. The tongue is partially sewn in, so it stays in place. Not as snug as the nike free 3.0 which is like a sock fit. And these are way better than the nike free run 3. Great feel and very comfortable. Just order a half size up. The colors are hot and bright. The pics don't do them justice!", "These shoes are about the perfect combo of light weight, comfort, some cushioning and still retaining somewhat of a barefoot feel. I have the 3.0, 4.0, and the think the little bit of extra cushioning in the 5.0's just makes them ideal. They are so comfortable I wear them every day and bought a second pair to keep when my first one's wear out. They do run about a half size small.", "I live by the nike free run 3.0's and decided to give the 5.0's a try i was a bit skeptical but after recieving these shoes in a record breaking 4 days I have fallin in love with the style and comfort of the shoes. I would recommend getting a half size bigger than what you normally wear due to the fact that these shoes are a bit snug upon arrival. I am a 10.5 and the shoe fits fine its just needs to have maybe a 1/4 inch more space for my toes. But overall its an amazing shoe and I have already run 20 miles with this shoe and no complaints.", "I love these shoes. Perfect cushion and perfect fit. I wear 7.5 converse and 9 nikes so when buying these consider a size up. The colors are very vivid. Flexibility is great as commercialized. Just don't do dumb stuff like me playing indoor with these and such b/c those activities mess up your bottom of the shoe.", "not much to say but i love these shoes and the color i wanted and sooo comfortable  thank you so much", "Great and i wish i could get another par like them! really enjoying them a lot. I'm loving it! YES", "They are perfect.  On the expensive side and run a little small.  They are light and comfortable for his wide foot but wear out quickly for the money.", "These shose are ok if you want to look cool but they are not for serious runner, they do not provide feed back from the ground and will eventually cause injury.I only wear them on days when I know I won't be running. I like new balance better for running.", "Shoes fit and feel great. They run small so I ordered a half size bigger which cannot be found in the store (in a size 12.5).", "Great shoes, they are really comfortable and so light. Be carefull chosing the sizes, I got another Nike's running shoes and they're 10.5 and they fit me great; but when i ordered this Nike Free 5.0+ in 10.5, they were smaller than I expected, I'm able to use them, but my feet are so tight inside the shoes.", "Shoe fits very well and is very comfortable.  It fit a little tight at first, but broke in very nicely.  The support is nice.  Not sure how much the flywire actually contributes to the whole thing, but it looks cool I guess.  Shoe is easy to slip on and off, but never feels like it will fly off your foot.", "This shoes are comfortable and light. I took the advice of buying a 1/2 number bigger size from my usual shoe size and it worked perfectly... I recommend the same.", "Two thumbs up! They are absolutely comfortable and they are so stylish and I feel great while wearing them around", "Great running shoe. The previous reviews are correct on the sizes. The shoes run small so I ordered a .5 size larger and they are perfect.", "We used the measurements in centimetres on the website to fit the shoe. This was one size smaller than we normally order but went by the websites measurements. Really disappointing as the company has a no return/exchange policy for international orders.", "My son is enjoying his shoes.  I searched several other venues but realized l saved the most money here.  Thank you!", "Love the Free Runs by Nike and these  pics don't do these shoes justice. They are light, comfortable and look good!", "My first pair of dedicated running shoes and boy was it worth it.  A great investment that your feet and shins will thank you for in the long run.  Fit exactly like i thought it would not too small or big.", "Everything I expected. Crisp, clean, new. Fresh out of the the hands of an infant working in a Chinese Nike Factory.", "The shoes look great, feel good and it was really easy to order. This was a Great experience with amazon and I love my new shoes.", "When I first saw the shoes I was concerned how I was going to fit my foot into that small hole...it did take a bit of work to get the shoes on, but once on they were incredibly comfortable and now a week later after stretching and molding to my feet with everyday use, they are perfect.", "After a month of owning this shoe a chunk of the sole has come off. A week later another chunk came off. This shoe was only worn @ 30 hrs that entire month. I do not like the plastic that the lacing goes through. Makes it look cheap.", "Most comfortable sneakers I've wore. Great for running and volleyball. I'll keep on getting these until I find better shoes.", "I love these. Makes foot motion smoother with those deep cuts on the sole. They look good too.I have short fatty feet and they fitted well by accomodating the shoelaces.", "I really like the shoe. They are comfortable and I am enjoying running in them. I recommend them to anyone looking for light weight running shoes.", "I have been wearing these shoes for a couple of months now. I ordered the size I normally get, even though i have read other posts that you should get them one full size larger. The were very tight for about a week until they broke in. These shoes are light as a feather and turning out to be one of the most comfortable shoes i have ever owned. They fit my feet like socks. However , i would recommend getting a full size larger, i had to loosen the shoe strings up as far as they would go. Just to get them on.  Also these shoes don't have a normal tongue. It is integrated with the main casing. So loosening the strings will on do so much. Great shoe, i am happy with them.", "this shoe is just a little small,i think size 8 will better for me.because of the design,all of this kinds of shoes are smaller than the other.", "i liked it because it is the same as the picture. The shoes fit me, they came the right size that i asked and the same color that i wanted also they took the same amount of money that it was shown so that's why i rate it high even though i felt i waited little long because it came the last day of the expected delivery time.", "If you're looking for protection/stability, this shoe isn't for you.  If you're looking for a great shoe to wear around the house/workplace-this is it.  Feels like wearing a sock.  Nike is stepping-up...", "I wear a 12, and the size 12's I bought were a little tight... Definitely would have bought a 13 if I didn't need them urgently.", "To small and not worth the price tag. Just get a good pair of Asic's that you can use for both the outdoors and the gym and you should be set. All these light shoes are not durable and after a year or so they're not so comfortable.", "Perfect running shoe! I like it! I run 10 miles yesterday and it feels like wearing air on my feet...", "I use these shoes for work because i am constantly walking and i would be in so much pain if it wasnt for them. Great shoes.", "It looks like small. Have some problem fitting my foot the first time. However, I used it a couple of time and I got used to it", "Perfect.  Nothing more to say... I wish alll shopping was this easy. WouLf be nice to have  more selection of color combinations.", "Great!! Love the shoes! Got them as a gift for my boyfriend and he wears them everyday! Fast shipping!! Thank you!!", "Extremely comfortable and flexible sole. Light as a feather. Still has support for the arch of the foot though. All good IMHO.", "I needed a lighter running shoe than the asics that i had.I am really glad i made the switch to these nikes, I move a lot lighter on my feet.If you can get these on sale i would highly recommend.", "These shoes are amazingly light on your feet. I have begun running, and &#34;oh my&#34; these shoes rock. I can run miles with these on! I'm going to buy more in different colors!", "I wear a 10 in women's, which is about an 8 1/2 in men's.  I ordered a 9, just in case.  The 9 was small and squished my toes -not long enough.  The 9 1/2 fit great.  Awesome lightweight shoes.  Great for running and crossfit.", "I Just Love Them They Not Only Look Cute But Are Very Comfortable Definitely Going To Shop For Some More!", "My son loves them- super comfy- seem to run a wee bit big.  Expensive- but good.  Hope they last more than a month!", "nice shoe excelent quality but i suggest 1/2 size more than the normal, i recommended the product for running there are so confortable", "Their size 10.5 must be different than all the other brands:( Shoes are nice but do not fit:( I wear a size 10.5 in every other shoe I havebut I guess nike is different.", "These are the most comfy shoes ever. Fit to size and hug your feet. Fits as expected. Order ONE SIZE bigger always!", "Like to wear these for walking around/work.  They run a tad small but still fit fine.  Very comfortable too.  Get em!", "These were too small for my boyfirend, as such we returned them and order a half size up..he doesn't love them though and still prefers his Brookes.", "Unfortunately I purchased three pair of the Free based on the fact that I owned a pair previously and loved them. These new shoes however do not fit the same and are not wide enough, hurting my feet", "I previously used the Free Run 3.  It was time to upgrade, so to speak.  I saw these had good reviews and jumped on them.First time seeing them, my reaction was..wow bright.  It works out.  Can't be missed and it catches the eye.Fit:  They're a little tight.  It took about a week for them to &#34;open up&#34;.  That's why they got 4/5 stars.  That's more of a warning to other buyers/runners.  Otherwise, they're a perfect 5.  They support my feet perfectly and they're light.  Gives that running barefoot feel.My suggestion, try them in person before purchasing.  Each foot is different.  If you like the foot, then buy on Amazon.  Can't beat free shipping or 3.99 for overnight (Prime members that is).", "were labelled same size as my  previous shoes (all same models) but putting them beside my old shoes the new ones were about 1cm shorter although labelled as same size. They were definitely smaller when tried on . I think they must have been incorrectly  labelled as I  have always used 9.5 size  with  no  previous problems !! I  have since purchased some more  (yellow-green colour  , the small ones are red )", "Light weight, yet sturdy for running and gym activities. 2nd pair of these I've owned and will continue to buy new ones as they wear out.", "So comfy. Super light. Feels like I'm walking on air.  Simply amazing!  My favorite shoe EVER!  Highly recommended to anyone looking for a comfortable pair of shoes.", "Bought these shoes for my 17yo son. They shipped out quickly and arrived a day ahead of expected arrival. The shoes are brand new. They look great, just like the picture. They also fit as expected. My son loves them, says they are very comfortable.", "The product came in a timely manner but that is the only positive. I had to pay $15 extra for shipping although I have prime and the sneakers were too small even though I purchased the same size I've always purchased in Nike shoes. I returned the product and shipped it and had to pay shipping again because the company did not cover shipping at all. SoI lost a total of $30 just shipping it to my house and back. I will never buy anything from this company again. Waste of time and money. No customer should be treated this way. I would like my full refund for the product.", "I have loved athletic shoes for the past 40 years and am very active.  I enjoy pampering my feet and am always on the lookout for the best shoes for my feet.  I was a slow convert to Nike Frees even though I've been a Nike fan since they started in the 70's.  After my boys raved about the Nike Frees I finally got my first Free +3s last year and they were amazing, what a level of comfort.Well I just got my 5.0s and I love that they went with the huarache (tongue-less) upper; better comfort.  The sole remains oh so comfortable.Most definitely, get a half size larger than normal and you'll be happy.", "Free run is probably one of the best AFFORDABLE running shoes. I am sure there are shoes that are probably better but most of them are $100 +. If you are not a competitive athlete, there is not need to look any further. Most likely, free run will be enough to fulfill your needs.", "I usually wear a 9 and for some reason not paying any heed to the previous reviews and comments I went ahead and ordered a 9. Alas, I was left to rue that these are made a bit too small. I went half a size up and that sorted all the 'get the foot into the thing' problems.. I am usually a big fan of nike shoes especially for the comfort it provides. I always feel that it has been tailormade to my requirements. This shoe doesn't disappoint. Decent grip and perfect cushioning. I hate to go on long walks with bad shoes but these are so good that I ran across the blocks twice as much. I was heaving and puffing at the end of it but my feet felt just fine. I can't comment on durability as I finished two weeks with these as of now. So far its holding its part of the deal. If it goes otherwise, i'll post an update. There are a bit pricey but if you can afford these go for it. Just remember to order half a size up.", "I love these shoes.  I have three pair of these nike free run breathe shoes now!  Reason being:  Because they are extremely comfortable, great for working out in, and the colors are very bright and vibrant!  Definitely an attention getter and I get lots of compliments when I wear them!", "Nice fit, for running 10k or walking long distances. Laces area soft( which is good ) and reflective colour makes them good for running in the dark", "I found the shoes very light weight and comfortable. Great design and a good spot for the sensor.  Product arrived ahead of schedule and seller did a great job with packing.  Keep up the good work!!!", "Great looking shoe, but the fit was too narrow.  I had to return it due to the narrow fit and select a different shoe.", "I've had every version of this shoe and the Vomero 8 has been the best shoe yet.  I've gotten the most mileage out of them, they are very comfortable for long runs.  This is the third paid of the Vomero 8's I have purchased this year.  Great shoe!", "I have back pain and lower body pain and now Im walking and running like a feather. It would recommend this shoe to anyone who feels discomfort from their daily routine. This shoe has put my life back into perspective since I can mobilize instantly and painlessly.  I could not walk a lot before and because of that my wife would suffer any time we would go on a vacation or theme parks since I would constantly sit down from pain or even worse have to leave early because the fear I might not be able to walk back to my car if I continue forward. We just recently visited dayton beach and Kennedy space center, my wife was so happy and even commented that she felt we really enjoyed this vacation because I could keep going painlessly.", "This is the best running shoe I've found and one I can not find it.  Nike please rethink this.  The soles hold up extremely well . They are comfortable from the beginning and offer very good support.", "They fit snugger than the Lunar Glides that I train in, but I like that in a racing shoe, & they weigh half as much!I put 3 miles on them and then wore them to a Half Marathon that took place on a very hilly course.  They felt great and due to the number of hills, during the race I remember being very glad that I wore them.  I also set a PR for the Half by nearly 4 minutes.  When these wear out, I'll definitely buy another pair.", "I've worn different iterations of the Lunaracer for years.  They're about as light as a running shoe can get and still be something on your feet.  Not the most cushioned shoes in the world, but still pretty comfortable, especially for shorter distances.", "I like a light shoe with alot of cushioning.  These shoes are perfect!  I have worn them on training runs, alternating with a pair of Asics.  I prefer these to the Asics.  I recently wore them to a 12k run and a half marathon.  They were great!  I'm going to order at least one more pair as backup.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone who likes a light shoe.", "Looks great! I ordered a 6.5 (my usual size) and they fit perfectly, not too big, not too small. Some may want to order half a size up though.", "I have always worn size 10 in Nikes. These seemed at least a full size too small. They're cute. I just wear them to work out in because my toes are curled up.", "Nice big toe box and great for walking as well as running.  Nice to have a pair of LIGHT shoes that don't drag you down.", "I love these shoes! Exactly what i have bean looking for! Great for running and going to my favorite Gator football games!", "Very light weight and comfortable.  I usually purchase a 7 and these fit as expected. The colors are vibrant and fun too!", "Nike Flex 2013 is a great shoe, i love it for running. Its a prefect fit, and it moves great with my foot.", "I have issues with both of my Achilles Tendons - I don't run but walk and this is the first pair of shoes I've ever walked in and actually felt the support in my arch and not felt that really painful rub at the back of my AT that I get with other shoes that are just too stiff.  I've owned these for a few months now and walked a lot of miles in them and still love them.  I will be buying another pair for sure.", "I wear them often, they are my favorite shoes. Very comfortable and super light weight! Great looking shoes, I highly recommend them!", "My wife loves these shoes.  Very comfortable and very light.  Looks awesome and feels great.Highly recommend it! For the price, very worth it!", "These sneakers are extremely comfortable and so cute.  I keep buying more (not because they wear out, but because I love the colors).  I am totally addicted to them for working out, for just wearing every day and for long walking days when in Disney.  This is my 4th pair and considering buying a 5th pair.", "At first I ordered a half size larger (10), because Nikes usually run small, but when I got it, it was way too big. I sent it back without any issues and got the next half size down (9.5) and now it fits perfectly! Very comfortable and lightweight.", "Not only did I love the colors, but my goodness do these things feel like a blessing to the feet! I work out in these and they cushion very well and are not overly tight like the Nike Shox feel. The flexibility helps take off the pressure on my ankles. GREAT shoe.", "I knew that Nike runs a bit small, so I ordered them a half a size bigger than what I normally wear and they are perfect! These shoes are super comfortable.", "These are some of the most comfortable running shoes I have ever owned. Light weight, good ventilation, and performed beautifully on a seven mile run right out of the box-no hot spots or blisters! I like these so much I have since ordered three more.", "These were a gift for my wife and she loves them. She says they fit great, feel great, and look great.", "These are the most comfortable running shoes I've ever purchased. I do not run but I have bilateral neuropathy in my feet. These shoes have allowed me to walk longer than I have in a while without pain.When I first put them on they felt tight & very snug but since the top & bottom portion of the shoe is &#34;flexible&#34; I decided to give them a few days & they became a perfect fit to my feet.", "These shoes are great!! Highly recommend. Very light weight and good for running gym or everyday wear. Nike stay true to word!! They run small I always get a half size up or even a full size up in nikes. These running shoes fit wide feet too. I have wide feet and the material is very flexible. I will continue to buy nikes and just remember to find ur size in this brand Cuz they do run small.. I'm very happy with these", "I love everything about these shoes!!!! Especially the color!!!! They feel great!!!! Breathable material great color!!! I've them!!!! ;) !", "Love these shoes. They look awesome and they feel great on your feet! They are very light weight.  It almost feels as if you have nothing on your feet.", "Light, comfortable and cute to boot. I mainly use these for walking and they feel great. I enjoy the light support because my feet are wide and have had side foot pain on the past.", "These shoes are light weight and very comfortable. The color on them is brighter in person but its really pretty.", "I have 3 pairs of these shoes and I love them.  They are wider at the toe and are super comfortable.  The only complaint I have with these shoes is when running or walking on gravel, rocks get stuck in the soles.  Other than that they are great!", "They're comfortable. I like the looks of my shoes. They will be used for track and hey will work really well.", "I'm not a sneakers person.  I hate big clunky ones or sneaks that have tons of crazy colors.  These were a perfect combination of light-weight and nice colors and comfortable.  Buying another pair!", "Perfect as usual.. A gift for my sister. Was a big hit!! Very excited and she loved the colors! Will order again", "I got these in the brave blue and they are very comfortable and great looking.  Best fit of any sneaker I have.  Normally I wear about 8.5 sometimes 9, and 8.5 fit great.", "I have a lot of foot pain and need shoes with cushioned soles, and these are great for me. I actually have two pairs now in different colors. I bought this pair because I wanted a pair without fluorescent colors all over, I changed over to black shoe laces. Love these shoes.", "The shoes are very light and comfortable, but next time I will choose a size 7 instead. I need to move my toes inside the shoes :-)Key points: light weight and fresh for going outdoors during summer.", "So comfortable. The shoe was light and cushioned. It fit loose around the wider part of my foot and snug around my narrow heel.", "I bought these as a gift.  She picked them out and she loves them.  They are super cute.  Not sure why they have a specific year assigned to them (2013).  They are cute in 2014, too.", "I love my nike flex running shoes. they are the most comfortable shoes I have ever had... They take all the shock out of the stried.", "I  jog about 20 miles a week.  I ordered a larger size (by one and half) so I don&#8217;t get bruised toe nails.  These shoes are lightweight and comfortable.  The price is reasonable; they are just as good as my other more expensive running shoes.  I&#8217;ll buy it again.", "I'd bought a pair of the same style but in black, well over a year ago from a store. I run and it's difficult to find a shoe that lasts me a long time that is comfortable. I searched all over online and in stores but found nothing until I ran into this one here on Amazon. It's definitely worth the money! I've had them for probably six months and though  I've worn them well they're still in pretty good shape.", "I read everyone else's reviews and they said to get a size bigger so I did and they're perfect. I'm usually a 8.5 and got a 9 and I love them. I'm a bartender and on my feet for 8 hours and these felt great. I got the orange and gray ones and got so many compliments on how cool they looked.. And the price you can't beat it! I loooove my nikes.. Great first pair :-)", "They are nice, comfortable and light. They run a bit small, so I ordered a half size up, and that worked out. Good quality for the price.", "First I should say I only wear Nike sneakers (last pair of sneakers I had that were anything but Nike were my leather pumas way back in high school).  For me, Nike's have a consistently good fit and support.  I use these Dart 10s for a variety of activity, I wear them on the treadmill and for Body Pump, Step, Cardio Kick, and Zumba classes.  An all around good choice ... and hey probably great for running as well but that's not my thing :)", "My mom use to have problems walking in the morning from foot pain caused by not having a supportive enough shoe. However, Nike as always provides a shoe that supports and makes you feel like you are walking on air. She said that she can really feel the support and has not been having foot or back pain since using her tennis shoes. And......Delivery was fast and arrived before expected.", "great product I loved it the excellent service from you through the shoe came in good condition but not for the next send me boxed in a bag is enough", "No fit , too smallI can not use themI lost money, not  useful for meShould add complete information of the size", "they seem to run more like a small then medium width. They are nice and will require stretching to be comfortable", "I bought these for my wife. Normally when it comes to sneakers, I tend to just hit the store because you never know just how it'll fit. Nike runs notoriously small, but after reading a few reviews I found that this pair seemed to be cut to size. I showed my wife and she liked the look and once they got here and she put them on she even happier. The fit was good and she says they don't tire her feet out like other sneakers she has had in the past. The only thing she wished it had was a little more arch support, but overall it works for her.", "I was expecting better quality. Size of the shoes where little bigger than  in regular department store. I kept the shoes ,but I would not buy them again.", "These shoes run a little small compared to the mulitiple pairs of Nike shoes I have had in the past.  They are very lightweight.  I tried them out on a 12 hour shift and they didn't cut it.  My feet hurt by the end of the shift.  There is also a piece of material at the base of the laces that rubs on the top of my foot. I still wear them out and about, but not for long periods of time.", "Super cute but get half or a whole size larger than regular Nikes, especially the &#34;downshifter&#34;.  Really Cool looking though.", "When I saw this shoe I knew it was for me. Couldn't find it, then one day it appeared. I love em!", "They ran a little big but still wearable in the size I ordered. Fine for work but wouldn't wear them to workout in. Happy with the purchase.", "The shoes are not at all comfortable, I purchased to walk in and I am not having a good walk. I will be purchasing other shoes. The arch support is poor and that is the most important part of the shoe. Unfortunately I have worn them outside so I can't return them! A lesson learned...... don't buy shoes over the internet!", "Nice and lightweight, really comfortable shoes. I think they are great shoes and will buy another pair when needed. I love the colors as well.", "I love these sneakers.  I get a lot of compliments on them also.  They are very sturdy, comfrotable and fit true to size.  I always need a half size up from my normal shoe size in sneakers so I wear an 8.5 and they fit perfectly.", "The shoe is comfortable enough.  It's not my favorite Nike shoe, but it's not bad.  I had to buy a larger size in order to be able to wear my support inserts, but that's not really a big deal.", "This was purchased as a gift for our niece who lives in another state. Glad to hear the size runs true. She loves them.", "These arrived quickly and fit me true to size. I used them at work and didn't feel any pain after. They're light, comfortable and just look amazing. The colors have stayed bright and still look like new after 5 months of everyday wear. Would recommend to friends and family", "When I buy Nike brand I know that they run small.  I generally go up a half size. Other than that I love them.", "Fit well but with the white soles, make my feet look bigger than they already are. Will be sending back and buying an all black pair.", "I love these sneakers! They fit perfectly and are very comfortable. Price is also reasonable. I might buy another pair!", "For the price, this is a great buy.  They fit well and are comfortable for the most part.  I have noticed that the horizontal band near the toes digs in a little bit which can be slightly uncomfortable.  Otherwise, I like them and am happy with the purchase.", "Two stripes along front of shoe are stiff and uncomfortable on toes. Otherwise, nice looking shoe. Wish I had tried these on first.", "they fit wonderfully. I love the pink details. they are very comfortable and have worn them for hours.  these are perfect", "and I can't even imagine a 12 hour shift without these. I have several pairs in different colors for whatever the scrub of the day is.", "SUPER AWESOME LOOKS, SEEMS DURABLE,I USE THOSE EVERY SUNDAY AND NO COMPLAINS. THE GREEN ITS FOSFORECENT  I THINK JAJAJA OK", "it was perfect I couldn't ask for anything better than this it was no problem at all in getting it and the size was perfect", "It was a gift for a friend that liked this model, it fits nice. Nothin more to say about an Original Nike.", "Love the new line from Cristiano Ronaldo, nice color combination and as soon as you step on the field you get noticed. These are fast, and make my moves more impressive than before.", "Light, good ball touch feel, and wraps your feet like a glove. I had my doubts but it was good choice.", "I am very comfortable, fantastic surface and I recommend it, the area has great ball control and great direction.my son loved it", "my son is complete happy with this shoes...and his friend want to buy.are comfortable and nice too see .", "Excellent product, as always Nike derauda not. Especially using the world's best player CR7. recommended product, good material, good colors.", "The color is much more of a vibrant orange than as shown in the photo. But these shoes are fantastic. I did not even need to &#34;break them in.&#34; Wore them the first time out and fit perfectly. I own many Nike shoes and I fit into my usual size. They also have fairly good traction for indoor turf.", "I ordered these shoes slightly skeptical about the quality, look and comfort of them, and they exceeded all of my expectation. First off, the quality is great! The SL (synthetic leather) intertwined with the air vents gives really consistent control and feel for the ball during: dribbling, passing, shooting, controlling, etc. The SL provides a good grip to the ball without being to &#34;sticky&#34; on your shots but has enough slickness to do an elastico. Secondly, the shoes look much better in person than in the picture provided. My main reason I was debating to get these shoes or the Nike Gatos was by the way that these looked. In the picture, the air vents look like they were &#34;slapped&#34; unto the SL and they looked too thin from top to bottom making them look kinda feminine. I was so wrong. The air vents were neatly stitched alongside the SL, and the thickness only looks thin when brand new and not yet worn. It breaks into your foot within a few days. Lastly, these shoes fit perfectly but I had to let them break-in for a couple of weeks since I had really wide feet and these shoes run a little thin and long (I would recommend getting a half-size larger for thin-footed people). After this period of time, they fit like a glove; really comfy! To sum things up, the Nike Davinho offers an awesome all-round indoor football shoe that can be bought at an amazing price. You don't even have to use them for football; their antique-ness with a modern twist can be used for a daily walk-around shoe and make you look good! Definitely recommend to all footballers! :)", "Shoe runs a little long and narrow I had to order a half size down. Once I got the right fit the shoe is great, very comfortable, touch on the ball is consistent.", "This shoe is very good for walking around. It is well made as well. But when I where it, it hurts my thumb a little.", "i play a lot of soccer and football so this is what i needed to get the work done thanks", "I recommend this shoes to even girls. Its so comfortable in running and has a great fit even though its for men.", "Just as comfortable as all Nike shoes with a 5.0 sole. These will turn heads everywhere you go besides just at the gym.", "These shoes rock!.  Very durable and attractive detailThis shoe set goes well with my running clothes is very durable. A little pricy but the color is fantastic!!!I like the color and shape of the product and it is great for in the 5K runs I do as well as looks good at the shooting range; color is high contrast on the black shirts/hats/coats I have.Shipping and delivery were great!", "These shoes are unreal. I use them as walking around town shoes.... They dont have support, so dont try and run or hike in them. But the perfect &#34;couch shoe&#34;", "The seller is reliable to contact and to get a quick response. The product I ordered was what I was looking for, unfortunately I had to return the shoes due to the fact that it's just too small. I usually wear an 8 1/2, and ordered a size 8. I recommend to go a size up because it will run tight. I will definitely purchase this item for a 9 next time.", "If you're needing a pair of shoes around a house, especially with hardwood floors, these are your shoes!  Lightweight and easy to get around in!", "Daughter likes this style shoe and has run on track and on the road. Has some miles on them so we went with 4.0's for indoor season but she still occasionally wears these. They must be pretty good.", "These shoes make my daughter's feet numb every time she wears them. Of course she told me this after wearing them several times outside, so we are stuck with them.", "I liked this shoes! they fit me as I expected and the color of the shoes was just right.  I encourage to buy some.", "l love them they fit perfect gotta so many coments on them planning on ordering mani more n the future", "These Nike flip flops r so nice n comfy I get so many compliments especially on the color I have ordered 4 of them in diff colors..these last soooo long it's worth every penny they cost!!!", "My son uses this shoe for lacrosse instead of football.  He likes how the shoe feels sturdy and supports his ankle.  He also likes the slightly longer cleats that give him more traction.  Will buy again.", "I gave these to a student who needed shoes at Christmas time.  He loved them.  He had the white pair, and this gave him a dressier looking pair that he could wear to work.", "They are good looking shoes, however, I normally wear a 12 with no problem and these ran a little bit bigger.", "I had a pair like these before and their so comfortable. I love these all black forces they're good to play basket or for casual looks.", "I've bought this product for my son,who loves Nike Sport Shoes.They arrived on time and my son enjoy them very much.Love Nike!", "Nikes fit me well. These shoes are light which isnt a detrement. Fit out of the box. Have 30 miles on them and no complaints.", "the shoes were smashed down and they look liked they had been worn but i like air max 95 but i wasnt to impressed with these ones.", "I played with the shoes for about 30 minutes on wooden floors for the first time. The fit and support is great as expected - doing lateral and vertical movements. The reason I am giving this 3 stars is that the out sole is easily worn out. I even removed some rubber particles, to think that I only played 30 minutes.  I'm thinking....I can only use this shoes probably 7-10 more times and its good to go.  Not buying this again, don't waste you're money.", "Good for outdoor play, fits nice and will check it on crowd play. Hope for a year it will serve well.", "MY SON IS REALLY ENJOYING HIS SHOES HE LIKES THEM AND THEY FEEL GOOD ON HIS FEET .THE COLOR WAS NICE AS WELL AS THE PRICE", "My son tried these sneakers on in a different color in a shoe store, so we knew the correct size to order.  The colors are as pictured.", "The shoe wonderful and very light and shape of a very special and exciting attentionIn fact love it so muchThank you", "Good shoe comfortable runs a bit small.  They are reflective top which isn't bad and grippy so good for most night running.", "If you are into cross fit or any other type of exercise, this is what you need to have. it's light, and durable, it will last you for long time. I LOVE IT! and i would recommend to every one. you will not regret it. great price for a great quality.Thank you!", "The shoe is comfortable and light weight. Its great for cross-training or hitting the gym.Be sure to get 1/2 size bigger because if you look at the picture really good, you'll notice it is a slip on shoe. It was really tight around the ankles but after a couple days in the gym, it &#34;stretched&#34; out good.", "I love them I get a lot of compliments on them I wear them for work there so comfortable love it", "Great shoe, but too small. I should have ordered a size larger. Had to return.  Love the tongue less design.", "Great running shoe, great for just walking around, fit is a little tight in the width but I still would recommend", "These are great shoes for &#34;movement&#34; exercises. My foot is allowed to flex in its' natural way as opposed to being limited by stiffer shoes.  The fit is intentionally snug so that the shoes work in exact motion with the foot.  Great buy - I wish I'd had htem sooner.", "I have had several pairs of Nike Free's before, and all were very comfortable.  I am normally somewhere between a 12 and a 13.  My earlier versions were a 13 so that's what I purchased.  My toes are right up against the end, and they are very uncomfortable to walk in, let alone run.  I also don't care for not having a tongue.  Overall, I hate the fit, and will not wear these shoes.", "Bought these because was having trouble and foot discomfort with all the lateral movements in Beachbody workout programs.  These solved those problems and are a great training shoe with multi-directional support and tremendous flexibility.  Like other reviewers, these shoes run small so buy at least a half size up.  Also, although I like the bold look of neon yellow on black, but my teenagers refuse to let me wear them outside the house because they think I'll look really dorky.  Fortunately, the exercise routine I use them for hasn't made me have to cross that bridge yet.  In summary, a good, solid, tight fitting training shoe that has all the features I was looking for.", "I did like them, but the instep was too tight, this is why I already bouth 9.5 I hope this ones will fit me well.", "Worst shoes i have ever gotten..it caused me sever pain every time i take a long walk with them they fit bad and they cause me alot of pain .. they were supposed to be making me feel comfortable with long standing or long walks but instead i have to stop and take them off couple of times a day to actually feel comfortable.", "I brought these for my brother to work out at the gym. My bro is a big heavy guy about 295. Lb 6'1. So of course it's ganna be snugs . Great for working out", "I'm not really a runner. But walk for maintenance. Definitely a better fit. Makes me want to run again as it does not have a high heel and very light. Well worth.", "Shoes are comfortable and great for gym workouts. I use them for P90 x and T25.  I tried them once jogging for 35' but the heels are hard and would be nice to have more cushion.", "Son is a NIKE collector and loved these shoes for his birthday.  Very lightweight and breathable fabric.  His go to shoe on a daily basis.", "These shoes are honestly the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. I read that these shoes were made to fit like a sock, and they definitely do. It almost feels as if you aren't even wearing shoes. Not only that but I have never experienced flexibility in a shoe like these have. I use them for weightlifting in the gym as well as cardio and running, and they are excellent training shoes. Would recommend them to anyone.", "I didn't see a whole lot of reviews on here so I took a chance when ordering. I'm a first time runner trying to get in shape and I bought these Nike's, a pair of Merrell's Barefoot and Puma's in the same order. The other shoes are cool, BUT THESE ARE THE ISH! They are good for training and running. Lightweight, fexable and still gives you great support. Perfect for those who train at dead lifting, barbell squatting and even light kickboxing. 2 thumbs up for sure! And, all the haters at the gym had that &#34;Daaaaang, I can see her shoes from the car&#34; look on their faces. They are super chic!Hope this helps!P.S. Good for feet that pronate ... like mines.", "These Dual Fusions are the most comfortable sneakers I've ever owned! Light weight, hug my feet but don't rub anywhere. Love them!", "The shoe's memory foam sock liner makes this a very comfortable shoe. The tongue of the shoe is attached so I don't have problems with the tongue slipping to the side uncomfortably. So far I like it for running, but if you need a shoe to help lessen the impact then you need more cushion than the sock liner provides. If you are a casual runner or just need a good tennis shoe for light work-outs this one is great!", "Love the fit.  Memory foam and tongue less style requires no socks and is so comfortable.  These are all around great trainers and I wear them for anything and everything.  Was happy to find in my size and they fit exactly like first pair.", "I do not like this review system.  I have nothing to say about this shoe.  Ordering it was a huge mistake.", "The colors are as expected!! They feet great, very comfortable. I highly recommend them. Love the neon colors. The price is perfect for such great sneakers", "The shoes I received are nowhere near what is pictured. Instead of being yellow and light grey, they are neon and dark grey with green/yellow splotches all over them.", "The Nike Women's Cheer Compete white training shoe is very nice.The fit is good and I like the ventilation it gives me. I use them for walking.", "Great for fitness, light, comfortable, just a little bit large, but not an issue when doing exercise. Nice bright colors!", "Monkey Red Kicks , love and they match perfectly with all my red tss, quality seems legit, I have heard a lot of bad reviews about buying sneakers on Amazon and I asked the seller if they were authentic. I guess time will tell but all the tags are on here.", "It's a great shoe and is very comfortable the only problem is that they easily get dirty and dusty. other than that I would highly recommend it.", "Beast! They fit perfectly and they came on time I love wearing them even when I'm not on the basketball court!", "AFTER GOING OVER SEVERAL OPTIONS...FINALLY PICK THIS NIKE MODEL....I CONFIRMED THAT WAS THE BEST OPTION...EXCELENTE CHOICE...LIGHT WEIGHT...NICE COLORS...I DEFINATELY RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT WHILE IT LASTS.", "They fit really well and are very comfortable for walking. They look great and come with an extra pair of neon green laces. I got them in a size 8 and i will be looking for them in different colors!", "coordinates well with my workout outfits.  And really like the Nike brand shoes.  I have several different colors to go with everything.", "Great pair of shoes no complaints I love the shoes they do just what I need. Use for workout. Okay!", "I was disappointed because I was sent the wrong shoe in the right box. Completely different shoe and color! But they are comfortable so I kept them. Still need a black shoe, I will get them somewhere else this time. Usually very happy with Amazon, this time was disappointed in the quality control.", "These are sooooo comfortable.  I used them for walking and I can say with all the sneakers I have tried these are my favorite.  Will buy another pair", "These were a gift. My granddaughter was pleased.  These were the second pair I had gotten her. Had to take the first pair back which were a different brand.", "that I wasn't expecting, they did show up earlier than expected though, I will keep because I only bought them for work not to wear out and about.", "My 14-year old loves these shoes.  He saves for special outings.  He actually keeps them clean and he doesn't keep anything clean!", "I will recommend this unit everyone is a nice comfortable shoe is well worth it to everyone try it nice and comfortable", "I have wide feet so I was worried these wouldn't fit.  Not only did they fit great, but they're really comfortable.  The seller was great to shipped product quickly.", "This are nice shoes but beware they runbig we had to return them but they arevery nice will be buying morenice shoes", "Like this sneaker. Fits well, very light and overall comfortable. Very stylish as well, get lots of compliments for these sneakers", "Good looking shoe, especially for wearing shorts in the summer.But these are so uncomfortable and the construction is weak.  The outer rim near the opening below the anke fold out with every footstep.  I've tried multiple insoles to make up for the poor support and sole construction, but even the customized $60 Dr. Soles don't help.The only Nike shoe I wish I hadn't purchased.", "These were on my grandson's wish list and did not disappoint.  Lasted quite a bit longer than I thought they would as he would not take them off.  He has already bought another pair.  It is so gratifying when something works!!!!", "Absolutely love the shoes! I'm surprised they were a bit smaller than some NIKE'S, but they still work.  Maybe my foot's still growing at 32", "Well..........................it is not only everyone seems to looking at you, but feels GREAT. It is so comfortable, like it was made for my foot! I knew his would be a great shoe, but exceeded my already high expectation. Only can recommend.", "Perfect shoe and finally a shoe that fits me being in Hawaii there really isn't much of a choice or variety of size 14 shoes especially slip on to run into this product was pure luck due to it constantly being out of stock when it came to my size and i can say the wait was well worth it", "great shoes i've only worn them a couple of times because im wanting to take care of these pairs and since the weather has been crap lately i havent gotten to actually enjoy them but the next week is suppose to be really nice so i will be wearing them.", "Theese are exactly what I expected from nike, I love to buy nike items as they as they fit my foot like they were made for me.", "I purchased these as a birthday gift for my husband. He LOVES them and wears them every chance he can. He said the fit is great, very comfortable.The seller is wonderful. Shipping was very fast.", "Hello,I had to return this item as it wasn't as expected at all. I was really disappointed especially after anxiously awaiting the shoes plus all the hassles of the return. My experience was not the best.Thanks", "hey dear my name is hattim and iam contact with u more than 6 month because this item that u shiped to him you must be sure when u delivered the item 68844412 did u sure that right adress and how but my right sp 688144412 that very very very problem about your dealing with your customer so thst i wanna to replace my item or return my money quick  i wait u my dear quick please", "I bought these a few weeks ago and I have been using them for running and biking. They are very comfortable and durable. When I bought these I was told that they were a half size small but I went ahead and bought my actual size and they fit perfectly, but that may be because my foot size is between 8 and 8.5 anyway. I would suggest looking up your foot type before you buy, there are different types of shoes for different feet, some for speed and others for endurance, stability and training shoes that can also be used for running and jogging.", "It fits as expected, excellent shoes. Good material and colour and shape according the picture. I recommend this shoes for your kids.", "am so happy whith this product i recomended 100% high quality and very nice very confort excelent say no more", "cheap fabric, bad cut and built in bra is too small for the shirt. Would not recommend this top to anyone.", "All my work out wear has to be Dri Fit. I work out long and hard and this tank is perfect", "This was the second track suit I bought through this company.  The first one was a medium, and was too small.  The second one I ordered was a large and I got an extra large in the mail by mistake.  This company is in England, so each order took over a week to get.  By the second mess up, I was not interested in ordering a third time.  The quality of the suits was great though!", "BOTH NIKE TRACK PANTS WERE NOT TRUE TO SIZE,BLK/FUCHSIA AND NAVY/ORANGE WERE CUT LOW RISE,SLIGHTLY SLIM LEGGED AND  ALSO THEY RAN SHORT IN LENGTH. I HAVE MANY NIKE BRAND CLOTHING AND HAVE ALWAYS WORN A SZ. M,THESE WERE NOT A TRUE NIKE MEDIUM THAT I'M ACCUSTOMED TO. I ENDED UP GIVING THEM TO A FRIEND WHO IS SMALLER THAN I, INSTEAD OF GOING TO THE TROUBLE OF SENDING THEM BACK TO THE SELLER. I WILL NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN.", "They are comfortable and hard to find in my size. Great for running or power walking, great heel shock-absorbtion and true to size. I really like the black and Amazon usually has them in my size and color.", "This product looks so much better in person than it does in the pictures. They are easily wiped down to keep clean and very comfortable.", "I bought this shoe for my daughter and they are a very nice color.  She feels about an inch or two taller with the air system at the bottom.  It also has good traction on the basketball court.  The only problem she had with this shoe is that she got some blisters and they are a little on the heavy side compared to today's light basketball shoes.  Overall its a good solid shoe but probably a little overpriced.", "this is the one i like though it is a little small for me. perhaps the size of 9 will fit me better.", "Great sneaker! I ordered a size larger than my shoe size and they fit and feel great! I think I can actually run faster ;) Love how reflective they are too - great for running in low light hours.", "These fit true to size. They are exceptionally comfortable and light. Great for running without extra bulk or weight. The water resistance is an added bonus.", "These shoes are great-looking and also really comfortable. They are light and durable.I'm an occasional runner and the Nike DART 9 are great for the job.", "My first experience with Nike shoes and it is great! The shoes fit nicely and good for running, with fashionable looking. Very value for money.", "great shos, the quality is excellent. have no complains. 100% recommended.comprado desde venezuela, vendedor responsable, la calidad del producto es excelente, 100% recomendado.", "I had these in high school back in 1992 and loved them. They are basically the same as I remember.", "i like them, overall, but i hate my feet. my feet are so small. they kinda look like hooves. s***.", "I really liked the design of the shoes and colors. I bought them for work where I stand for 8 hours. They hurt my feet so bad and they are very hot! If your not wearing them for long and its not real hot out then they aren't bad.", "I purchased free nikes for my 2 year old before but was unaware they were wide--they fit perfect.  When I received these Free 5, they were very narrow and hard to put on.  My son had a growth spurt and his foot isn't as fat so he can wear them, but I still prefer the wider ones he has to these, especially if we are going to be walking around a lot.", "Shoes are easy to put on. No shoe laces to tie. They have Velcro. Shoes are very flexible and light which is perfect for my 20 month old. Only reason I rated them a 4 star is because they arrived a week past expected delivery date.", "There somewhat large but there mad comfortable. You don't even feel like you fet them on. There perfect when you're on your feet a lot", "They are your basic generic sneaker, my opinion. At this age not sure what one is looking for in a sneaker, but he loves them and that's all i care about!", "I love the classic looks and comfort of these Nike Classics. I was surprise to have found them and now own several more pair.", "I loved being able to order school shoes online.  My six year old Lhasa been wearing them everyday.  They should last for a year", "Nice shoes, like the colors and they are perfect fit. My son really loves this gym shoes, he likes how they feel.", "I ordered this Nike for my nephew and he loved it. It fit very well and he's been wearing it since Christmas.", "Shoes on Amazon are &#34;iffy&#34; when it comes to sizing. I have returned more than I have kept.  These Nike sneakers are a good value for growing children - on our third pair.", "My son loves these shoes. He has a narrow heel and we needed something light for him. He previously had Geox runners, but they were super heavy. He calls his NIke's his &#34;fast shoes&#34;.", "comfortable and light more than I expected and very light and very good for summer especially. try it this product. you will not disappointed.", "I bought this sneakers for my 5 year old son, seeing that he never has time to tie his shoe laces, and he loves them doesn't even want to take them off. I definitely recommend these shoes for your very active son.", "Young man loves the shoes,. He was very excited when he received them and says they are the most comfortable shoes he has ever worn.", "the shoe was very cute but unfortunately I wanted a kids youth and not a child, there needs to be more guidelines on the sizing. now I have to pay double postage when amazon says free returns on shoes and a 10% restocking fee, just not worth it to me.", "my daughter loves them, and so do i. comfortable, lightweight and stylish. now wishing i'd gotten myself a pair too!", "I love the shoes and the style but the fit is a little snug in the middle. fits perfect with the rest of the shoe.", "These are beautiful designed Nikes.  My 11 year old granddaughters put them on immediately and wore them to school.  Great colors and styling, and of course, well made.", "It is hard to find perfect man's socks in the store. Usually its 100% from synthetic materials. This socks have perfect blend with cotton and good for running and daily wear.", "comfortable, colorful, I bought this for a 7 year old and she calls them her highlight shoes, she loved tham", "The shoe fits my daughter well and looks cute too. The important thing is that she wears them instead of going barefoot.", "We had a hard time finding the right size of these for my 12 yr old son but were able to find them on here for a good price! They're exactly like he hoped!", "I bought this sneaker because Nike has always been my sneaker of choice.. I was looking for a running shoe and after some research I decided to go with this Nike Shox NZ...I am a size 9, my other 3 pairs of Nike sneakers are all size 9 and fit like a glove.. However, I tried these on and immediately felt they were too tight, too narrow. I thought that maybe this particular style had to be &#34;broken in&#34; and decided to wear them several times.  However, the subsequent pain, every time I put them on, lead me to believe, that either the seller sent me a &#34;narrow pair&#34; or in some fashion, a defective sneaker.  Either way, I am now stuck with a sneaker, that I paid $115 for and can't wear, since seller policy is 30 day return. I am disappointed and learn a valuable lesson to not buy footwear from this seller.", "I hope the guys get this sneakers if you love the colors and love how to rock the sneakers the way you want it to be. keep up the good work amazon and all is well.", "i bought these for my old lady and she absolutely loved them . shipping came a little slow but they were exactly what she wanted along with being the correct size and fit . personally i think they are ugly but she likes the lepard design or whatever . the material was realy nice though , not some cheap crap either. overall 5 stars . they made the old lady happy which made me happy. good for everyone . haha", "They were a little bit to big but an extra pair of thin socks and they fit perfect.  Loved the color of them, they are true to the picture a beautiful bright green.", "Excellent product.What I expected in terms of design, size and color. I really liked.I have no recommendation for improvement.", "This top fits great without being too tight or too long for petite people. It's perfect for running in the winter.", "Spent a lot on the shoes for my daughter, and the color Crimson is red in any color spectrum. However these shoes are Safety Orange!! not as red as the picture and description of &#34;crimson&#34; lead us to believe.", "I bought this shirt for my husband for his birthday and he absolutely loved it. He's owned every dry fit shirt around and says this is probably the nicest golf shirt he has. Fits true to size. The collar and sleeve detail is cut out. I thought they were just darker blue squares but its fine. It doesn't make it look weird. It fills in up against the shirt. Good buy - I plan to buy him another one.", "The photo shows a sneaker, but its a sandal! One two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven", "Although the delivery was pretty quick, the shoes were very large. It is now too late for us to order another pair since we live in Korea and the season will be over by the time the new pair gets here. It is hard having big feet in Korea, but my son was really disappointed! We can't find his shoe size here at all.", "I don't normally write a lot of reviews, but felt I wanted to warn future buyers on this item.  While this shoe is well made, it is by no means a WIDE width shoe. I think it may have something to do with baseball cleats in general because I also ordered a 2E width pair of cleats from New Balance and they also ran very narrow. Just throwing out that FYI.  Also, this seller requires the buyer to pay the return shipping.", "Very well constructed. I have it used it on windy and rainy days. Kept the wind and rain out keeping me warm and dry. Has built in full hand covers and half hand covers. Does fit snug.", "They are slightly smaller then expected but they do seem to stretch/loosen up after wearing for a little while.  I was pleasantly surprised when they arrived and they were water proof (goretex).  Very happy with these shoes and would recommend them.", "Very comfy and material is great as well, a must have in your closet if you love jordans. Would highly recommend", "that i got them for him... &#34;giggles&#34;.. now he wont take them off. he side they fit just right. it is a good thing that i got the size that i did because his feet have grown 3 size. wow it is hard to keep w/ him . anyway he loves them.", "Great shoes! My 12 year old son loves them! Comfortable and cool looking! Great birthday gift for him!! shipping was great also!", "It takes too long to arrive but the good thing is that it is unique, I have not seen anyone with a bag like this. and the material is very good and tough. I love all the compartments that have", "Great productChanged my podium standing from a consistent third to firsts and secondsI consider that great valueThank you", "I bought this for my husband and he loved the fit and color. I also received before estimated date too.", "These shoes have an amazing cushion which takes off the pressure on the feet and helps you enjoy your run/workout or simply walk to be awesome.I have had all kinds of running shoes in the past, but these are the BEST ever!! I am just about to buy another pair.I just wished, they were also available in ALL black. Nike - are you listening ?", "Beware!  The air soles in this shoe, the Air Max 2012 and 2011 are very prone to failure!  I've returned 4 pairs out of 6 total and Nike replaced them all, but it's not free to ship to them.  I'm told by a Nike Customer representative that the Air Max 2013 has a totally redesigned air unit (the old was too stiff and failed regularly), and sadly this one is based on the 2012 design.  I put them on and always feel the air bubles for firmness given my high failure rates!  These things can go flat just sitting, you don't have to wear them for it to happen, so check carefully and if you have a failure (all of mine failed on the left shoe only for some reason) be sure to go to Nike and arrange for a return authorization!Nike issues a certificate good only on their site, and you may not get the same model or color combo as Nike changes colors faster than I change underwear!  Amazon is always a good way to return items like this and you'll get good customer service from them as I have when I've experienced issues with ANYTHING I've bought here.Just be understanding of the fact that you may not be able to replace the shoe with the exact same colors.When the air units are intact they are incredible shoes to wear.... but....", "Excellent transaction! Will do business again.Too bad these shoes are rare to find. Wish i had more options to purchase more.", "great shoes but run too small..i would order at least half size bigger&#8230;i really liked them but had to return..", "I like it. The color is good it fits well. I also like the softness of the material. It is very comfortable to use.", "My son-in-law, an avid golfer, loves these shirts, and wore it the day after he received it...his good luck shirts.", "This was a shirt for an anniversary gift for my husband. It fits him perfectly and he loves his new shirt!", "Polo is wonderful.  I have bought several of these for my husband and they wash and wear very well.  These are the only polo's he will wear anymore.", "Consistent Fit, Excellent Quality, Good Price, delivered timely.  Will buy again, in a different color of course.  Be confident in this purchase.", "I actually gave this away already because it fits a little snug. (But, at the time I was also a little bit stocky).This is for someone who is already fit and wants to show off some muscles.  Not good for hiding flab or a beer belly.That being said, the shirt is of a high quality make and workmanship.  If you were to purchase this shirt, you will be fine with the quality.", "The shirts fits very well and the material is very comfortable. Good to wear even on a hot humid day.", "The Jacket was purchased for my 26 year old son and he loved it!  The shipping took almost 2 weeks longer then stated and since it was a birthday gift, it was a bummer to not have it on his birthday.", "I liked them at first, and i tried to wear them but i wasn't comfortable with those shoes, so i had to sell them. However, everything came just as expected.", "Shoes are not white and blue they are white and ORANGE!  That was a surprise.  Would have preferred the blue but not enough to send them back.", "I knew I was taking a chance when I ordered size 11. I wear a 10 1/2 in all Nike shoes. I also have not been a fan of gortex anything because every one I have tried on have felt so stiff, heavy, and clunky. I wanted Nike to be different. I also ordered grey which is written on the packing slip, but i received brown. Not a big problem.These were also too wide for me in the heel. I walk muddy trails and thought these would be a good choice to stay dry and have good traction. I thought it too much trouble to return them and i knew i was gambling. I have chosen not to let them sit idle in the closet. I put liners in them and wear very heavy socks. After a few weeks of wearing them, they seem to be softening up so i don't feel like i have two cement blocks stuck to my feet. Again not Nike 's fault. I am a Nike fan and that is all i wear for athletic shoes.", "Not as reflective as I thought... I mean this was &#34;supposed&#34; to be the most reflective vest on the planet right? Nope it isn't.It also runs really small and made me really hot wearing it.  It might work if you use it on cool days only.  Styling is nice though.", "I bought these shoes for my boyfriend and he said they fit very nicely on him and he likes them a lot.", "I'm still trying to break them in, but they're definitely at least 1/2 size smaller than other Nike Running shoes I've purchased.  I'll probably end up using them as &#34;every day&#34; shoes rather than running kicks.", "I was excited about this shoe ever since I saw it. finally copped a pair and they looked amazing and was worth every penny that I spent on it. this is a shoe that will turn heads and how the envy of many sneaker heads out there. shipping was very fast but the only negative thing I have to say about the order is that it come in a quite beat up box which I mind very little because the shoe was in great condition. other than the box, this is a must buy for the price for sure!", "The shoe looks pretty solid, just got them and they look just like the picture, there is another pair I will be working on next but for classic sneaker heads this is a good shoe. Only draw back is waiting on it, takes forever if you use standard but other than that it is a solid sneaker.", "Very nice and well made shoes. Besides being very comfortable, they are also very stylish and durable shoes. I really like them a lot.", "These boots stand up to anything!! I live in Michigan and in the winter time there is salt everywhere from the county's clearing roads and business's clearing sidewalks. These boots a amazing. So sturdy yet so comfortable. Didn't take long to break in. And came with 2 pairs of laces (one red and one black) I chose to use the red for now. I can't explain how well these boots hold up to anything thrown at them!! Amazing!! Nice job nike would definitely recommend to a friend or family member. They are pricey but if you keep an eye out you may find a good deal on them as I did!! Thank you!!!!", "I bought these Forces because I thought they looked cool, but when I received them I fell in love. They are my favorite in my collection", "Need more items to sell on website.......thanks .I will be purchasing  the Gary & navy both in the size of large & med", "These are authntic comfortable socks and there's not much really else to say but I love them lolThey aren't super soft like the men's ones but they are nice for small feet :)", "these socks are great, fit snug and are very comfortable  very soft cotton, however, wish more than 3 came in a pack.  I am always washing socks, and I bought 2 packs, but still need more.", "They came quickly and even cuter than the picture! The colors are actually more vivid and bright and they came with the original box.", "Good length, however the width is a bit tight. Nice color and good cushion for all points of the foot.", "This being a &#34;relayed&#34; post, because the shoes were bought for my basketball playing grand-daughter, who incidentally wears a women's size 9, just could not find the style of shoe in the women category. She expressed the gratitude in my selection, expressly that the Jordan icon was visible so that her team-mates might recognize, not just a girl &#34;thang&#34;, she sez. The fit was good and the &#34;swag&#34; was admired.", "Fits a racquetball racquet inside.  Big side compartments.  Small, velcro sealing inner pocket that will hold a cell phone or the shoulder strap, if you aren't using it.  Quality construction.", "Great fit and very flattering. The only drawback I can see is that it snags easily.  I was not expecting it to have a polyester feel.", "My son loves them. They came on time in a cute pullout white box and they were new in perfect shape and if my son wanted more I would buy it from yall again but he wants different kinds.", "Nice..good price, well made umbrella.  Great for my golf bag. Looked at a lot of other umbrella before I picked this one.", "Love this use for soccer nice and big the color pink is just what like and wanted the size is perfect happy I got this.", "I was looking for a bright yellow umbrella and finally found it!  The sun will shine no matter how many raindrops are falling with this umbrella!", "it  is tough  against  the  wind.  big  enough  to  cover  myself  and  another  person.  love  it!  glad I  made  this  choice.", "Was a bit skeptical when I read the other review, but I'm happy with my purchase. The item is as described. The shoes are clean, unworn and came in the original shoebox. They fit true to size and are super comfortable to walk in.", "If you searched for &#34;black&#34; shoes and landed on this item, be aware they're not black.  Instead, they're brown.  Confusing advertising by Nike, and frankly, unnecessary.  Perhaps experienced tea drinkers would automatically understand the difference, but how many of them buy sneakers?", "I was wanting black shoes with the white swoosh . I read the color wrong . They were black tea, wich made the shoes dark brown, but I still love them , and I am keeping them. I will try again for the black.", "These shoes are light, comfortable, and they look great!  The shoes are flexible and good for long workouts.  I definitely recommend them.", "I LOVE THESE SNEAKERS!!! I will definitely be ordering another pair very soon if I can get another color that I like. Very comfortable and light weight. Perfect for all the running that I do in the Army.", "Best shoes for the 'barefoot' runner. The soles move and sepertate with your movements so you can run with your toes and grip the ground. I won't run in anything else!", "My daughter was searching for these shoes for months.  She wanted to make sure the shoes she received was authentic.  To her surprise they were perfect and she wears them quite a bit.", "The product arrived on time and in excellent condition. It was a bit over-priced though as if you even go up 1/2 a size the price literally jumps but becaue these have been sold out a long time I sucked it up and purchased. They are true to size, size 6 fit me great. I absolutely love them and they were worth the money.By the way this is my second pair of Jordans purchased through Sole Place and the condition and service is great! Might order the Jordan Retro 9's Cool Grey's if you still have them thanks guys! :)", "Omg the shoe took a little while to come but when they came it was worth the wait they were authentic they only thing I thought was weird was the carbon fiber but I did a little research and the crbon fiber just looked different because they were the 2012 version gradeschool size but they were real!", "This is a gift for my cousin. She likes it so much! Thanks for your great service. If possible, I will come next time.", "Perfect,  delivered in 2 days! I wear a 8.5 in women the 6.5 in youth fit great.  Wore them all day with no problem", "I don't know if this is authentic or what but I don't know yet the Time will tell.  But for now I'm hoping that it's real (cross my finger)", "I rate my purchase with 5 stars.  They fit great, arrived early, and I got to re-live a childhood memory.  I'm 29 I had these same sneakers when I was 9.", "Why.... Great customer service, good quality, great price, and fast shipping! I must admit I have always been a little hesitant with these types of purchases, but this particular company put me at ease. I will definitely be making several others purchases with them... When my GS size becomes available :) thank you again and I look forward to doing business with you again.", "I am very happy with my purchase.Everything was perfect down to the T.These shoes are the real deal.I have a lot of Jordan's so I checked them out closely and this are awesome.Thanks for having these shoes for me cause I always wanted them..", "Love it my first Jordan's and I love it just so much money for this  but I love it  so much", "love it ,Nike Men's NIKE AIR MAX FLYPOSITE TRAINING SHOES 9.5 Men US (ANTHRCT...,its perfect,see you soon ,i want a run shoes", "Gotta love shoes that look like smurfs!Great playing shoe that has turned into my bar shoe.I have wide feet and fit very snugly .", "I am an indoor soccer fan and these are my daily wear shoes. They are comfortable and extremely light. Good water resistance, decent laces. Most of the shoe is double stitched, and the toe of the shoe is stitched to the sole but the rest of the sole is glued. They are holding up well after 2 months of wear. They do squeak when your shoes are wet and you walk on linoleum.Its July 27th 2013. The yellow circles are printed on and come off kinda easily. Really dissapointed by that. Will not buy them again. On the upside they have held up rather well as far as the leather is concerned.", "I have always looked the Nike brand because I love your style, and this is not far behind ... are very comfortable", "It looks very nice, but I used it just for 3-4 months and I had to buy a new one, I took a risk to buy it in cheap but I lost my money actually", "excelente compra lo recomiendo muy responsable llego tal y cual como se esperaba y a la fecha indicada de muy buena calidad.", "My grandson requested cool tennis shoes for Christmas and these are the ones I picked out.  According to him I'm the BEST!!!", "What can I say, I love dunk highs. They look good with almost anything. Own several pair. True to size.", "These Tec Tuf editions are made with high quality in mind. I just received them today but I can tell the difference between these and the regular Air Force 1's. True to size fit. Very comfortable.", "They arrived quickly and the shoes are as advertised.  They are good quality. Just wish they were made in America.", "These shoes grip like crazy which I love and they are quite comfortable on the insole.  The outer shoe seems like it will scuff really easy but so far so good. Only down side I see b is the strap does dig into your foot a little bit and because my feet are a little narrow, the strap hangs off the shoe a bit. I expected a price point closer to 80.00 but paid 120 because I needed shoes.", "I'm very happy with this shoes, have a nice traction, fit excellent to my foot, the ankle support is excellent. Very comfortable.", "My son LOVES these shoes, he was very excited to receive them.  They are well made and stand up to a teenager wearing them!", "The 13 year old that I got these for loved them. His classmates thought they were cool-He wore them every day to school.", "my daughter will not take these boots off!  these are perfect winter and rain boots and keep her feet very dry.  she says they are very warm but i like the durability of the boot the most. these are very sturdy.  Cute boot for girls but run just a bit big.  we definitely get our moneys worth out of them!", "They are as good as advertised. Polarized lenses work great. Very comfortable and the vented nose piece is probably the best fit i have ever had on sunglasses. Lenses are interchangeable which is extremely useful if you scratch or break them. Only thing is in the item description it says black/black when in reality they are red/black, still looks great though.", "I bought these for my teenage son.  I guess it is all the rage is to layer Nike crew sock.  This sock gives the layered look without having to wear more then one pair.", "my husband loves these socks there are everything in a sock that he could have wanted WILL BUY MORE SOON!!!!", "The tongue on this shoe is part of the lining  you must fold it to tighten the laces, bad arrangement, I suppose it may be O.K. if you have a very  WIDE foot. I expected better from Nike.", "shoes fit great but are a little too stiff.  They look great but are not that comfortable.  If you are looking for a comfortable walking shoe these are not it.  If you are looking for a cool, great looking shoe these are it.  I have no idea if they work for boarding because I don't board!  But I am assuming that is why they are stiff.", "This is a good pair of sneakers. These are great for basket ball. They are also a laddie magnet !", "Great small size wallet, folds into three compartments hold lots of cards and doesn't take up much space.  Soft and smooth texture.  Had to pay 11 to clear it at the post office.", "I bought this wallet for my boyfriend he loves it! It is little small but it's still nice and  has a lot of space would buy it again.", "She loves her new shoes.  They are very comfortable she said.  I just glad she likes them.  She wanted them very badly!", "I was incredibly disappointed with these pants.  The fit is true, and they are comfortable, but they are very thin.  I might appreciate them more in the summer, but I bought them for coaching in a very blustery spring.  I have 2 other pair of Legends, one bootcut pants, and one bootcut capri.  I've had them for years, and with the exception of having to restitch a few times, I cannot wear them out.  They are fabulous.  When these arrived, I threw the package in my coaching bag and ran out the door.  When I opened them later that day, and put them on, I was confused as they are unlike my other Legends.  They are very thin and feel like knit cotton.  If I had another pair of pants with me, I would have sent these back.  They are not worth $60.  As it was, I was on my way to a game, and had no choice but to remove the tags and wear the pants.  If you're just looking for something comfy to lounge around in, I'm sure they will suit your purposes.  If you're looking for heavier duty work out clothes, keep looking.  I'll be heading to the mall later to find a pair of Legends like my other two.", "This is my 2nd pair. I originally bought from a competitor that was on sale. Went to purchase a second pair and they ran out. I was so happy that I could find a second pair. They are so comfortable to workout in. I do not like a snug fit so this was perfect. I usually wear a size 2-4 but do not have slim legs.", "These are by far one of my favorite pair of work out shoes!  They do slip a bit on the wood floor in the work out room, but I will take the slipperiness for how comfortable they are!", "I have about 6 pairs of Nike Free Runs and as they are not going to be making the +2 version anymore I was quick to order these. They run much wider than the newer versions of free runners and are very comfortable. Not great support wise but very cute.  The grey is a little darker than how it looks in the picutre though..", "gift for my daughter and she loves them and treat them really well. They fit just right and has her shoe game on point", "I bought these shoes for my sister. She raves about how comfortable they are. She has even recommended I buy myself a pair...", "Love these.  They're comfortable, and surprisingly stylish for being primarily black.  The lighter color on top gives them more of a loafer look.", "I love these very dope last of a dyin breed.they pretty much look like them eighty nine mjs.go brooklyn.I live in the three o five dough.", "These boots are cool, really comfortable and nice looking cause of the all leather. Doesn't really help that I'm a nike fanatic.", "Shoes fill great and as expected.  Went right to the court and havent looked back. Great purchase and great grip on the court", "This shoe would have been perfect if the wearer didn't have such narrow and long feet.  She was happy with it so as the buyer I am happy with the  shoes.", "Love because they look great and are really light and comfortablegraet for running or step and pump classeshave another pair at home", "Great shoes, match my uniform and very comfortable on the court. I have other pairs also. But these are my main ones.", "I have so many different out fits that match these sneakers its not even funny so im ver satisfied  to see these kicks.", "great fitting shoe, just has that squishy sound after bein worn already. Id definitely recommend them for others to buy.", "I bough these for my 12 yr old son who is a huge KD & Nike fan. he loves them! He plays competitive basketball as well as street ball. He usually only wears them for competitive games - & he loves them!", "This shoe fits so well and is very comfortable.  I have neuropathy and this shoe works better than any I have found so far.  I do feel like I am walking on air and I wear them most of the time.  I'm about ready to buy another pair.", "My 13 year old son loves these sneakers! They look great too! He goes through sneakers very quickly but has had these for the longest. Great quality !", "this shoe is awsome it has style and is the best  basketball shoe i have ever worn. i reccomend this product", "I love this shoe it really serves the purpose that it is intended for the use.  I really really like it", "I'm a long-distance runner training for a half-marathon. I tend to try to run on dirt and gravel trails as opposed to concrete. I have flat arches and overpronate, and these shoes were built for this and they certainly helped with that quite well. But after only 200 miles in these shoes, for the times that I did have to run on concrete, I noticed they were feeling worn out. There's no longer any &#34;bounce&#34; or &#34;spring&#34; to my steps and started developing outside arch pain due to the lack of support in that spot. In general, I don't plan to train in any shoes longer than 350 miles, but I had hoped to see these last to at least 300 miles before having to get a new pair. I'm ready to retire these early. I wouldn't even walk around for a day in these anymore - not enough support for my low arch.Size: I measure a size 6.5 but it's always recommend to buy a  size up, so I got a size 7 wide. I question if the wide size is what caused that arch support issue for me?Conclusion: If you overpronate, these are great shoes to use. If you have mid to high arches, these are probably perfect for you, and may be worth trying for low arches if you get the right width.", "I have worn Vomeros for about 3 years. I found that they are a great shoe for a neutral runner who wants some amoint of cushioning, I am glad I bought this latest pair through Amazon. Their vendor was right on as far as shipping quickly. That is definitely a 5 star review.", "i really loved it i use it every  day for university(it has a lot of stairs)the thing that made me somewhat sad a bout it is the white cushion got cracks and it damaged the look for this beautiful product! :(", "True to size. Soft feel with flexible sole. One of the best shoes Nike has produced. I absolutely love them.", "This Nike is very comfortable and it fits as expected from the sizing charts provided. If u like to run this will be great for u.", "Good shoe but You have to order a 1/2 size bigger to feel comfortable if u have a slight wide foot.", "Second pair because they are that good! I like having these in the wings for when my current ones wear out.", "On the first day I ran in this shoe, part of the sole peeled off. I superglued it down and since then haven't had a single problem with this shoe. It has good lateral support and does well with cross training in addition to running.Fit is as expected, color is nice, does the job.", "My husband loves these shoes. He says that they are very comfortable and provide excellent protection against pounding on the pavement.They also give great support.", "Best price I have ever seen in any store, better price than Zapos, and better price than on Nike.store on sale!!!Ordered on a Tuesday and received on Friday. I've been wearing Nike Air Pegasus for about 5 years now, so this is my first pair of the latest model '30'. I haven't run yet but tried them on as soon as they came and have compared them to my current pair of Air Pegasus 29, and I'm sure I won't miss a beat with my 20 mi + per week running regiment.I don't think I will even bother shopping around next time and I will go straight to Amazon when I'm ready for my next pair, in fact I'm going to order another right now while they still have my size at this great price!!!", "Great pair of running shoes, with good arch support when running. I tend to supinate, and so far (~100 miles) these have been solid and supportive. I also want to mention just how blue these shoes are. They are seriously, like mega-loud blue. You definitely get seen in them.", "I had a pair of Pegasus 28s that I put about 650 miles into, as well as one half-marathon, and one full, so I figured I'd stick with what worked. The Pegasus aren't as light as other Nike sneakers - particularly the Flyknits - but they do provide good support and relatively low weight. They seem to offer a bit more heel support than my previous pair of 28s, too.The design is pretty eye-catching, which is a nice perk. As with all running shoes, it really comes down to personal preference. I found that Nikes work for me, but I'd recommend trying before buying.", "I love these shoes!!! They are wonderful!!! Previously I had trouble running because I have shin splints, the pain from running was too much to deal with so I just gave up. With these shoes though the support and cushion is so good that I am able to run again!!! I highly recommend these shoes to anyone looking for that extra support and padding!", "These are best, most comfortable jogging shoes I've ever owned. I even bought a 2nd pair for when these wear out.", "It is good ,I like it .But it is not well for me , a little small,I can not fit it", "It's a wonderful shoe, I bought for using at the gym an it couldn't be better, I thought the color would have been to bright but. Not , it's perfect !", "Usually training for half marathons and running in NBs, but for longer runs, I wanted to try shoes because of their historic popularity and because I wanted something with more cushion.  This is a good shoe for longer runs, but not as fast and light as my NBs.  I've only run in these a handful of times and need to break them in a bit more, but already have been through 4 and 5 miles with these.Be mindful...", "Ok first time writing a review on shoes so here we go, I run over 25 miles per week. I go thru a lot of running shoes. I was looking for something with nike plus and this have it but I purchased this mainly because for some odd reason blue is about 50 dollars cheaper than other colors and that's fine with me. They look nice. I was used to running with the nike flex and that was like running barefoot and it all depends on your running style. But I found that with this there is a lot of support and less leg pains from long runs. Ohh and I did a lot of research before I purchased this and for the price trust me you can't go wrong.", "These shoes are both good looking and comfortable. They came quickly after ordering and the price was reasonable. The variety to choose from is so much greater than trekking through many stores. I don&#34;t have the time or patience for that!", "This shoe is very light and very comfortable.  It is great to run in and use it for workouts like Shaun T25 or PX90.", "great shoe, everything you would expect in a top quality nike. I have two pair now and looking to buy more.", "It's an Air Pegasus.  They have been making shoes with this name for a long time.  I have bought them three times and they have always treated me well.  Very comfortable and a little on the soft side, but still supportive.  I have high arches and a wide foot and they are perfect for me.", "These shoes look nice and are almost the same as the previous model in the +29 BUT Nike went and made a HUGE mistake and closed in the toe box BIG Time :o(  Thus making it a VERY snug fit for those(like myself) with wide feet.  I was so disappointed because I LOVE the Pegasus +29's and have 4 pairs of them for running and just for being in everyday while I am out and about.  These are just NOT nearly as comfortable and way too tight on my feet, causing them to need to be returned or gifted to someone else with more narrow feet than my own.  If you have a narrow foot then you might really like these shoes as they are very similar to the +29 and give a great return on your investment but if your feet are wide I would steer clear of them.  Wide feet go for the +29, they are the BEST!", "I am not a long distance runner, but I do run about 15 miles per week consistently and need a dedicated running shoe for support and comfort. Last year, my local running store fit me in a Nike Air Pegasus+ 29s. I loved those shoes and wore them every time I hit the treadmill until I wore them out. They were comfortable, cushiony, supportive, but not too heavy. When I needed a new pair I headed to my local running store in my old Nikes. They put me in these Air Pegasus+ 30s. I love these shoes even more than the 29s. Unfortunately the saleslady sold me shoes a full size larger than last year's Nikes, believing my old shoes were too small on my feet. The new, larger size is not to my liking. The store is reordering them in the same size I wore in my old shoes. Despite this small snafu, I am a big Nike running shoe fan. They fit my small, narrow feet quite well.ADDENDUM: I received the shoe in the smaller size I requested from the store. They fit perfectly, (running the standard 1/2 size smaller than regular shoes) and I've run about 30 miles in them so far. They have been the most comfortable running shoe I've ever used, with the right amount of cushion, but not too heavy. However, the laces are quite short, so if you are used to double knotting your laces, you will need to purchase longer ones. Although I normally double knot mine, I didn't buy extras, and these have not become untied so far.", "Fairly comfortable. I think the shoes will be fine. Hopefully they will stretch a bit as they are narrow for my foot.", "LOVE IT. WILL BE ORDERING MORE ONCE THERE ARE OTHER COLORS AVAILABLE. I AM TRULY HAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE. I TOTALLY RECOMMEND .", "I'm a 185lb beginning runner and run about 12-15 miles a week.  This is an excellent versatile shoe for roads and trails.  Perfect coushining, stability, and agility needed for my distance.  I liked the 28 version so much I purchased this years model and have not been disappointed.  Excellent fit for normal to wide feet and great arch support.  Toe box is wide enough to allow your toes to &#34;dig in&#34; for some torque.  I know what my standard trainer will be for next year also.", "Light, great color and fresh. Great feel and superior cushioning. A really good shoe just what I expected. Would buy again", "Obviously, everyone  has different needs in a shoe based on many factors. I am an extreme supinator who prefers a neutral shoe with lots of cushioning throughout. I can't wear any shoe with a dual density sole or motion control. I can tell in short order if I'm wearing the wrong shoe, as my arches will flare up during a walk/run. Generally, with Nike, one must buy a half size larger; this has been my experience, anyway. The Pegasus 30 is true to my normal size (11). The full-length Cushlon is top-shelf and it provides plush cushioning throughout the stride. The upper is breathable and seamless, so there are no painful spots on the top of the foot (or anywhere else). The shoe provides a snug and supportive fit and is light in weight. There is plenty of room in the toe box area, so no pinching. The sole provides excellent grip and contact with paved surfaces. Although I haven't run in wet conditions in this shoe, I am certain that the traction would be excellent. Now, I will provide a short list of other shoes that I have worn/run in for extended periods that I feel the Pegasus is superior to: Asics Kayano 19, Asics Nimbus 14, Brooks Ghost 5, New Balance 990. Of course this is based on my subjectivity, but the Pegasus feels lighter and provides more plush cushioning than any of these shoes. I will also mention that this is my first pair of Pegasus. If Nike continues to be consistent with future designs on this shoe, I can't see myself wearing anything else. Highly recommended!", "I run track and xc and these shoes take a beating. This will be my 4th pair. Theyre perfect for long distance runs, but not for sprinting. They look sweet too.", "I have always been a Nike man and this is another winner from Nike. It looks great and fits perfectly.", "Nike may have achieved their level of excellence in making this shoe.  This shoe is so comfortable and stylish.  When I'm standing still I like to shift my weight back and forth because I like the way my feet feel when they sink down in the soles.  My feet are surrounded by clouds.  Tell the ad agency to start the commercial with people running around all day with clouds on their feet because clouds are light and fluffy.  At the end of the day you show pegasus on their feet.  And show 120 lbs dumbbells on everyone else's feet.Thank you so much for the Pegasus.Just Do It!Robby Rice", "What a great product. Fits perfect and i already have several months going to the gym and running with no problem at all.", "Very comfortable, great price, fit as expected, perfect for running. I seriously recommend this article. The sole has somewhat great cushioning.", "The feel big and bulky; but them don&#8217;t feel like that when you start running. They feel light, comfortable and sturdy protect your feet/", "Since I am a 9 I figured I'd order them a half-size bigger. To my surprise they fit me snug. If you are going to order them I suggest you order them a whole size bigger.", "this sneaker offers maximum support for me - a supinator recovering from sore achilles tendon. trail running is fun again.", "Love these shoes.  Perfect amount of support and cushion.  I have a really high arch and I can actually wear these all day after my workout, if needed.  Runs a little small (or maybe it's my thick socks?) so go up 1/2 size.  Great shoes!  Love the colors too.", "I'm normally a 6.5, I ordered a 7 and they fit perfect, however a 7.5 might be a better fit. I do like that they are more wide than narrow.", "They all said to get a 1/ 2 larger and they were spot on!The shoes are awesome. i am a life long fan of Nike, having had some pairs for well over a decade and these do not disappoint.", "Have yet to run in them but they fit great, nice arch support and are super light. Plus the fabric is very porous which will provide good air flow.", "I'm wearing the shoes as I right this review.  The shoes were shipped and at my door two days after ordering (thanks to amazon prime).  As soon as I put them on, it was what I imagine Cinderella felt when she put on the lost glass slipper.  If I didn't have to work or sleep, I'd wear these shoes all the time.  I like them so much, I don't want to use them for their intended purpose (running) because I'd hate to ruin them.  I'm thinking about ordering another pair just run in.  If you're on the fence about these shoes, takes the leap and buy them.  They're not the lightest shoes available but for less than $60, you can't really go wrong.", "The fit of these sneakers are perfect I have trouble buying sneaker and these are the best in sometime I gave purchased Thanks. Do you have any coupon codes for Amazon I am constantly purchasing from Amazon but never can acquire a coupon code", "Because these shoes are amazing! They feel like walking on heaven thats why I am so pleased...highly recommended! Colorful and confortable.", "I haven't had any issues with this shoe so far...it fits just fine and is comfortable for working out (that's all I use it for, not every day wearing).  The material is soft and flexible and it seems to be holding up after many months.", "Light and bright. Very comfortable.  Shipped quickly.  Took a little while to get due to USPS. Fit as expected.  Will buy more.", "Not sure if it is just the style shoe, but no other Nike I own fits this way. They are a little loose around the toes.", "My son loves these sneakers. He is 9 years old with a men's size 8 foot and it is hard to find shoes that are high quality and don't cost over $100! These were a great price and fit him perfectly. We measured his foot on the Nike website and the instructions were obviously correct to get a great fit with a little extra room for growth.", "I didn't buy these off of amazon, but I do own a pair. These shoes are light, but still provide some stability. They are quite comfy. Definitely recommend", "Great shoe, comfortable, great to go running in. Must buy this shoe you regret it and it's nt a waste of money", "as light as can be but still feel very sturdy.  very good product and i recommend them to any runner", "Bought as a present for my husband and i was worried how they would fit. He was very happy when he saw them and he said they are also very comfortable. I am very happy with my purchase.", "Fit great, well ventilated, durable, and I even like the way they look. I'm usually around a 12 1/2, but the size 13 fits perfect.", "Nike shoes run small so I know to order a full size larger than normal..you should too. Shoes are comfortable.", "The shoes were 60$$ and there so worth buying them. there a comfortable fit, they showed up on time and they cushion your feet in the right spots. I recommend these shoes to people who run or need  new casual shoes", "over all everything is great very comfortable. affordable and timely. only wish there was more selection on sizes and width.", "its little bit bigger than I thought but its okay.the colar and layouts were like what is was in the pictures", "I like this product as where it is light and is perfect to when I play sports, loves the design etc.", "Seemingly comfortable sneaker, but way too big. I ended up just returning, not sure what size to exchange for so I just returned.", "Run a bit small I'm normal 7.5 and these are 8 and still small. I do love the color. Thanks", "I am &#8220;hobby runner&#8221; who is usually running at the gym, but I also wanted to get a pair of shoe that I could use outside once the weather gets better. While there are so many different options for outside and inside running, I am only using these shoes a few times a week, so I really couldn&#8217;t justify getting several pairs of shoes. Since my ankles are rather weak- I broke the twice- I really wanted to get a pair that is cushioned, flexible, yet stabilizes my feet while running, so I don&#8217;t get hurt. Its also very light which is a plus.I heard that its not the best fit if you are looking something for long distance, but if you are not planning to get something to run a marathon, but to have a real good pair to keep fit whenever and wherever you are, I really recommend it, I absolutely love them!Oh, and as a girl I also love that its not only nice to wear but looks pretty too :)", "Love the shoes - perfect fit and amazing comfort level. Plus the black/gray/white color combination is subtle enough I can wear these with a variety of outfits, even if they stray a bit away from traditional work-out gear. Can't recommend highly enough - my sister and mother each now own a pair, too!", "All I have to say is be patient with this shoe. I thought I made a mistake after I bought this shoe after my first use. After a few walks and runs, it started to feel very comfortable.", "These shoes are even better looking in person but they definitely are a little snug. Not TOO snug that I'd send them back but I definitely need to wear them in a little first.", "Fit well , same size as my other Nikes. Very comfortable with a lot of support for my bad knee", "I Love them!!!! They fit true to size. Favorite of all my running shoes. Would recommend to all. Great shoe.", "Fit well comfortable great arch support and lovethe look.  I would recommend them and have to all my friends and family", "I just love, love these sneakers. The fit is great, the comfort is excellent, I would recommend these sneakers to All the Ladies", "Love the shoes! I tad small but kept them anyways. If you order these I would sugget ordering a halh size bigger.", "These shoes fit PERFECTLY. It honestly feels like I'm wearing nothing at all. Walking on &#34;air&#34; so to speak. Even my posture feels better. I love running in them. Not to mention, they are super stylish :) I'm planning on buying another pair in another color.", "I think Nike's shoes always run a little small, so I order them a half size bigger. These are no different, but half size bigger fits perfect. These have just enough color to be fun, but not obnoxiously bright. Very happy with them!", "There are a little smaller than I expected but I can still wear them. They are comfortable.I have had more complements on how great they look. I have to admit that they are myfavorite colors!", "We had to take these back to the outlet and they only gave us partial credit to get something else. Not really worth ordering online!", "After I received a pair of these shoes as a gift I decided to purchase a pair for my older sister, since she works in retail and is on her feet all day.  She called and told me that her feet and back did not hurt, and she thanked me over and over!  I definitely and highly recommend these shoes!  Thank you", "Really like the style and width of these shoes. Very comfortable, bouncy sole as well. Length is definitely a slightly shorter fit than my other Nikes of the same size though, which means these are slightly small for running but great for everyday use.", "Love them now on ording from u now, don't see people wearing them love being different see u next school yr.", "Not only do they look great but they really are comfortable. Yes they are pricey but you pay for quality and style. I have had several people at the gym ask me where I bought my shoes.", "I had the Pegasus +29 and was wary of any changes Nike made to this new model, but it was almost the same feel (for me) so I was very happy!", "Bought another pair of Nike shoes from Amazon, see below, that were just good to go onto my feet out of the box.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0023QINXU/ref=oh_details_o06_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1OK, so the laces are a little short and the color is more berry than purple but those issues are minor considering the immediate fit.The Nike Air Pegasus+ 30, on the other hand, is definitely more purple.  The laces are also a little on the short side.  Not sure why, but Day One there was a little right foot discomfort that was not as bad Day Two.  I'm hoping, for whatever reason, these Nike's just need a couple of days to get comfortable with my feet.(Truth be told?  I'd go with the other Nike shoe.)", "These shoes are super comfortable! They are affordable and they are extremely light. I have purchased Nike AirMax in the past and I prefer these over the nike AirMax and the price is even better. The size wasn't irregular, my size fit me perfectly. I read a lot of good reviews before I ordered these and they really did not disappoint!", "Not the sellers fault by any means. I bought these by reading all the reviews but not once was it mentioned the shoes ran small. I wish I would have tried them on at a local store before purchasing online. Anyone out there reading this just get a half size bigger than your normal size or go try them on first. Even though they are tight I still wear them running I wasn't paying to return them. Tell you what I use to get shin splints all the time when speed walking not any more these are really awesome just wish I could enjoy them at their highest performance.", "Very comfortable shoe, exact size , some of the better color combinations are not available.This shoe is fitsole 2.", "I've been wanting these shoes since late last year. I was very excited to find them on Amazon. I got them yesterday and I don't want to take them off!  They are perfect- great quality. Couldn't be happier!", "GreetingsI bought a shoes Nike Air Pegasus+30 Green Glow / Black / Silver / White Running, size 8.5 and i received the same shoes but size 5. Therefore I'm not agree with the product received.I would like to know how can you solve this issue.", "I worn a lot of Nike's, but the Pegasus are definitely my favorite. I'm new on the Pegasus band wagon, but I'll likely never wear another model shoe. It's a super comfy and stable fit especially now that I'm running. Can't thank Nike enough for such a great shoe. Changed my life.", "I love Pegasus, I have been running in them for years, and have a ton of the different models. These ones are still great, but these pegasus just feel different than in the past. They are a little stiffer and take more time to break in. Super comfy after a week or two!", "I'm 7 months pregnant and wanted a comfy shoe to ubsorb my extra weight and handle my 4-5 mile walks. This shoe does just that. Perfect for now. Looking firward to jogging in July!", "Soooo comfortable & cute too,  feels like im walking on clouds. Arrived on time and had no issues. Fit great.", "They fit great. I read other reviews that said they ran a little small so I went up half a size. Usually an 8 got the 8 1/2 and love then.", "These shoes are quite comfortable, and this is the 4th pair that I have purchased.  The only problem that I have had is the size and length. My normal size is 8 but it takes 8.5 for this shoe. I started out with a 7.5 and now with 8.5, my toes touch the end.", "I love these.  beautiful color.  Lightweight and cushion sole make my morning run effortless.  Can't stop the compliments from coming even from strangers on the street!  Worth the price with comfort fit.", "Followed the advice of other reviews and sized up by half a size, but when I got them, they were much too large!  I have found that Nike shoes are a little weird with sizing (some run small, some large, some TTS), so I wasn't too upset by it.  However, I will be returning and ordering my normal size 8.  The Pegasus 30 itself is awesome.  I own Frees (3.0 and 5.0) and Flyknit Lunars, some Saucony pairs and honestly, these are my favorite.  They offer a ton of support for my knees but they aren't clunky and cumbersome.  The colors are super cute!  I run distance and these hold up.", "I've only worn the Air Pegasus for 7 years now. This latest pair is just as I expected. Great cushion for pounding the pavement! They have a bit more mesh than my previous pair, but we are coming up on a hot summer so I consider that a positive.", "This shoe runs slightly larger than the other Nike runners I have purchased lately. I usually order a women's size 9 but an 8 1/2 would've been better in these.Cute, comfortable & lots of compliments!", "These shoes are so cute and so comfy! I definitely recommend these shoes to anyone who needs some extra support.", "I love these shoes and the color and fit are great!  Will buy Nikes again.  Very comfortable. I get compliments every time I wear them.", "Fits like a glove! Used it to run on the treadmill and felt so good. Comfort level was an A+! So light and airy!", "I Love them!!!!  They fit true to size.  Favorite of all my running shoes.  Would recommend to all.  Great shoe.", "Shoes fit well and my daughter is happy, but colors looked better on line than they do in reality.  Over all we're happy with the purchase.", "I love a soft shoe and this shoe is one of the softest. It's like running on pillows, which I love. I haven't had them long, but I worry about how long they'll last. All that cushion... just seems like they'll wear out sooner than other cushion shoes. So far, so good though.I run around 10-12 miles a week, 3-5 times a week.", "its good. but color is bad.if you want softly cousion shoes to buy this.good. this product. buy this .", "These shoes are so comfortable!  They feel like walking on cushions.  I have a bad knee and these shoes help me to walk anywhere with no pain.  They're great for working on your feet all day, and for taking long walks.  Plus, the color is bright and absolutely gorgeous!  I have two pairs already and plan to but only these shoes from now on.", "When I opened the box I was amazed how beautiful this sneakers are and when I tried them on I loved them. They are light and comfortable.", "Very comfortable shoe. Love the colors too. This is my third pair of pegasus'. Would love to by more soon.", "The shoe is comfortable for a person with no issues such as wide feet or bunions....I wish Nike would make the wide version, I would have exchanged the shoes rather than received a refund.  Packaging was great, as well as delivery and return.", "They fit great and were so cute, but one of the shoes had definitely been used and even had wear and tear on the soles. How rude!", "I love the Pegasus.  They are cushioned and have a neutral ride.  I wear custom orthotics and the Pegasus works well with those.", "My new running shoes have been a wonderful experience, I really love it because are nice for trails and the cushioning it's great for my type of feet. I get less exhausted than before because my feet used to hurt me immediately I start running. It's the Nike experience.", "These shoes look nicely and is very comfortable. We like them very much. I would recommend them to anybody too.", "Love these! They fit great and look awesome! I am very happy with this purchase and would love to have another pair in different colors.", "Shoes get better as they get broken in, but this pair felt better from day one that any shoes I've purchased in at least five years. I have an extremely comfortable pair of UGG shoes that feel the same way.", "These fit just like described. Color is bright and red which works with my schools colors. Comfortable enough to use everyday.", "The sneakers fit great. Thanks for the follow up. I would recommend all my friends to use Amazon. Thanks again.", "Not sure why but the right shoe above behind the big toe had a pressure spot that was actually painful. No choice but to return these.", "confortable and light as expected, good for my back, now i can walk for hours and my feet and back dont suffer anymore", "I found the fitment to be inline with other Nike's I have owned.  This is a really comfortable shoe and feels great to walk or run in.  I like the mesh material as it really allows the foot to breath otherwise my feet can tend to sweat.  I go the white pair and they were as shown in the photo and look great, wearing them out I have already gotten a few complements.  Upon arrival the box was a little beat up, but overall the shoes were not damaged and there wasn't any incorrect stitching or flaws.  I haven't had any issues with these shoes wearing down as others have commented, these are more of an athletic shoe and I wouldn't use them in lieu of a work boot or anything.  Overall I would purchase again and Amazon had the best deal I could find on these shipped to my door using my Prime membership.", "These shoes are awesome! They fit great and are so comfortable and light weight. I would recommend them to anyone and I tell everyone who asks that I got them from Amazon...and yes they're asking because these shoes are fly!", "This is a great sneaker, it is stylish and had lots of flexibility and is great for running!!! you actually feel like you're doing a better job at running", "Great shoe and it is super comfy!! They go with just about everything and I plan on buying more in the other colors!", "Nice and comfy.  Standing all day and this is exactly what i needed.  Thank you for a great pair of shoes.", "I am a 9.5 and this shoe took some breaking in...meaning I had to wear them a few times to break them in.  Normally my Nike Shoes fit just right but I had to work with these a little.  I love the color scheme and I am sure the summertime will see me sporting these shoes often.", "This shoe, seems so great by seeing the pictures. But once you get them delivered, they don't fit for wide feet men, and they look as if they are 50$ worth. I have asked all of my friends about the shoe, and all seems to agree that the shoe is really not worth for 100$. Too pricey for the quality, and it does not support wide feet men.", "The shoes looked great but were too narrow. It seems like there are no real D width shoes anymore. After trying these on I can't imagine what the N sizes would be like. I guess you would have to be a tree limb to wear those. I guess I will order a bigger size and roll up the toes or something.", "Fits great, looks great, great for training. Recommended 100%.Everyday fitness and running. Perfect.I am ready to buy another pair of those.", "Feels cheap I really expected more from Nike especially from an $85 pair of shoes...  Lasted not even 6 months of wearing them twice a week.  Really disappointed...", "Everything arrived on time and in good condition.  My rating has more to do with how they fit my feet instead of product quality.  Overall, these are great shoes - they look great.  I just need to break them in.", "I've always love Nike's product and this one is one of my fav. The cushion is great and looks very stylish.", "excellent shoes, I recommend 100 percent, to work, running, fitness, shopping, your feet do not suffer.  do not hesitate to buy", "Very comfortable and supportive.  Arch support good enough, I can use without orthodics in my shoes for first time in 20 years.  Regrettfully, only can walk at this point in my career, but these certainly make it easy.", "To tight across  the top. My LG 4 'S are the same size and fit fine. Last time i will buy shoes on the internet. with all this junk from China etc, there is no telling what you might get.", "From what I have been told, my friend is more than happy with the purchase of his shoes.  He will look again on this site for shoes", "fits well, great shoe for running, i like the smooth transition from the heel to forefooti own this shoe is several colors", "Always wanted a pair of Lunarglide, finally bought one and oh boy couldn't be more happier. it's light and very comfy to wear. definitely better than my Nike airmax 2009.My only grim was the shoe fit a bit small as expected. Usually i go for size 8 for that extra little room. anyway wasn't a huge issue.", "This shoe helped me get back into running after plantor faciitis surgey. I have no more foot pain, I recommend this shoe.", "The shoes fit as expected and work well for running long distances.  Have now run more than 40 miles on them and they're working great", "I just took up running after about a 6 month break and got these new shoes. I liked them a lot and I felt good running in them, but it was only 3 months later that the fabric holding the shoe together on the inside started to break apart. I am used to replacing running shoes usually pretty frequently, but I have never had some break down on my so quickly.", "I have wore alot different running shoes but the Lunarglide is by far the best i had in a long time.. I have +3,+4 and now the +6..", "I have ran in these shoes for several months now. I have a 11.5 shoe size and these shoes fit very well. When I first bought them, the tongue was somewhat snug on top of my feet, but after a few miles of running, they finallly broke in well.  The shoe does a great job of absorbing heal impact. This shoe transitions well from a heal to toe stride. There is not resistance or odd stiffness that I have experienced in other running shoes. The only changes I have made was inserting  SOLE inserts because I needed extra support for my arches. After years of running in the military, I have plantar fascitis. After changing to this running shoe and adding new inserts, my foot pain has decreased. I would recommend this shoe for anyone.", "I was dubious about buying expensive running shoes online, but the size was consistent with my last pair of Nikes bought locally, and delivery was well within the estimated date.I'm completely happy with these and would shop with the same vendor again.", "Great shoe for long runs. Confortable with Great support. Size fits as expected as experienced with wearing other Nike shoes.", "Lightweight. Not for those who like to pound their heels into concrete, but you really shouldn't be doing that anyway.", "I bought this  shoe for my partner who is a runner it's not only looks good he says it feels great and he raved so much I bought one for myself", "The color it's so amazing I love red and they are very comfortable.. Ready to training whith this shoes! Nike", "Very quality shoe, fits great!The seem to run about a half size larger than most shoes I wear, but it was ok cause I had an option to try them on when I bought the older model.My right shoe was a little narrow feeling compared to the left, but after 2-3 runs it seems to have broken in just fine. I'm not getting any blisters and they just feel amazing to run in. I haven't ran a lot in a few years and am a little heavier than normal from weight lifting, but the shoes seem to hold up and support my knees perfect.Overall I am very happY!", "I walk a lot at work and also jog. These shoes are plush and have found them to be unmatched by any brick and mortar shoes in the $100 range. the lunar +5 seem to be a bit more rigid than the +4 but it seems that the rigidness provides more stabalizing support but still very plush. I don't have the gull to buy $200 shoes but you can't go wrong with these. BTW, I bought these at Shoe Palace.", "Great shoe. Amazing comfort. Light as a feather. I feel like I could walk for miles and miles in these bad boys.", "Excellent shoe.  Very comfortable and eases my mild heel pain.  I bought 3 pairs in different colors and wear them to work daily.  Even though they're a bit expensive, they are worth it.  Very cushiony.", "Fits good and very comfortable.. A little stiff at first, so breaking them in is a must! Other than that, nice shoe!", "I was expecting to get soft over the use, but. After 6 months still very hard. I do not recommend those shoes especially for basketball", "It did not fit me even though I do not have a broad foot. The design is narrow at the toe area", "These shoes fit great and the color was accurate.  The question is whether or not they hold up to cross fit training.  Time will tell...", "These shoes are great. I have bought ten pairs and Im happy with each color and the fit. They last along time", "Normally, I hate wearing shoes when I'm not at work or in some social situation where I actually need shoes. To be honest, buying shoes off of the internet scared me! But after wearing those for just one day, they were so comfortable that I can't imagine taking them off, except for when I'm sleeping, that might be odd.", "Ordered these for my husband who is picky & a &#34;gym rat&#34; he loves them. Fit well, light weight but supportive.", "As advertised and fits well. Support is good and laces surround the foot well. Would purchase again. Good construction throughout.", "I was so happy to find these shoes My son just loves them and its in his favorite color Orange", "They're really flat and hurt my feet. They suck completely. Don't buy these rejects. Will mess your feet and and ankles and possibly your knees up.", "The materials are great, they are very confortable and very good looking. I really enjoy ise these pair of nikes I love them", "These have no break-in time. Comfortable as soon as you put them on.A very good price for these shoes.", "Left shoe fits perfectly the right shoe feels tight on the pinky, should stretch after I break them in. Overall Almost Perfect!!!", "I had a pair of this type of shoe earlier and decided to get another pair. They are so comfortable and light weight", "Arrived on time..... Amazing shoes... I got what i was expecting for and really good price for it.... They arrived 8 after purcharsed", "I bought these thinking they would fit better than a woman's shoe, but they don't and I don't wear them.", "I've got a wide foot and these fit as expected. They look like the picture on Amazon. Just wear them casually, no running or sports. First pair but would recommend.", "Husband loves them.  Arrived as expected and fit him perfectly.  Will definitely be ordering another pair to keep as a spair", "One of the most comfortable shoes as I expected. I have no complaints about these shoes. There's nothing more to say about them I'm happy with them.", "This is a nice looking shoe.  My grandsons only wear Nike's because of the width.  I bought 2 pairs as I have 2 grandsons.", "My son picked this shoe out and I must say I really like them. They have a neat appearance sort of sophisticated. And they must be comfortable because he wears them quite a bit. I will be buying another pair. They also arrived in a timely fashion.", "The shoe looks great but it's not wide enough.  If you have small narrow feet then this shoe will work, I bought this to replace my old Nike Dream High Top's that are finally wearing out after 7 years.", "These sneakers are nice, but the insoles are very hard and don't feel comfortable. I took out the factory insoles and put store bought insoles in, now they feel 100% better. Inexpensive and very nice looking. Highly recommend purchasing them.", "These shoes are extremely narrow, and I don't even have a wide foot. If I wear these for around 4 hours, my little toe on each foot will be rubbed raw. I find these shoes extremely uncomfortable and I've had these for about 2 months. I bought them to work in, but I find myself often swapping shoes towards the middle of my day. I'm extremely disappointed in them. I now use these mostly to workout in. I've own several Nike's throughout my life, but this is the first pair that are complete garbage. I wouldn't buy these for my worse enemy.", "Very comfortable, light weight kicks. They even look good in jeans, and they feel great for running on the treadmill.", "I remember when you couldn't get a pair of uncomfortable Nike Air anything from the early to late nineties. These on the other hand...- Just feel cheap. - materials -sole -very \"plasticky\"- Hurt the top of my feet.- Laces are flimsy.- Tongue is very thin and unsupportiveOff to eBay to get a pair of Retro All-Black OG Deadstock Small-Check Foamposites.", "I had the Dual Fusion Run first version shoes in blue. Those were some comfortable shoes. I'm not sure what the difference is but these just don't meet up to my expectations from the the first version.", "Shipping was really quick but the shoes didn't fit my feet properly and I paid $10 more than what they're worth. Wasn't happy about that. Returned.ALWAYS double check prices!", "These fit good and are great for running. The colors are brighter then the pic. I use these for running outdoors.", "I wear nike sneakers most of the time because they fit my foot we'll but this pair is extra comfortable, seems to have a really nice arch support. I do have a narrow foot naturally but not narrow enough to order extra narrow shoes.", "i have 2 pair of this shoe....most comfortable shoe ive ever had!! great for walking,running,the gym. the best coushion for my flat feet", "If you're looking for a comfortable shoe to sight-see or exercise at the gym or in your neighborhood then I recommend this shoe! I tried this shoe on at Foot Locker, but opted to purchase it online as it was slightly cheaper.", "These were a gift for mom.  She needed a new pair of sneakers.  Happy to find a good show at an OK price.", "I always buy these in 8.5 US but for some reason this pair is a little longer than all my other ones.  I still wear them but they are not the same.", "I wore these shoes twice and my feet were in pain the entire time. They are stiff and uncomfortable. I will stick with the Free Runs", "wife said they fit as expected and loes the color but only 4 star due to she has only worn them once.", "Really love these! Usually I get another brand because I thought Nike would be too narrow, but these are great!", "I think this shoe is of good quality and materials. It runs a bit large but I think going down a half size would make it too small. I use these primarily for cross training and less for running.", "These are very comfortable shoes and have a little arch support which is good for someone like me with low arches.", "i love Nike dual fusion shoes. They're light, comfy and very flexible. These shoes looked exactly like the picture, i think the colors are actually a bit more vibrant which i loved! The fit is great and true to size. Overall i recommend these shoes or any dual fusions as they are so comfortable!!", "These shoes hurt my foot. I had another pair that I love and thought if love these too. I don't. They look cute but hurt my foot...not both, just one.", "Ended up returning these because I know if I pulled the strings as tight as I like them when I run they would eventually break. Its not a greatly made product", "This shoe fits differently from other nike dual fusion shoes I've owned. I wore them twice, and they &#34;killed&#34; my feet. The material is different from my last three pairs of the same style shoe. Now, I have to buy a new pair of shoes again.", "I teach group exercise and I go through a lot of shoes.  These provide good stability but are easy to move on the floor because the tread is medium to low.  I have not and will not use them for running, but I love them for my purposes.  They are breathable also, so after a couple of hours of teaching, I feel pretty good.", "I bought a pair of these from a store close to my house that were pink and I absolutely love them.  I wanted a normal color shoe, so I ordered these.  I guess the shoes at the store had been tried on a lot because they fit comfortably almost immediately.  The black and gray ones were another story.  Just like a lot of you have said, because of the design it puts a lot of pressure on your pinky toes.  I wore them for the first day and both of my pinky toes were bright red and hurt but never blistered.  I was determined to love these just like my pink ones, so I kept wearing them for a couple of days even thought they were uncomfortable.  After a few days, they no longer rub my pinky toes.  I guess I just had to break them in.  I don't know if this really helped, but several times I would take them in my hands and bend the toe part of the shoe up to kind of help it loosen up. I also loosened the laces a little bit.  I really love these shoes now.. it was worth the 3 or 4 days of sore toes.", "I bought these to start a new exercise routine of walking and aerobics. I tried on tons of shoes at the store and as soon as I tried these on my foot just felt good. I didn't have to break them in. They are VERY light weight and have great arch support (I have high arches!) I'm about to buy the men's version for my husband and get myself another pair in another color. I have back problems and they even make my back feel better when I'm walking. I started wearing them everywhere, not just to exercise. Buy these shoes now!", "Like them very much, very comfortable shoes and nice appeal. Am glad I got them, even thou don't care to much to buy shoes on line, but this one fitted nicely.", "Very comfortable fit, I'm on my feet for 8-10 hrs a day and my feet no longer hurt when I'm working.", "A gift for our grandson-he likes these very much - wears a men's 12 and they fit as expected-recommend these", "I got these for my husband bc we can never find size 14 in stores here. He likes them so I am pleased!", "Love the color on me fits good and good as new would buy more later in the future . .", "Might have been a defective pair because the Arch appears to be slightly higher on the left foot - over a 5 mile run I consistently came back with blisters", "They fit and look exactly the way I expected. I run 4-5 miles a day and these sneakers make the run more comfortable.", "This shoe has now been worn daily by my 11yr old daughter for 3 months now and is still holding up great. It's nice to find a shoe that can survive what kids put them through.", "Awesome shoe awesome price. So happy easy buy easy process. Really really easy. Bought the shoes for my wife and she couldn't be happier", "I was searching for a shoe that had good grip, comfy, and snug so that when i am working out i dont have to worry about my shoes irritating my foot, or falling off. these shoes are just great! I am more than satisfied with the way they turned out. I have had them for about 6 months now and the only complaint I have is that alittle chip from the color in the front of the shoe came off, i thought that was alittle strange, but it may be from the kind of workouts i am doing on the floor? other than that, these shoes are awesome. thank you", "Great running shoe. Comfortable and lightweight. I'm very happy with my purchase and I will probably buy another pair :)", "I love the look of these sneakers but I am most impressed by the comfort. I liked them so much I brought both my daughters a pair.", "This is a pretty good shoe for people with flat feet because it has good support. The color purple is really pretty. It is true size, but anyway in sport shoes you always add 1/2 size more... I ordered for my sister since she has a lot of problems with her feet and she loved them.", "The picture through me off because it seem as if I'm getting blue shoes not purple. But over all I still love them the fit good and kind of help my flat feet.", "This pair of shoes met my daughter's expectation. Comfortable, sporty and stylish! Perfect for her student life, everyday wearing to the university.", "I've owned Lunarglides in the past but the 5's are the best fit, by far! I love the lace system and love that the arch is subtle yet effective. I can't recommend these enough!", "My son who is a runner told me to get  these .great piece of advice feels as if I have on nothing", "Shoelace design is so wonderful - I have wide feet and this helps my foot feel properly supported while not being squished. Definitely gives new meaning to the phrase 'putting a spring in your step', these shoes are light & feel amazing.", "These shoes are going to be my favorite  shoes  they fit great  look great feel wonderful  Ilove the color and they feel great", "Love these shoes! They fit comfortably and are great to run in!  I would definitely recommend them to someone looking for good running shoes!", "I have always bought the Nike Free but decided to try these because they were cheaper. I was pleasantly surprised. Super comfortable. And light. Like them a lot.", "I like itIt is so beautiful and fashionWhen I weared it I feeling good  and I want running evry time :)", "Love nike shoes in general, but these are amazing. I was skeptical at first because they felt hard as a rock when I first put them on, but after about 30 minutes they felt Awesome! The color is pretty bad ass as well. I will definitely continue to purchase these.", "Great shoe for the price. Love the colors! While these aren't exactly tight/too small, they are a little bit snugger then I am used to in a Nike Shoe.", "I absolutely love these shoes. I wear them when I work out and they're super comfortable!Would absolutely buy them again!", "I've literally gotten about 100 different people who have noticed and commented on my shoes. These are the nicest Niokes I've ever had and the reflective 3M material is flashy.", "They are somewhat big. They are going to kill your feet when you break them In but it's so worth it. Whenever I walk by people they always look at my shoes. I would buy them again", "Okay.  Not sure why I have to keep writing, but if that's what it takes for Amazon to listen. I will.", "Great fit and reasonable priced as this is hard shoe to find in my area. Played several games of soccer in them and seems to be a good value and workmanship.", "I wanted to have these shoes ... so place your order with another 3 pairs of shoes (these being the most desired mercurial) solicited size 10 mens. turns out to send me shoes size 9.5. and so I left them tight .. I had to get the template to decrease the pressure and yet I still get tight .. what a disappointment ...", "Just what she wanted.  Easy to break in.  Comfortable and fits great.  Roomy enough to accommodate her inserts and still feel comfortable.  Did run a tad small (ordered a half- size up).", "These shoes were very uncomfortable and narrow.  Tried a larger size at about $35 off this overprice of $99!  Will definitely not buy this type again!  Lost $20 in shipping charges too!", "Hat arrived turn to be exactly what I hoped for which is light. I've been running only for 2 years and one struggle is finding a hat to shade from sun. This hat fits exactly the way a running hat should be, very LIGHT. It also looks great for casual wear.", "Great fit, comfortable, soft! a great purchase.. I am so glad I purchased them.. I really recommend them! Love them.", "The color is more shiny red in the pictures but it more maroon. And it s tight , not comfortable like my other size 9 shoes..", "Search criteria: Vintage Nike'sThey just don't make 'em like they used to.  The color, style and feel are all great.  These shoes scream vintage Nike and that is exactly what I am looking for. This is my second pair, as I originally bought  a similar variation of vintage Nikes in green.  Buying up all the colors!", "Loved it. Spacious without looking huge and light weight. Just what I was looking for. I was hoping that it would not have mesh straps (couldn't see very clear in the picture). It does, but they are not too rough, so I'm hoping they would not rub the bare shoulders in the summer. Otherwise, great product", "I use this little pack for cycling instead of soccer, and I love it. It's just the right size, which means less wind drag, and it's got a tube shape that allows it to hold more than you might think. The additional compartment on the back allows for extra convenience and holding space.", "Have been wearing Nike for years and found it to be a natural fit.  Being human I have tried many of the other headline brands and always found them wanting.  These are not up to Nike standards as the width is very narrow and the interior is not smooth so that pressure points are not comfortable.  They will get stretched and used primarily for dirty work.  Nike will get one more chance when the next pair is being considered.", "Great shoes & extremely comfy !! I think Nike makes the best ,Most wearable all day shoes !! I love them & wouldn't hesitate to buy them again .", "was hunting for air shox,but could not find any in my local area under 140 dollars. i found these and liked the color and price.", "the back of the show feels weird on the heal, doesn't cause blister but it takes so getting use too. no for distance running just a kick around shoe", "I have narrow feet and M seems a bit wide for me. Other than that feels very comfortable and looks good", "Upon slipping this exquisite concoction of nylon, \"foamposite\", rubber, elastic, and cotton on my eager feet, I immediately felt the warmth of a beautiful light surround my body. Through the zen-like warmth of this holy grail of sporty-comfort, I heard the sounds of craftsmen toiling the day away.The smell of Pho washed over me and I met my spirit-guide Billy Bob Nguyen, who said that was only his American spirit-guide name but that his native spirit guide name was Phuoc-Duy Tran Diep Dap Don Nguyen. Dare I question the logic of this omnipotent spirit guide and question the thinking behind either name, or the very idea that this powerful spirit creature should have to comply with anyone's wishes but that of His own? Just the very thought flashed in my mind faster than I could now run a mile in this holiest of holy shoes......well, actually like a LOT faster than than that cuz I still only run like a 15\" mile!.. but yes, the thought crossed my mind to ever-so-respectfully ask my spirit-guide to clarify and WHAM, a smack on the head with his slipper (edit: Nike Men's Lunar Presto Blue Hero TI Tint (Dang that rapper has his own tint!?) SI Running Shoes CONVERTED into custom holy slippers BTW!)!  Billy Bob Nguyen then blessed my unworthy ears with the blissful sounds of his story. A story that rambunctiously travels throughout the decades of the fine Nike Artisan Craftsmen and women who build these muses of the artists within our feet. Everyday they compose symphonies of silicone for the love of true oneness within our hearts and souls. For the true goddess; the powerful Nike!And a dollar a week.Thanks for reading!~(EDIT: Forgot to mention the impressive Nike Slippers Billy was wearing... who comes up with these shoe names anyways?! Like... WOW!)", "it's nice shoes but there was no ties when i opened it...but the quality is very good...and where can i buy ties for this shoes?", "love the shoes. very light great for running. used it for my marathon run and its comfortable. love the color as it really stands out", "Received as seen in the photoI am a UK 11.5 and I have another pair of Nike running shoes US 13 so I was sure these would fitSurprisingly they are quite padded, I did want them for the summer but with a pair of thin ankle socks they ll be cool enough  insideCould be worn to a club or to the parkCasual but trendy", "Like most Nike lines, you must try them on in person to really know what size shoe you're going to need. Unfortunately for myself, I did not have that luxury, I personally would go a half size bigger, these are definitely not running or gym shoes by any means, so if you're into collecting and having a nice &#34;kick it&#34; or retro style shoe, by all means, this is one for your personal collection.", "Good shoes, right color and everything but they fit smaller then most other nikes.. They look exactly what is posted", "I saw these in a store and the leather was soft.the leather on these ones i ordered was hard as rock.they are not the same as i saw  in the store.what do i do?", "It fit perfectly and I love the design and feel the only thing I would change is the laces are a bit short lol make 3-4 inches longer", "I like the style and color of the sneaker and they are very comfortable would get them again in the future.", "The product is a good choice for gifts, but the provider does not .. I failed in delivering my courier. I was to wait for weeks ..", "I usually wear a 10.5 but they didn't offer that size in any colorway of this shoe,  so I bought the 11. It's a tad bit big, but I like it overall. Reminds me of the roshe run", "My husband loves them, he has in the past bought the black & grey and black & red ones and I finally found the black & white", "My Daughter loves these socks, she wears them all the time.  Purchased for golf, but she wears them everywhere.  Great deal too!", "Bought as a Christmas gift for my son and he loved them. They fit perfectly. Would recommend for anyone thinking of purchasing them.", "These socks were a great gift for my nephew. Arrived quickly even at Christmas time and in perfect condition. I was thrilled that I got the package before the expected delivery date.", "my son enjoyes it so muchnice pair of soccer shoes for indoor practice. My son has been using it over the winter and feels great.", "There is no color or size description for this sock.  The pic looks like a gray and red.  I have never seen this color before by Nike so I would really like to know from the seller:  What are the colors and size for this sock in writing??Thank youNo response after weeks of this post...looks like they get a low star rating then....respond to my question above and Ill move it up!", "My grandson picked them out both for the color and the style.  He thinks they look very sharp with the design running up the back.", "I expected this Nike sneaker to fit right - but it also  looked fabulous ! The colors are bright, and my grandsons loved the way they were so easy to put on and take off.", "My son has these in two different colors. They're great! I throw them in the wash when they get dirty and they hold up perfectly!", "From the pic I expected the shoes to be high tops but was not disappointed. They look great and they feel even better. I'm even considering a second pair!", "Great, fast shipping...Perfect condition...My son loved them (he seems to think they make him play better basketball)...Would buy another pair in a heart beat.", "My husband has such a hard time finding shoes that fit! These fit and lasted him. I just purchased the second pair he has had so far!", "These are a great alternative to the more expensive Jordan's.  The product arrived promptly and fit well.  Many kids today expect their parents to dole out over a hundred dollars for a pair of shoes.  I'm not about to do so!  My son was satisfied with these, and my purse was not heavily lightened in the process.", "My first impression is very good, and, what is the most important, my grandson liked them a lot. The time will show how durable is the product.", "This product just fit as expected , nike is always a good brand, I can recommend it .What you see is what you gt.", "In the sizing info beside the size choice arrow, says that a 4US 3.5UK is a 36 EUR and 23cm but this is 19.5 EUR and 10 cm, cant be used at all", "My son loves his new shoes perfect for the kid who likes to run all day it recommend then to anyone looking to get a good deal", "These are the most comfortable shoes ever. They are so light, easy to put on, so my daughter is wearing them all the day since she got them.", "I ordered these shoes on Saturday afternoon and they got her Thursday at noon....now that is speedy to me when I didn't pay for express shipping.Anywho my two year old got some of these shoes last summer and she absolutely loved them but her foot grows like wild fire so she out grew them pretty fast and we couldn't find them anywhere and had to order them online...she is so happy now. She put them on straight out of the box as soon as I opened it and she even took a nap with them on.Toddler happy = Mama happy!!", "The colors are great.  They hold up well. To me Nike runs 1/2 size smaller on kids.  Try on a pair at the store before you order on line.", "I'm a personal trainer and primarily use them as my go to workout shoe when lifting.  I prefer a Newton shoe when running but if your looking for a nice light weight fitness shoe these are great.", "I am not a hardcore runner, so I do not know how these would stack up on the track, however they are everything I wanted for a daily athletic shoe. I wear them while commuting, while walking to my gym, on airplanes etc. I get a ton of compliments on the style. They are comfortable and never needed to be broken in.", "These shoes look GREAT and feel great!  I forgot how wonderful Nikes were!  I get complimented on them daily!  Great shoes!!!", "Im obsessed with them! They are super super comfortable and flexible. Definitely fit true to size. I get compliments every time I wear them. Id buy these again for sure!", "Fit amazing. True to size. Colors are amazing!  The mint green is a great contrast to the neon orange. I have gotten so many compliments!", "I choose these shoes because my daughter use the same shoes for the gym. They are much light than other gym shoes I have .", "Just what I was looking for. Love the color of the shoes, the cheetah print laces are just my style.", "I wear these to workout 4-5 days a week doing tabata, very high intensity workouts and elliptical/treadmill cardio as well.  very comfy and flexible, which is good for the interval training I do so my feet bend with the shoes comfortably.  I want these shoes in 5 pair and 5 colors!!", "No complaints. Exactly what I expected, comfortable, stylish, and a good price. With a second set of cute spotted laces.", "This is a really flat shoe with very little support which is what I was looking for! This shoe works great for lifting and weights days but when I'm planning on cardio I wear something with a little more support!", "These were true to size and they have been very comfy when I workout.Note: They are not good running shoes.", "i don't use them to run, though i could.  the full air soles keep my back in less pain more than almost any other shoe.  and this year had a nice design..", "I really like these sneakers.  They are light weight and generally comfortable.  I think they run a little small, though.  They would be perfect if they were just a tiny bit wider and longer.", "Still on the wall with this shoe fits a little small but is super cute and was a great price", "I have wide feet, I only wore them for 30 minutes and they hurt my feet. It felt like they were choking and couldnt get proper blood circulation. The construction was weird, it's been a while since I got nikes but i guess they're new shoes are now made in one piece, the tongue part is sewn togetherso there's no way to loosen the top part of the shoe to give you more comfort. Putting it on is almost like slipping into some clogs. My feet swell up a lot because of a medical condition, these aren't recommended for people with blood circulation and water-retention issues. they're for narrow and skinny feet.", "Best shoes ever!!! Am buying these shoes again because I loved them so much. So super light on your feet. And sooooo squishy and comfy! I have very narrow feet and find it very hard to find shoes that fit, but these fit perfectly. So these are mainly for narrow feet not wide footed people. If you have narrow feet. Buy there's!!! I use them for running mainly.", "I own 3 different colors. Nice warm and stylish. fitted design nice cut and I really love the arm-pocket. Really love the high zipper and the designer drawstring.", "Extremely light and durable! One of the nicest and  most comfortable basketball shoes I have ever owned. It fits true to your size and I even wear a zmast ankle brace. If you want speed and comfort while playing ball you should buy these now!", "I've been a long time Nike basketball shoe wearer and am known as the sneaker head around work.  Have to keep the kids and myself in inexpensive yet good shoes.Anyway, I was in need of a shoe with extremely good traction because I play every Sunday night on an old church gym floor that is in need of a good wax job.  My Kobe 5's are one of the better performing shoes as far as cushioning, fit and performance, but they lack traction on anything other than a perfect court.  I tried my sons pair of Hyperdisruptor's and I really like them a lot and was actually looking for a pair of them when I came across a really good price on the Hyperquickness.  It looks almost like the same exact shoe as the Hyperdisruptor.  The traction is exactly the same and is the highlight of this shoe and one of the main reasons I purchased it.  It squeaks even on a bad floor.One area that is improved on over the Hyperdisruptor is the Midfoot harness that helps keep the foot locked down.  That was a problem for me before and is something I really hope Nike starts to put on all of their basketball shoes.  It really helps secure the mid-foot and ankle areas.  The other area of improvement was that the fit of the shoe is more true to size than the Hyperdisruptor which ran too small.The only thing keeping me from giving the Hyperquickness a 5 star rating  is that  there is no heal zoom in the Hyperquickness.  The Disruptor had both forefoot and heel zoom.  I'm so used to having zoom in the heel, that the Hyperquickness just feels flat in the heel area.  Having said that, the forefoot is more important for me when playing ball and the zoom there is excellent.  In fact, the forefoot has a very good cushioning feel.  Better feeling than the Disruptor's.  I think the overall transition is even better then the Kobe's.If I had to pick between the two shoes, it would be really tough.  I think Hyperquickness with heel zoom would be the perfect shoe so I guess it depends on how much that means to you.", "My son loves these shoes he is on his second pair.  First pair we bought at Kohls in Las Vegas, Nev, we live in Minnesota, he hasbeen looking for another pair for awhile because he loves how they look, so thank you for still having them.", "The shoe is great for basketball in and outdoor.  The only problem is that you'll get blisters for the first few days.", "My review says it all, five stars, fit perfectly I used them for indoor and outdoor practice. No complaints at all, this is my second pair.", "My grandson was so excited when he got these. Although he's only 8, he wears a man's size. His foot is narrow, as a child's might be. He found the medium a little snug width-wise.  At the end of his first wearing, about two hours, he said the bottom of his feet hurt.  We love Asics. Guess these just aren't the right ones.", "I don't play basketball anymore. I just like to wear a stylish shoe when I got out and about. Nikes have never done me wrong. Been loyal to them since high school.I got the white and black color. Looks even more awesome in person that the picture shows. I replaced the white laces with black ones and they look even more awesome.Happy camper.", "This is the lightest basketball show I've ever worn. Great feel, almost feels like your not wearing any shoes at all.", "HelloTo my thinking are something somewhat smallat the tip of the shoes too tight. Exterior very soft.thanks.", "I tryed it. Size fit to me.But i wish heigh more longer.By the way It satisfy me.Thank you.", "Excellent product, fits very well, good quality, I use them for go to the gym, and play basket, sometimes for going out at weekends.", "I only wish the swoosh wasn't purple looking but the shoes are very comfortable and light! Size was right on the money!", "They are a bit heavier than previous Free's but that's fine, because they make up for it in sexiness. Everyone wants a pair of shoes like mine", "If you have the confidence to pull off neon in the gym, buy these shoes.  Since owning them, its almost impossible to keep the ladies off of me as I walk throughout the gym.", "these shoes look great, are very comfortable to wear all day casually and are good for working out as well.", "I have been looking for new training shoes for a little while and decided to give amazon a try. I found these and they were just what I was looking for. They look and feel great. I am very happy with the Nike Air Max Compete shoes.", "Nice boots but very narrow shoe at the toes. If you're looking for a fit like the Nike Goadome like I was, this probably isn't the shoe for you.", "They fit me the very best of all shoes! These are no exception, and I love them! This color combo is fun too.", "this was the first pair of shoes i've ever ordered online. i was relieved when they arrived, on time i might add, and they fit perfectly.", "I'm have an old pair of this same style and that's why I bought these and I love them as well I haven't worn them much yet because I live in Syracuse and I don't want to ruin them but they are awesome.", "Received this shoe right before I went off on a big trip with lots of walking and standing around.  The shoe was very comfortable right out of the box and my girlfriend really liked the look.  It fared very well through miles and miles of walking and kept my feet feeling great!", "Baught this product thinking it looked like the picture. Not even close!!! its like a really thin long sleeve shirt with a hoodie! unless you want to be cold and just want to look like your wearing some type of a sweater don't buy!", "Pictures looked good but actual quality is fairly low for Nike.  Fit is decent, but thinner than expected material makes them slightly uncomfortable.  Not the skate shoes I was expecting.", "My son loves these. Great shoes. They came promptly, however the packaging could have been better, and more secure.  The box came damaged, and almost open.", "Sneakers are somewhat more narrow than other Air Max 95's that I've purchased. It took a few wears for comfort.", "I have recently became an Amazon shopper. The Nike Air Max 95 OGs are classic sneakers that never fade in style however, they are expensive as hell! Also, the shoe is hard to locate. Well, I checked Amazon and y'all had them. The shippment was fast and the shoe is great looking! I am quite impressed. Not an exercise shoe; but great with jeans and a polo.", "Lovin this Og air max 95 ..so comfy ..d best air max  ever ..can't believe found it in Amazon ..thanks", "Love these shoes.  They fit great.  I have been waiting to buy these shoes for about 15 years!  I was in my early 20's when they first came out and I never had a chance to get them until now.  Love them and plan on getting another pair.", "I purchased the sneakers for my husband for valentines day. He is very picky when it comes to sneakers- they are perfect!", "I was very hesitant because I thought it would make my feet look wide. But these are great. OG.  the price is a bit high.  But I love em", "I got these very hard to get sneaker purchased months after limited release...you guys are the source for the rarest, authentic sneakers!", "Love the shoes, but fit a bit tight. I feel they may stretch out once wore a few times. However to be safe I would recommend a half size larger.", "Still cannot believe these were still in stock but at the price they are asking I can see these are in limited supply.  In my opinion these are some of the best looking athletic shoes out there.  I don't plan on running with them, more just for casual shoes with great styling.  Beware, these are about 0.5 size too small in length for sure.  Shipping was $10 and took more than a week to get here/price of shoes is quite high as well hence the deduction in the star but otherwise as expected.", "I like my shoes on my feet because that's where they go. I enjoy wearing shoes a lot. End of story!", "I looked all over the internet and in every store and I couldn't find these shoes . So I go to amazon and here they are . I was a little scared because I didn't want to buy some knock offs . So I took a chance and they came in a day early ! And I check to see if they were fake , turns out that there real .", "[4-6-14 ] - I received these probably 2-3 days after ordering them. The shoes came in original Nike box. For those who are skeptic about purchasing these Nikes ? I can assure you that these are not &#34; Replicas&#34;. Yes I was a little worried that these could have been knock offs, but THEY ARE LEGIT. Just do your research if you have any doubts. Thats what I did. + I got these for cheap vs the $ in stores. Id get them if I were you !", "Nice fit loved the colors went very well with the jacket i have.will be buying from them again no question asked..", "The Nike Air Max 1 EM was no different than any other air max shoes that I have purchased, splendid. The shoe is lightweight and comfortable. WIth the air max bottoms and the mesh construction it almost feels as if I don't have any shoes on my feet. I am satisfied with my purchase.", "1st and foremost, the Nike air max always has and will forever be an iconic sneaker. This shoe is composed of a crisp white mesh upper and gracefully complimented with fire red accents. I have yet to wear them due to the weather but because of my extensive Nike collection, they are a comfortable fit. I highly recommend this shoe to anybody looking for a crazy fresh pair of comfortable sneakers to add to the summer collection.", "Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh gh ui ii o pl y ty fg lo bae go u long ball dit dig hig get goin", "I have bought cheap department store shoes for years and all they did was wear out. The Nike air Max torch 3 was not one of them. I've had them for about a week and they are holding up great. I highly reccomend these to any athlete.", "As soon as the item arrived for my husband we noticed that the black rubber of the sole started to peel and underneath the color is white so it's very noticeable. I don't think I can even fix this. Fill it in with black permanent marker??", "These Nike's are super duper! They look like the pic and fit well.  Run a little on the narrow-er side if your foot is wider, you'll need to wear them in a little.  I got them for my bf and he loves them. super dope sneaks!", "I love the color way and the design of the complete sneaker. Great color for the summer gear. You will like this sneaker.", "I love these shoes. I wanted something light but with enough support. The only issue I have with them is that the tread on the bottom is just wide enough to wedge small stones/pebbles in them. Every time I go out I have to pick stones out from the bottom of my shoes. Kind of a bummer but great otherwise.", "the shoes came before expected, which i love!they fit perfectly!the customer service was amazing!!!the shoes are just really bomb!they are so light weight!perfect workout shoes!", "The shoe is super comfortable. Played basketball for hours and didn't have any blisters. The price was just right too", "I got my Jordan's there in great shape, but the jerk tried to steal my debit card info and was almost successful I would be cautious to buy anything from this guy", "I bought these for my husband, and so far he likes them. He hasn't had any problems. I'd recommend them to anyone who likes the way they look. They meet all expectations.", "Lightweight and durable. Recommended by my daughters track coaches. She likes them so well she ordered another pair for everyday wear.", "I loved it. It fits me well. it is excellent for to do exercise!!!!: if you are skinning you can buy size Small.", "Fits well & I love it -- it's cute & bright! I purchased the orange ish colored one. Highly recommended, fits perfectly!", "It was a nice shirt, but I think it was a quiet large, I am usually small, but I should have bought an &#34;XS&#34; zise.I thought the chest protector was thicker the foam, but it is very light.The shirt looks pretty nice", "Easy to wear, beautiful. However the price is reasonable it dress good.  The deliver was on time.  It is a good product. I recommend.", "Great everday sneaker.  Comfortable for walking around all day.  Looks cool with jeans.  Fits really well, typical for Nike sneakers.", "Good product, fast service.  Niece used daily for games and practices.  Shoes are comfortable and Fit as expected.  Thank you", "I wear them every day for work and my feet no longer hurt from my shoes any more. they are wonderful", "Purchased shoes for daughter's volleyball.  Excellent sole for the court, but a little stiff.  Uppers are a little stiff and could be more supple.  High quality stitching.  Lasted entire season.", "My daughter loves these shoes. Just got them, so hard to tell about durability. Seem to run a little big. Delivered ahead of schedule by Webzom.", "A trusted brand, and a good shoe for dance-fitness classes, as the pivot points on the sole allow for easy movement without knee injury.  Consistent sizing helps with ordering online.", "These Nike LUNAR SAFARI + Running shoe's, are so mega comfortable, I'm happy that I looked on Amazon, and,found them. they fit like a glove.I highly recommend these, to semi atibe people, they're not just for running, that's the beauty of these shoe's, and, they're great if you have back problem's. Most people whom, have back problem, sometime's because of their shoe's.My Sinderest Regards'Jeffery McKinster", "They are great looking and very confortable. My grandson wears them at all his basketball games.  They fit like a glove.", "These shoot help me run the basketball courts in style there comfortable and feel great im so impressed with this shoe its just a so nice pair of hooping shoes", "This is my husbands second pair of these shoes and they are comfortable, easy to clean and the fit is exactly to size.  The shoes are casual enough to wear with jeans yet just dressy enough to wear to work with khakis! The shoes come in other colors too.", "Got these for the bf he loved them and said he gets compliments every time he's worn them , !", "The shirt arrived on time and in it's original packaging. It is a quality shirt that is stylish and comfortable.", "Fits as expected and well put together. Breathes well and has enough stretch to be comfortable on the golf course.", "This design is great for semi formal t-shirt, casual wear or for playing sports. It has style and comfort ... with advanced material.", "Quality material cool comfort. This shirt is as comfortable as they come. I would definitely recommend this shirt to anyone.", "Good buy, arrived on time and the fit was true to size..It wears well and a good choice for an active boy.", "I have to walk a couple of miles daily.  Helped make it easier on the legs and feet. My right ankle has been broken twice. They give great support to my ankles, and eased my mind.", "Extremadamente contento con estos zapatos era lo esperdo por mi persona, ahora puedo salir a disfrutar de las partidas de basket con estas kevin durant.", "I work in a warehouse driving a stand-on hi/lo and the only shoes that are really comfortable to me are running shoes. My employer requires all footwear to be leather, and unfortunately most running shoes have a lot of mesh fabric in their construction so they're lighter and more breathable. Thankfully Nike and amazon through ActivInstinct in the UK had an all leather running shoe that was less than $100. Very comfortable, true to size 'though a little snug around the ankle (they are running shoes after all), and I'm sure will be more comfortable the more I wear them. Would have given them a five if they were nearer the $50 range. Shoes arrived within a week despite being shipped from the UK, they even threw in some Haribo gummies in a little packet, awesome!", "FAKE These shoes are not real, this is a big rip off for fake shoes, if you want fake shoes, you should not pay more than $80 for them.", "You like AJ1 lows, red and saucy potatoes? Well these are bossy shoes! Feel amazing, look ill, colorway fresh and the red lining is soo luxe-o! BooSS booSS", "These sneakers are the most comfortable sneakers I have ever owned. I am a server and I use to get blisters on my feet. With these my feet have never felt better. I am definitely going to buy more for my collection.", "Really comfortable, stylish classic shoe. looks good with shorts, jeans, or sweats. bought these because they are the Knicks color.", "Bought couple weeks ago and love them. Width is little tight, but after couple days this problem disappears! One more time prooved that Nike is best!", "These shoes are great.  That's it.  No need to delve into them further (except to point out they're a bit tight in the width, at least for me).  Overall, these are both fashionable & great for everyday wear and to the gym.", "these shoes are great. i love how they look. except they fit very tight at the toe area. so i suggest getting a little bit bigger size than you need. they fit me but just at the leather part they are suuper tight.", "i hate it looks old! it's new but the model looks so old! wish to return it.. what can i do?", "I like the fit and feel of the shoes (I have worn Nike size 11 for years now), but the outsoles - the layer at the very bottom - are not red/crimson as they appear in the photograph. Instead, they are hot pink. (If that works for you, great - but buyers should know what they're really getting.)Update: They have posted better photos now. I'm bumping them up to 4 stars because the shoe design and fit itself is good. I have them in black now and I've been happy with them.", "I loved this shoe so much I bought a second pair! I do cross training and these shoes are light weight but still provide plenty of cushion when you are jumping around. They came quickly within a few days. And the color-design is fun!", "My friends and I did a Dirty Girl Mud Run and at the end we donated our shoes for a cause.  I went online right away and ordered my same pair because I love the way they fit and they are so light.", "I've always wanted these jordans. Pricy but when you wanted these since you were young you have to have them. Every one asks me about them and where I got them. Love these shoes", "the shoe came in awesome condition, the only thing was the box was scuffed up pretty bad, but... its the contents that matter not the packaging.  they were sold out of the 8s so i bought the 9s which fit as expected no regrets whatsoever. price is steep for sure, so think long and hard before making that purchase.", "Got these for my grandson and he is thrilled. Says they fit perfectly and are just what he wanted. The price was extreme, but so is my grandson!", "A really nicely done retro. It fits great and looks really like it should. Really happy with the style, fit,and quality. I also received good fast shipment of order. A good experince all around. Nike does a great job with the retro Jordans!", "They fit awesome. Worth every penny. I want to get a pair for both of my sons. I've been wanting this shoe forever.", "My significant other was determined to get these shoes for herself but they could not be found anywhere. I was not expecting to find them on amazon but was very happy to find a pair.I disliked the obscene price but since they were so hard to find I understood.I would recommend these to anyone that loves Jordans!", "The sneaker came as promised, in a new condition and on time delivery. The only thing is the fit. I normally wear 8.5, but I should have purchased the size 8..", "These shoes looked so sick on the internet and were no different in person when they arrived.The only thing i can say about these shoes is that they fit a little bigger than they say. I ordered a size 11.5 US when I am usually a size 12 US and they fitted perfectly.They receive 5 stars because they look amazing", "I have gone through several pair of nike shox and didn't think more comfort was possible,i was wrong !Not only does it feel like walking/running on air,but they look very cool,i think my favorite Pair of shoes so far.I just hope they will last ,deffinately couldn't afford another pair any time soon.", "I really like these shoes, they are hip and comfortable. Exactly what I expected. Not too heavy either, I would buy them again.", "Colored shoes are all the rage right now and these fit the bill, my son really likes them and says they are comfortable.", "I just got these shoes and love them.  The color is a silver gray, a bit moreso than the picture indicates (google it to see other pics).  The color pink is a cute bubblegummy pink making a great contrast and pop of color to the silver.  The reasons I didn't give these shoes 5 star review are 1. little pricey 2. outer shoe material is stiff a bit hard to wear in, plus I worry it will show crease lines pretty bad.  Otherwise I love the shoes, they are cute and comfy.  I ordered a size 8 and they were probably a half size too big, so keep that in mind.", "Love the colors very comfortable, love the look, very easy to workout in, i used it for bootcamp and weights classes was very good. goo  traction.", "The shoe seems big physically, however; it fits ok.. It is ilke man shoes. It is not elegant but comfortable.", "best shorts for golf or just going around town.they have a slight stretch to them to be worn comfortable. perfect length", "These sandals are excellent they provide relative stability (for a sandal) and are not squishy at all but rather are firm with just enough give to be comfortable The plastic material on the foot bed is not that bad.  It breaks in over time so I would give it a week or 2 before making final assessments.  Great sandal feels like it will hold up well for an entire summer.", "They rock and i do not feel like writing eighteen words about them so this will be rest of review", "Did you see the colors and cut on these?  Because they look exactly like that in person, except better.  The sole material is a deeper beige than is shown online, so they look super vintage, like &#34;rubber band brown.&#34;  Super light and comfortable.  Love these.  Ordered them in another color within five minutes of putting them on out of the box.", "Bueno como ustedes sabran la marca Nike , es la Nike , so aqui no ahi mucho que decir , ustedes sabran que cuando estan comprando algo Nike , estan comprando calidad y esta marca se merese 5 estrellas", "My daughter loves bright colors, green and pink being her favorite.  She loves these.  We usually buy from road runner sports, but their selection for kids is limited.", "The laces are two sided really nice shoe a must have for one fans  I got me n my man a pair I got the purple ones tho", "Comfortable and eye catching.  Although he picked them out himself, they are better than I expected with a pebbly textured on the red suede portion.  He gets lots of compliments on them.  Fit is as expected.", "I like the shoes I think I should have gotten them in a wide. But once I break them in they will be fine.", "Replicas, it's right in the description that they aren't real, don't waste $345 on fakes.  I hate when people get scammed", "Is shoes recive fast is good shoes for very good priece, i love is shoes is excelent finish and label.", "It was everything that I thought it was going to be. The delivery was on time and a bit early. I've been waiting about 13 years to buy them. It was worth the wait...", "Cons:Dorky looking shoe. Runs a bit small, Not true to size (I have lots of Nikes), so order half size larger, to be sure. Has a cheap feel overall, and wobbles a bit when slow walking (but ok in a run).Pro: Lightweight. Latest design, if that means anything to you.Not on sale anywhere and really not worth the price, but if you want what your high school friends want this might be for you.", "I was a bit upset when I bought these for $70 when I went to a outlet where there was a Nike store and I happened to find blue ones my size for approximately $25, However I am into retro running shoes, and since I'm a distance runner and Steve Roland &#34;Pre&#34; Prefontaine is my hero! Nike releasing these shoes made me want to snag a pair of my own. These have a nice design and a &#34;worn&#34; look to them to make it as though they came straight from the 70s other known as the golden age of distance running. They are comfortable trainers and shoes you don't see everyday. These are also great to add to your vintage retro nike running collection!", "Nice color, great Shoes. Really confortable. I used to travel in cool weather and feels great. I will buy same kine again.", "I bought these by chance they would be good for my leg and knee. So far they have been great!", "Bought these for my nephew for his birthday. I was a little worried they would be knockoffs, but they were the real thing. Delivery was fast, showed up in just a few days.", "great product! authentic, comfortable, and top of the line shoe! fits tight so might want to go a size or half size up!", "I've been using Nike Shox for the last 3 years.  I used to go home every night with sore feet from working 12 hour days at a tire shop.  I switched to these and haven't looked back.  If you are putting these to hard use I recommend getting a full leather upper as the fabric ones can develop holes.", "I was very pleasantly surprised when I received this shirt. The shirt is great quality and fits true to size.  I have other Nike shirts that I have ordered the next size up but this shirt does not run small.  You will not be disappointed with the quality of this shirt. The material is nice thick quality that you do not see through. It is very comfortably and has a relaxed fit. I really love the stitching along the shoulders and down the back.  This is a really nice shirt!", "Shirt is really nice and the size is appropriate. I bought a large and normally wear a size 12 or 14.", "Fit exactly as anticipated and it is not see-thru (I was worried with the white color).  Now if I wouldn't spill my food on the white shirt it would be perfect.  Good thing the fabric does not hold the stain & washes easily.  Wish there were more colors than just white & black as I would order more.", "Shirt fit well and was comfortable when I wore it on the golf course.  Style was good and did wisk the moisture away from my body.", "This is my second pair of these flip flops.  Had a pair two years ago and loved them loved for them last summer and could not find them.  Then found them on amazon.  Would love it if Nike would bring them back and in other colors.  Great seller, and very quick shipping.", "I knew this certain style needed a 1/2 size bigger, even if you had previous NIKE shoes. So it became a perfect fit", "But I wear these all the time. I bought a pair last summer, and could not believe how comfy they were. I bought these in a different color so that I can wear them more often!", "I have three pair of Air Max Sneakers and these were just like all the rest.  However, after wearing them one time the cloth portion of the of the insole became detached from the insole.  I either have to take it out, straighten it every time or buy new ones.", "This shoes is great and the cushion when my feet hit the ground while running is very soft. The only draw back is the weight but I still like it and will recommend it to my friends.", "Very comfortable shoe. Fits as I felt it would. Gives the comfort I've come to expect from Nike's Air Max line of shoes. Has gotten me a lot of compliments already. Great all around.", "Shoes are 1500 I buy another!Looking for fresh kicks this is the source old school new school don't sleep!", "Awesome shoes, at an amazing price, love it, I highly recommend it to anyone who likes Nike's shoes... Fits perfectly....", "Right shoe went flat after about 2-3 months with treadmill only activity. Still working on getting replacement but Nike will only do if you buy direct from them. Tracking down the other avenue is quite interesting.", "ok to start this is a really good quality sneaker its breathable and really comfortable to walk.around in and the sneaker is a nice return from the original 95`s so now My goal is to get all colors in this shoe btw I have the original colorway ovean blue from kicks usa amazon is cheaper also", "I am an avid COMFORTABLE sneaker wearer! So all I wear are Nike Air Max & New Balance.  The Air Max 95 are one of my favorites of all time. I've been wearing them since they first came out & own them in several colors. I highly recommend them for anyone looking for a comfortable, long lasting running shoe.", "Would appreciate if there was some shoe bag-s in the box  in order to keep in my closet  Also price should be slightly lower", "I had Air Max running shoes in the past and knew they run 1/2 size small (9 1/2 instead of 9). This style unfortunately ran narrow as well and was not comfortable. Very easy and quick return.", "What can you say about the total airmax's, they are priced a bit steep but they are also the most comfortable.. I am positive core runners dont buy nike air max too much from what ive seen on runners feet but for us that are less fanatic but still active, pick up a pair. Youll see.", "I am a consistent 8.5 in all styles of Nike brand shoes / sneakers, but my toes were in immediate pain as soon as I put these on; to the point I couldn't even think about running in them let alone walk around my apartment for 30 seconds.Definitely recommend getting a half size up.  Otherwise, love the comfort, lightness + knit.", "I was drawn to this shoe because Nike's Lunarlon technology is really incredible and supportive. Throw in the new Flyknit technology and this shoe really feels like a snug sock on your feet. Love this colorway as well. It's grey/black with a sharp inclusion of blue. Just a great shoe. Also, this store might have the best customer service I've had through an Amazon store. Quick feedback, Amazon Prime fast shipping and delivery, and they've earned me as a repeating business customer for sure!", "I can't be more happy... Fits just perfect... the size, the color, the confort... everything is just what i imagine to have... i just love it... ;)", "I've run over 40 years and over 100,000 miles.  I've worn Nike shoes for 35 years.  Over those years of running, the best Nike shoes of the past, for me, were the Terra TC (non-air shoe) and the Air Mariah.  I prefer a shoe that is lightweight (between a racing flat and heavier training shoe) and good cushion.  I find that the Flyknit is &#34;cushiony&#34; and lightweight.  I now have two pairs ... a 10.5 and an 11.  Nike shoes sometimes have a narrow and sloping-at-the-front toe box.  As such I get a shoe a half size larger.  I got the 11 first, then determined that a 10.5 would do fine ... and it does.  It's a good sized toe box, no need to go larger than ones normal running shoe size.  I've put about a 100 miles on the shoes ... I run 40-45 miles/week ... and alternate daily among 4 different shoes.  My longest run with the Flyknit is 13 miles ... I think they will do well for longer runs also.  I like very much the Flyknit.  They work quite well for me.", "I purchased these after seeing the review on Runners World. They're very lightweight with sufficient arch support for running-- unlike other reviews I didn't think my heel slipped at all. They fit perfectly and are breathable.", "I LOVE these shoes! I use them for the gym and it feels like I'm walking around on a fluffy marshmallow cloud pooped out by unicorns. I was nervous to order shoes online because like most people, my shoe size tends to fluctuate between brands. I'm normally between a 6.5 - 7.5 and got a 7.5 because I knew I'd be wearing socks with them all the time. Voila! PERFECTION. Cop these - you won't regret it!", "I loved my Shoes I seem to be very happy with them ! They Fit Just right also which is good I was worried about them not fitting when buying online", "I like this product wish they had a larger size selection or width nice shoe like the reflective material little pricey", "I been wanting these Jordan's in my size and I finally have them. My package came right on time hope to be your customer soon again keep up the low sell prices on your shoes and you will continue to get some service from me.", "I have to be honest this color was not my second or even third choice, but, is my second pair of this years model, regardless, although i try to try out different types of shoes for different things, i am no means a serious runner and i know there are more expesive shoes out there for the more hard-core crowd but year after year, nike's flagship airmax shoe always satisfees me feets. I've had just about every total airmax shoe on and off for at least the last 15 years. every so often ill try to relive my younger years every once and awhile but i always come back to nike total airmax's. these don't hurt your feet if you dont run in them so, if you just are cruising around and doing daily things and want a totaly comfortable shoe to help you out, these are them, they wont leave you feeling all jacked up at the end of the day....", "I bought these shoes for my boyfriend. He picked them out and he loves them. Very happy with my purchase!", "these shoes came within 2 days of purchase which blew my mind because i didnt choose the expedited shipping so already i was feeln it.  THEY LOOK so much better up close, the blue is jus how u see it online and it matched my SF GIANTS hat perfectly.  realy comfortable and sturdy shoe like all forces are.  shoe laces have a sheen to it that at an angle they kinda look purple so i though that was cool. i didnt notice this because my laptop has its brightness up all the way but i thought the sole of the shoe was ALL WHITE but it has that gum color at the grip and in my opinion it throws off the color combo! kind of disapointing if u ask me.  ALL IN ALL GREAT BUY THO! shoes is definetely an ATTENTION GETTER", "This was a great buy!! I don't always wear Nike but I like this one. I just might get another pair..", "Received this case with my prescription Nike sunglasses. I put them away after a long weekend just following when I picked them up. When I retrieved them, I found that case had lost all tension. The springs somehow came loose. The plastic ridges holding one of the springs broke and there way no way to fix it. Will be looking for another case.", "My husband loves his Nike prescription sunglasses. But the case is worthless. The problem is Nike has built the sunglasses so they will ONLY fit into this case. My husband has only had his glasses for a year, but this is the 3rd case I've ordered. He needs to be able to keep his glasses nice, so I keep ordering the cases. I just wish Nike would make a more durable case that doesn't crumble apart at the seams.", "I have more Nike tanktops like this for working out in, I'm generally a Medium, but they seemed a little too small so I ordered this one in a large. I'm basically drowning in it, the sizing seems bigger than expected.", "My grandson loves his new shoes. Tries to wear them everywhere. He says they are the best he ever had. He is eight years old, lol", "Carhartt crew socks are much better, however, you get less pairs for almost the same price. I priced these at JC Penny before I bought them and they wanted $17.00. So I give these socks a full 5 stars.", "They fit as if they were customed made. They are also very comfortable and have this very good feel of durability.", "A lil tight I'm a 11.5 in shoe size but the sweat wicking works fine . Will try this in black", "The socks fit great and the amount of socks for the price was an amazing deal. Might even my more!", "they are comfortableAnd the price is acceptableI like the color , they look goodI will buy they again", "They seem to be better than the big box retailer multi pack crew socks that I normally buy. Nice tight fit around the instep.", "My son has a really big foot size 13 and it is hard to find a good fitting sock. These were perfect. Great quality and good price.", "Nice socks, they look, feel and fit great. i used them for sport and casual wear. They have been holding up well.", "Had these for a while now and they are holding up well after several washings as regular go to the gym socks. They are holding their color and performance. What's not to like?", "elastic encircling arch of foot is tight and tends to draw toe and heel to center of foot.  had to remove shoes and pull toes back out.  padding is nice.", "Already had a pair of these shoes already, so I knew what to expect.  Love the classic look and color scheme of the shoe.", "Got a pair of these shoes for my granddaughter. They look good with any outfit and they are very stylish. Easy to keep clean also.", "Brought these for my daughter for PE.  She loves them and so do I. VERY sturdy shoe!  Thank you very much!", "Very comfortable and stylish! Fit as indicated and foot breathes in them.  Received many compliments each time that I wear them.", "Love these new shoes, they are very comfortable and also really nice looking. Size is pretty accurate. I would recommend this good product.", "Thanks they're perfect!  Great fit, comfortable and my son really likes them.  Would order them again in the future. Thanks", "I was initially checking out the old school chuck taylors but I figured hey nikes would be more comfortable and its all about the comfort man and they look awwwwwww sum.  I highly recommend these kicks to only my close friends but I love everyone in the world bro oooooooow.", "i love these! best color for the 13s in my opinion. i'm very satisfied. the order shipped and arrived relatively quickly and the shoes were legit. the price was reasonable as well since most want 300 or more once they sell out. i'm definitely ordering from these guys again!", "My son love the shoes.It took a whole week to arrive,but I was satisfied when i seen the shoes.I will be shopping with F.S. Fashion again.", "I bought these for my 14 year old grandson. They are the perfect colors for his high school Basketball team. He loves the colors, fit, and they are comfortable. I got tired of going from one store to another, and discovered Amazon. I'll shop again.", "These shoes have extremely thin insoles and the backs aren't as stable as previous nikes I've owned.  The backs kind of fold in and irritate the back of my heel a bit.Otherwise they're fine.", "Price is right, shoes are great. At first I thought they might be knockoffs since they had a brown box. But I researched them and they are legit.", "First pair of running shoes and I love em! Great price too, cant wait for my next pair! Yup yup", "Like you're walking on air. Nikes run about a half size big, so buy accordingly. Great looking durable shoes...did I mention comfortable..?", "These shoes are so lightweight that you hardly notice you arte wearing. These are my second pair and as long as they keep making them, I will be buying and wearing.", "They are very comfortable well made. The material is great for play tennis. They are light weight what is great. The colors are perfect just what I wanted", "I have the worst feet, especially when it comes to working out.  These shoes are very comfortable.  Perfect for yoga.  But I also where them for more high impact workouts like Insanity (probably not ergonomically sounds, but they get me through a workout way better than cross-trainers).  Not to mention, they are just so cool looking.", "I bought these to go with yellow and black themed outfits in my wardrobe they are not to outragous and do the job well so ya they're cool, nothing spectacular but nice", "Ordered for a friend.They just wished the shoe was black. In all regards the shoe is nice and the kid will be happy walking around in it.", "Shoes are great!love the color. Traction is superb. Very comfortable. it does run a bit wide, easily solved however by placing another layer of insole over the original.", "Great shoes very comfortable smooth relaxed very light no knock off all real played basketball in these shoes and there great", "For me the size was a little large, but I have been losing weight and I lose weight evenly all goes down at once, even my feet, so maybe, I should have ordered a half size down. I saw socks offered with the cushion on the heel. You NEED HEEL CUSHIONED SOCKS OR QUARTER LENGTH..anything to protect your back top heel.", "Cute sneaker, have gotten alot of compliments. I ordered 8 1/2 first but they run slightly big, sent those back for an 8 and they fit fine.", "Shoes are so light on your feet.  Can't even tell you have it on.  Plus pink is my ultimate favorite color!!", "are great but must get a half size larger because they run small. But I love them; very comfortable. ....", "I am very happy with this product. The sneakers are very comfortable, the running shoe is true to your size. I would recommend this product to anyone that does exercise, like myself. These shoes are great for running or aerobics because of the comfortable fit your feet is not impacted on those jumps and squats during an aerobics routine.", "These shoes are fabulous.  The fit is better than expected.  I loved them so much, I bought my daughter a pair.  You will not be disappointing!", "This was an absolute steal !!! I thought it was going to be a disaster when I only paid $19.99 for Nike Air Max, which are typically over $100. I love, love, love my purchase !!!", "These shoes are pretty darn comfy, but they do slip a little more than I anticipated.  I love how your feet slide right in, that does make them comfortable, but I was expected the shoelaces to tie tighter than what they do so that they would not slip a little like they do.  They are fine to walk in casually in but I can't wear them for intense workouts like I had planned because (of the slight slipping) the back of my ankle blisters.", "I purchased these for a friend who was in a MVA and was relearning to walk in a rehab facility.  He loved these shoes because they are very lightweight yet offer good support and are comfortable.", "I bought these to replace a old pair of Fila Trainers. I thought &#34;why not upgrade and get something a little better?&#34;..Well higher price doesn't always equal better. In less than a 50 miles the tread was starting to come unglued and i had little flaps of plastic hanging from the bottom them. I actually tripped a couple of times because of this flaw and decided to give up trying to run in them.I do have a friend that bought some just for a everyday shoe (no running) and they have done pretty good for him. So if that's your intention you'll probably be fine.", "It's a nice, lightweight training shoe on the hardcourts for those ballers working out!  Fashionable and many color combos to choose from!", "I love this shoe design, I love how it looks, I have wonderful memories of when I first owned this shoe, but I had to return them because they have to be the most uncomfortable shoes I have ever worn.  There is no cushioning in the heel, the high top just rubs into your achilles, the shoe is stiff and doesn't bend, and there is little to no cushioning in the sole.  I have hiking boots that are way more comfortable than these!  It's a tragedy because I love how this shoe looks, but it's completely unfunctional.", "Two weeks and already falling apart. Total waste of time and money. For the price expected better quality than this substandard material", "This man made material these are made of is terrible.  Wore these a few times casually and they got a smell I have never smelled in any of my other shoes that won't wash out.  I have sprayed them, frozen them the smell is part of the package I guess..  Also they have vents all over them but the vents are covered by so much padding inside they are totally pointless.", "Love this shoe! Get compliments all of the time . If you enjoy Nike Free ( you will definitely love this style) .", "Dissapointing comfort during work out.  I bought for Insanity and returned the next day.  Asia's Gel Intensity is a lot better option.", "Very high quality shoe for the price. Unbelievably cushy sole that makes it very comfortable to walk in, great for weightlifting or cross training.", "Bought these elsewhere for walking and wear them everywhere now.  Super comfortable but seem to run a little small.  I wear 8 1/2 N and these are snug on me.  Probably wouldn't fit well, if you have a wide foot.  Every time I wear them, I get compliments, from young kids, young adults, and older people, too.  I bought the black and blue color, which is a nice neutral color that goes with everything, if you want to wear them all the time, like I do.  Highly recommend for any activity, as they fit so well, are super lightweight, and feel like you aren't even wearing shoes, but still offer support.", "C&oacute;modas ,tiene buen agarre en la cancha , tienen un buen dise&ntilde;o y erg&oacute;nomicamente perfectasComfortable, has good grip on the court, are well designed and ergonomically perfect", "This pair of shoe looks worse than a pair of knockoff I got. Even the logo look was bad and the paint is coming off of the sole.", "Today I decided to check out my local footlocker and champs for a pair of Kobe 8's, both year of the snakes and the black sulfurs before I went ordered these to be exact. Both was in stock for retail price of $140 but I decided to get the Black Sulfurs because they had one left in my size. And they also mentioned to me that they were gonna restock soon but I needed a new pair of shoes to play in. So if you are thinking about getting these shoes. Check out your local footlocker, champs, footaction, or shoe store and maybe you can purchase them at retail price.", "shoe's are too narrow for my normal-slightly wide foot. They make you pay for the return cost but I had Amazon a agent request a prepaid labels.", "Just not wide enough. Had to return them at my expense. They looked great though. Hopefullty, I can get them in a wider size.", "Great fit and look great!  Very comfortable which hardly ever happens when I order sneakers on line! Very happy with this purchase and would certainly buy again from this vender!", "Like Nike Air Max Shoes and the color of them . They are comfortable. I would recommend thisshoe to a friend", "AWESOME SHOES GREAT PRICE AND THEY FIT MY BF VERY GOOD AND HE WAS VERY PLEASED AND WANTS TO ORDER ANOTHER PAIR THANKS", "A good looking traditional track suit but it ran small for a Nike product.  The zipper is also on the &#34;wrong&#34; side so I'm wondering if it was made for the Asian market or something.", "GREAT TRACKSUIT !! BAD THINGS ,,AFTER ONE WASH ,,THE PANTS AND JACKET ATTRACT MANY LITTLE LINTS BALLS ,,,SPENT AN HR CLEAN IT ,,RECOMMENT DONT WASH IN MACHINE !!", "I haven't try it but it is kind a quality Jordan. I like its color; but, if its color is white instead of metallic silver, it can be more attractive.", "I love the way these shoes look and feel. They are comfy to wear all day long and I've recieved several compliments on how good they look.", "These shoes fit my son perfect and the hat is so soft it is the only one my son will keep on his head.", "love the fit, feel and looks. exactly as I expected. was looking for this colorway in my size and was happy to finally find it", "They are light weight & very durable. And the color really pops!! I wear them with summer suits. And they are a great conversation starter", "Light weight, good looking, fits well.  Best price we found (but, overpriced anyway).Hope to get a lot of use out of them.", "I ordered these for my son's birthday, they arrived early and he was very happy with them. We live in different cities so I couldn't be there on that day but his gift was waiting at the door when he got home from school.", "Nice pair of kicks difficult to match up with other clothes but I really loved it. These shoes reminded me of my younger days definite cop", "Pretty cool colorway of a nice comfortable sneaker. I use these to play in and the are very comfortable and have maximum cushioningPros:Very comfortableCool colorsCushioning is top notchThe laces are very high qualityVentilation is alrightCons:expensive!!", "The shoes are as represented.  They look wonderful, and of course, a thirteen year old junior high student couldn't be more impressed.  They arrived in the time specified.", "Shoe is true to size. Very comfortable when wearing sneaker.  Shoes are able to breath so your feet don't get irritated", "I like the shoes they came on time. They feet as expected. My son likes the shoe so I do as well!", "My lil guy is so picky and every shoes he tries hurts. These however were perfect and they are true to his size. Thanks again.", "I selected white on white but received blue on white, didn't bother to call because my wife said she liked them!", "These sneakers arrived and I immediately noticed they were patent 'white' leather. Not for me. They were requested to be returned and an RMA was immediately issued for a return. Currently waiting for refund,", "Bought these after owning a Lunar Glide 1 and 2. These feel really light for being a water proof shoe. They look very stylish as well. The only reason why they didn't get a 5 is due to the yellow/green not being what inexpected", "The Lunarglide is Great shoe and true to size.The shoe is light and feels great while running or walking", "the mesh sucked on my feet, cutting off the blood to my toes. aside from that this shoe was so bad for my ankle i cant tell you how foolish i feel for trying this marshmello with laces.", "Fits perfect, delivered when expected and made with reflective material. Love them, fits just like NIKE's always do. Highly reccomend", "Bought these for my son who runs CC at college.  He loves them and says they are the best shoes he has worn in his years of running.", "My son is a VERY active athlete and wears these shoes a lot. They remain looking great and are one of his favorites.", "Everything was perfect, and my boyfriend's shoes fit excellently; couldn't be happier with the experience. Thank you so much Amazon!", "i need a shoes for begin my training, this shows are very confortable and look and perfect good in my feet", "Love this shoe , perfect fit. My husband loves the color and the shoe was the right size he wears.", "I have been a fan of the Nike Blazer SB for sometime. I was sad to see that this was just the Blazer by nike. The upper ankle area feels a little cheap to me almost as if it was recycled material. My Blazer SB's feel more stable and comfortable around the upper ankle area compared to these.", "Shoes are comfortable, lightweight, and perfect for running, walking and also for wearing in the gym. If you have a broad foot i think you should choose a larger size than normal.", "Fitting is perfect. Shoe is very lite. I love the combination of red and black. Nice looking. Seem to,have good grip. I have not try them yet. My only worry is that for a trail shoe, they feel soft.  I will give a other feedback when i ran in them.", "They are very light weight and comfortable to run in. Not too narrow in the toes as some Nike shoes can be.", "My distance shoe is Asics, but this shoe is very comfortable for casual use or short runs. Great looking shoe too.", "The only thing I dont like about these shoes is the sticker for a Nike logo on the side...  I have a feeling it will start to peel off or slowly flake away over time becoming a real eyesore on the side of these.", "I have three of this style. I would would buy this product again when I need a new pair. Nike lovers will want this shoe !!", "Always been a fan of Nike. I don't wear any other shoe. The only thing about this shoe I don't really like is how tight the tongue is as well as when I walk, the tongue shifts to the left on my left foot. I've had this problem with most shoes though so it's not that big of a deal. Feel comfortable and easy to slip on and off. Would buy again.", "These will primarily be a gym shoe but they looked better than the picture, so these will get more foot time.  The light gray and red look really nice and they are very comfortable .  Good price from another store.", "My son wanted these, we ordered them and they were perfect. He wears a 13 and the fit was spot on.", "The shoes were too narrow and were squeezing my foot across the toes. Then it costed me about $22 dollars on ($50 pair) to send it back California. Not happy.", "They were on time and my daughter loves them. They fit great colorful just as it appeared on the website", "these do not fit like my current pair of Pegasus+30.  They seem to be wider and a tad bit longer.  Sadly I have to return them.", "I purchased a pair in the store (coral & gray LOVE) and thought these would have the same exact support. Oddly, they dont. Very disappointing bc I had to wear them both to see the difference and I even pulled the insoles out to see and was right they are different. :(", "Love: color, breathabilityDon't love: snugness after arch support.If you need to add an arch support, order a half size up.", "I purchased these for my wife the runner.  She loves the feel and the look.  Several fellow runners have asked her where she bought this particular color.", "I have knee, neck and back pain, so I was anxious to try these shoes to see if they helped.  Well, they are like walking on pillows!  They are so comfortable!!!  I can't believe how soft they are.  I've already ordered a second pair.", "It was very comfortable from when i put them on.....i recommend it to anyone who trys this particular shoes....love it", "These sneakers are very comfortable and the color is awesome!! Much better than the pic shows!  They are bright and fun!", "I love these shoes - I wear them both at the gym and on bike rides though they are a bit narrower than my Nike Relentless 3's. Also, I bought these in an 8 (like my Relentless 3's) and they're more snug both width-wise and along the bridge (top) of my foot.", "Great shoe! Very comfortable so far. The heel seems a little deep, but I've had no friction problems with it. The laces are a bit short for a running shoe, but I can change those. They are also super cute in the grey and pink! Love them!", "Fit as expected and they are very comfortable.  I love nike and thats all i ever buy and will continue to.", "These have got to be the most comfortable, light, cushioned, tennis shoe I have ever had the pleasure of putting on my feet. They are a nice BRIGHT hot pink color which I love and they are much more beautiful than the picture portrays. I could not be happier!", "Great shoe. Hubby bought them for me to use in a marathon. Feels great not too tight or too loose. Good deal on price. Shipping was  fast.", "But these aren't my favorite. For the first time in 20+ years of wearing Nikes I got a blister on my heel wearing these. It only happened the first time I wore them, and they're mostly comfortable now, but I still don't like the tongues-- they feel too narrow. Other than that, a great shoe, supportive and the soles are grippier and much sturdier than the ones on my previous pair of Nikes.", "The shoe was very pretty but the size runs small.  I normally wear a 7 1/2 or 8 so I ordered an 8 to be safe.  I could just get the shoe on if I didn't wear socks.  If I put socks on - I felt like I was wearing a size too small or a narrow shoe.  I had to return them.", "I liked the shoes but they were to narrow, the size fit, loved the shoes but could not get them on my foot.", "i like these shoes alot i would get another pair soon i am probably getting another color though  love them", "Love the colors and they are extremely comfortable! Perfect for running. I'm very satisfied with my purchase. And the price!", "These are good shoes and the price isn't awful.  I got my pair for under $55.  I just wear mine for walking to/from school & around campus & they're good for that.", "I really love my shoes. I love the color. I love how they feel. I just love them period :)", "I am totally satisfied with my shoes. I love them! Got them on time and it really worth the money.", "They are really comfortable.Love how they fit.I use them a lot.And I also love the colors.Perfect.", "I wear a size 6, but ordered a 6 1/2 since I would be wearing to walk and work out. Alittle big, but very comfortable. Love the bright colors. Would order a 6 next time.", "The shoe fits perfectly. These shoes were comfortable from the start. I didn't have to Wear them in. Love running trails and concrete with these! Highly recommend them!", "I would definitely recommend this shoe!! I bought this shoe for my trip to Denver. My feet didn't hurt at all. I walked all over the city and hiked in the snow. Didn't think they'd hold up in the snow but they did. My feet didn't get wet and I didn't slip at all, this shoe has awesome traction.", "these socks are awesome! the color lasts, and they are great fit. i will totally recommend these sock, along with other elite socks.", "At first my daughter was petrified at these shoes; I'm guessing it's from the colors, perhaps? I'm not surprise by the price for these pair of kicks. If you could only imagine the prices for size 8+ in men.", "First of all, I would like to say that I don't know why there's no reviews of this product.The product is exactly as pictured, very light and looks good in personal. It's a quality product, for running or any other outdoor or indoor physical activity. I'm happy with this purchase and I definitely recommend this seller and this particular product.", "We had priced these in the stores and my son REALLY wanted them.  It came quickly and we even got the wrong size and the exchange was super easy.  But honestly the product is cheap and didn't last very long.  My son is hard on shoes (especially his soccer shoes) but they ripped out within 4 months.  It would have been better to pay $40 more and gotten the next steo up.", "absolutely love these, they are adorable and we have gotten so many compliments on how cute they are. definitely worth the money", "I had an original pair of the '90s Air Icarus and have been looking for a replacement for years.  The original pair finally wore completely out two years ago.  These newer Icarus are as close to the original as possible and I would recommend them to anyone who knew how good the originals were.", "This product was excellent, is made of good material and are very comfortable, it is just what I needed,  I love", "Great shoe but the size is at least 2 sizes too small.Make sure to order 1-2 sizes larger than you normally wear.It's a hassle to return them.", "I ordered this shirt for my daughter to run a relay marathon in and it is exactly what she wanted.  Very comfortable.", "great looking shoe, fits as expected, fair price, wears welllooks nice with long pants because it looks like they have laces", "I still wear underwear - I'm just that way- cotton all the way!They are great- I can't tell I have them one and they are comfy.  I have full motion and they wick moisture well", "I love these shorts. I've ran in them several times and at long distances.  No chafe going on at all. Love it!  I only gave them 4 stars instead of 5 as the pockets look a little bunched up when I run in them.", "Purchased this for my annual Hawaii trip of hiking and was perfect for the weather...  not to hot, not cold, and was great for the unexpected light showers.  It is true to size - I am 4'11 and weigh about 95 pounds; x-small fit perfect!", "I was hesitant to purchase these thinking they'd make my muffin top look like other shorts have lately, but I love the fit! Great length, my muffin top was kept in check, no rolls.  Great shorts & will order more! You will not be disappointed :)", "This purple color is awesome. The fit is right on. I've logged several runs in them with no complaints.  They are lightweight and comfortable.", "A little pricy but knew that going in. The delivered shoe was exactly what we ordered. My son likes them a lot.", "I wanted some running shoes to begin a simple exercise routine. These looked great for the price; however the size was very tight despite ordering it about an inch longer than my typical shoe size. Awaiting seller's response.Pros: arrived 7 days ahead of scheduleGreat priceCons: Smaller than expeced", "Now a day is so difficult to find clothing that is not over-design in the use of fabrics, so the swimming and sunbathing apparel, which is supposed to be small, so one can tan..... but then again here is Nike having us in mind and giving us a nice though and manufactured product.", "I've never felt \"athletic\" in a golf shoe. I've felt like a golfer, \"man these shoes are waterproof, look like golf shoes, and provide support throughout my swing,\", but my movement has always felt manufactured and unnatural in my previous shoes. This shoe changed that. If you like to walk like I do, you'll be thrilled owning these. They hold well to the short fairway grass and the longer rough. The comfort and freedom of these shoes are unmatched.", "Love this shoe!  The style, look and comfort are super!  These were recommended to me by an experienced runner, and I couldn't be happier with her recommendation.", "This is my daughter's favorite basketball shoe and the 4th pair we have purchased. She currently plays on 3 club level basketball teams so they get a lot of use.  She has tried many other Nikes and other brands and just never likes the fit. These are the perfect fit and feel for her.  She tends to have a bit narrower ankle.", "Excellent shoes to play indoor basketball, it keeps your ankle safe, specially if you tend to do mane &#34;crossover&#34; while dribbling ... Recommended", "lightweight and super great colors....my son's new favorite shoe for tennis!  Shoes arrived on time and are more comfortable than most that we have triedalso true to size", "love these shorts, have several pairs. black, graphite, and the red. these are a little on the expensive side but they are def worth it.I am 6'2, 185, with a 32 waist. I ordered the large because I just like that fit better in the gym. I could have gone with the medium if I wanted the tight look, but the large are not to big at all, they dont fall down or bunch up, just offer a little extra room. these are also great at keeping you cool and dry at the gym. def recommend these over the Nike Dri Fit 2.0. I have both but these are my favs. Hope the info helped in sizing.", "I purchased these shoes to play recreational ball games about a week ago.  First impressions were the appearance of the shoe was second to none!  I really like that the shoe comes with black, white, and red laces.  I put the red ones in as I wanted to accent the red in the shoe.  Very well constructed shoe and doesn't seem like it will crease or wear out very quickly.  Since them, I have done several &#34;Insanity&#34; workouts and played 3 pickup games of BB at the rec.  The first workout that I did in them I could tell they were new shoes but they seemed to brake in fast.  After the first few workouts I play some BBall and they were amazing!  Great traction, and stayed right with me when driving and making cuts.  I would highly recommend these for for anyone looking for a good BBall shoe!", "Nice color scheme. 1st time seeing cool grey Air Jordan 1's. It's a comfortable fit as expected. Only problem is that it wrinkles easy...", "perfect fit and love the comfort as much as the looks! looks really good with denim jeans. Your getting quality", "Great product, fits perfectly in my back pocket.  Love the design and functionality of this product.  Couldn't have asked for a better product.", "I like this &#34;layout&#34;, with room for several credit cards, but the cards fit very tight. Almost too tight. Otherwise it's pretty good, nice leather.", "Best cleats I ever owned, regardless of price. I play mainly on turf, but this cleats are HYBRID, they perform really well on grass as well. They are very comfortable, foot/ankle support is excellent.", "Great AG shoe that nike discontinued. Great artificial grass cleats. Nice color. Nike's new version of this shoes is a disappoint.", "The shoes are good and they look great but they were smaller then I expected i still haven't used them", "As expected of an indoor soccer shoe, there isn't much support on the arches or around the outer edges of the shoe. But it worked for my son for a season. If you're looking for support, then find a different shoe. In hindsight with his arch problems, I would've chosen differently.", "They gave me much better ball control when I used them. I started with running shoes for my high school soccer practice in the gym but I had bad ball control with them. When I got these my ball control improved a lot.", "These were cute and stylish. My son got great wear out of them. Plus the grips on the bottom were a plus when he was just walking thru the house. Great Buy!", "They so comfortable and high quality. They are very durable, the texture is of the highest of quality. Thank you", "My son looks adorable in these shoes!  They are perfect for running and playing outside.  Also fashionable and cool... Making him the hippest toddler on the block! :)", "Our son has a size 4 foot and we ordered the 4 1/2 since it was the only choice available.  It fit great, he's had no problems and loves the look and feel of them.  Love this purchase.", "Expected the shoe to not be very comfortable but wanted it just for style purposes; however, it's extremely comfortable, well balanced and fits perfectly.", "Fits just as expected. The reason I stay with the same brand, Nikes have always kept their sizing true in my experience.", "Loved the shoe, but I was disappointed that they did not have the colorway that I had ordered even though the website stated in stock. I had to settle for another color and no compensation was offered. Maybe a slight discount or something.", "the shoe fits as expected and shipped within 5 days which is on time. The price is normal and the color and design i could not find anywhere else.", "Exactly what I wanted, nothing less than that. Got it faster than I expected as well. No mishaps so far.", "my 14 year old son picked them out for himself and likes them. He says the fit is good; time will tell about how they hold up. The last pair of Nike's wore out at about the 6 month mark, but he was growing out of them anyway.", "The nike hyper fuse great shoe. We needed to go up 1/2 size. Vender has been easy to deal with.  I would use them again.", "These shoes are AWESOME! I wish I would have bought these sooner. Buy these and you too will love them", "good look, good feel, good performance so far. I would buy these again, and also not too expensive. Nike is the best for basketball of course.", "My nephew is very proud of this shoe! He thinks that it turns him into a star basketball player!!! There is an issue with some separation of sole and the side of the shoe; very early for a shoe of this price and reputation...  :-/", "My new favourite shoes I am on about my 15th pair and I can't think of a bad one in the entire lot. This latest pair is stylish and just what I wanted!", "this shoes is very airy, comfortable and you can get the perfect fit that you want, tying more or less depending your game needings.", "As a rugby coach, running around in a gym all day can really hurt your feet. The problems I faced with other running shoes is bad form, but these shoes are so light and comfortable I have been doing great. They have good grip and surprising flexibility. I would recommend to everyone.", "These shoes are awesome and the color is different just what I was looking for.They grip your feet and at the same time feel comfortable.", "Size fit just the way I was hoping. Looks great. Very happy with purchase. Only thing I wasn't happy about was trying to contact seller to combine shipping sense I was buying other shoes  as well. Never heard back", "This is probably the most comfortable shoes I have ever wore. Definitely would recommend this shoe to anyone. AMAZING! Great for doing anything physical.", "One of the most comfortable shoes I've ever own. I do Cross-fit types of work out so I was looking for an overall decent shoe with some mid ankle stability and not a lot of heel cushion like your typical running shoes. This shoe exceeded my expectation, extremely comfortable and fits great. Would buy this shoe again.", "Fit is very snug, but this is a very comfortable shoe. Most people would want to buy one half-size bigger than their regular.", "I wore my hyperdunks only for the  season now I wear the were ever I want.The person who rated this before me they.  probably  wore them everywhere or tugged at the flywire. The shoes have great ankle support the flywire helps you kind a little higher.I never got an ankle injury in them.", "They were sold out all at all the local stores and I was able to find them here and get them quick.", "I sent them back because I can't fit my foot in them. Hopefully they can come back bigger for my pleasure.", "Have you got this shoes size 14 or 14,5? will you have ? Can you say me date ? s", "My son loved these shoes because they're a name brand he likes and also that they are his school's color.  Six of his teammates purchased this shoe and without fail everyone of them have had issues.  All of the boys had several of the strings that go up the sides split, causing them to just flap around and look really sloppy.  Most of the boys have had the soles separate from the upper.  These shoes would not be good if you play basketball in a league and are playing and practicing several times each week.  I would not even recommend these for guys who get a lot of playing time over the course of a winter season.  My son has had other Nike basketball shoes that held up reasonably well and we were able to give them to a younger player as he grew out of them; these will have to be thrown away.", "Length ok but somewhat tight on top of arch. May improve with additional use. Definitely, a training shoe, not for running.", "Great shoe for training as per my so, who is very had to satisfey when it comes to shoes for training.", "Nike has always been my brand for athletic shoes; they did not disappoint with the Velocitrainer!  Great fit, unique design/colors.  I am always catching other gym patrons checking them out; no doubt wishing they had a pair.  Haven't seen them anywhere but here.", "i had ordered the nike flex show tr 2 in gray white and blue color scheme in mens when i opened the box they were a pinkish color the sticker they put over the size and color label it said mens when i removed that sticker the label said women's flex run 2013 magenta i called and complained they gave me a refund and i reordered the right one or so i thought because the second package was exactly the same said mens on the sticker over the label ended up being womens again", "I thought they'd be a little wider, but other than that they are okay. They were also support to be dark grey on lite gray.", "Really good all round shoe. I use day to day and for Wing Chun training, until I get martial arts shoes.  I use more often than I thought I would. I was nervous about the size, I got a size 13, but it fits really well. Its really light and comfortable.A good buy and really worth it.", "The shoe is fine it just ran a little large on my foot. Otherwise, the shoe is of great quality!", "This is my first pair of Nike for my teen. He loves them and even chooses them over boots when the weather is bad. He's not much of a fashion hound, but these shoes bring that side of him out a little more.", "The has the letter D in it which is for wide feet, but the shoes I received were not for wide feet.", "All around great shoe. Good for working around the house, walking dogs, to golfing. They are always comfortable no matter the conditions.", "My daughter loved them and they looked just as cool when we got them as they did online. She couldnt wait to ware them.", "The left shoe fits perfectly.The right shoe begins hurt across the instep especially on the outer edge of the shoeafter a few minuets.", "These are awesome shoes for working out in. They are so well designed that your foot is very stable. You feel safe lifting heavy weights knowing that your feet will not slip out from under you.", "I got these shoes but don't work out in them. I only use them for every day walking around. I'm not sure they are the right shoe for me as a work out shoe. I feel I need a shoe that is a little more stable.", "I have always been a fan of nike product and these trainers are really nice as well but a size 12.5 would have fitted perfect nevertheless its a good shoe.", "Good:I like the fit and color of the shoe. It seems to be a well-made shoe, what I would expect from Nike. I do not wear them outside so I do not know how well they would hold up on the concrete or asphalt. These shoes are great for lateral motion and jumping.Bad:Not enough padding for my back and knees.I wear them during my TurboFire workouts. A lot of jumping and side to side motion. If you have normal knees and no back pain, I can't imagine a better shoe to workout in. I have only been wearing them 2 months so I am hoping that my body will eventually become stronger so I can get more benefit from the shoes.", "As a fitness instructor, I go through a lot of athletic shoes. I purchase Nike shoes frequently, and am usually very happy with my choice. These shoes, however, are horrible. The shape of the shoe itself is unusual and feels strange. There is excess space at the toe, making it feel as though I'm wearing flippers. In fact, when I walk, the toe end slaps down, making an obnoxious slapping sound. The colour of the shoe is surprisingly more purple than the photo shows and the tongue is flimsy.Also, if you plan on doing any jumping, you may find that the ball of your foot becomes bruised and painfulThe only positive I have for this shoe is the fun pattern on the sole.", "these shoes are not at all comfortable. Ive never had Nikes not be comfortable. These are a first the area where the shoe bends near the toes dig in to the top of the foot. Ive worn them for two weeks now and they are still very uncomfortable do not waste your money on these shoes.", "these are the shoes I need for work and they will come in handyand my boss will be real happy with me", "I bought these for work and they fit very well. at first they seemed a bit tight but after a few steps the seemed shape to my foot. very comortable.", "If you have a wide or &#34;flat&#34; foot like me, choose a wider size. Other than that, a great shoe that was easily broken in.", "The shoes are comfortable and fit as expected.The appearance of the shoes are a little shinier than I expected though.  My wife thinks they make look like a 'special needs' kid.  Ugh.", "just what I ordered. Fit perfect and will work great with what they are for! Great price as well and delivered on time", "They are to big but I had already thrown packing away so I have no choice but to keep them.  I were10 in running shoes so, I thought they would be fine but they are to big.", "The shoe is very light. I ordered it for my Les Mills Body Pump class, and unfortunately the shoes dig in a little across the top of my foot when I go down to do a squat. I was also a little concerned that they might split or tear. They seemed a bit too plastic to really hold up.", "I got the black one and I liked it but the size runs really big.  I wear a 10 but this felt more like an 11 or a 12 so I had to return it.", "This shoe in a medium width is tight for even my narrow foot with the left one more comfortable than the right.  The color combination is beautiful.", "The Nikes fit well and have a nice look however,  they do not have a lot of cushion.  I purchased them because Nike doesn't make all black T-Lite VIIIs.", "I am going to Nursing school and needed a pair of all white sneakers and was looking in shoe department stores all around me and they either did not have plain white sneakers, did not fit right, or were slip-ons (I prefer tie shoes because then your foot is not as apt to slip out of the shoe.). I was also looking for Nike white sneakers because they are the brand that give my feet the most support. The only think that I do not really like is I like squishy, cushion-y soles and these did not have them. But I will just go and buy some soles that give me that. Otherwise, these sneakers are perfect for what I need!!", "Very nice looking and fit is true to size. The ankle support as well as the instep support is very nice.  Plus they are a more normal color, not some kind of weird streaking color.  By the way, I have a very high instep, a very long foot (*11 1/2) and tend to be on the narrow side in the heel.  Was very pleased with this fit.", "The shoes are great, nice fit& comfortable to me there more casual than playing ball in,I wear them for style, thanks again amazon for great service& friendly service", "This kicks look fantastic the price a bit cheaper than other web sites which is a bonus I hope that when thy arrive they don't disappoint me because they sure look like one of the best in the market plus hard to get if not they will be and probably the value increase then impossible to get so juggalos get this kicks now before they are gone for good.Whoop!Whoop!Happy4/20Yaagul .", "Shoes are perfect match with my Michigan gear and fit just right. I cant wait to wear them on Michigan game days!", "These Nike should change their name to s***They literally...LITERALLY fall apart.Wore these out in the rain....the bottom soles started to come unglued. By the time I got home, they were completely apart. Really Nike? .......Really?Who knew these shoes could be worn in the rain?Really think these are imitations. They're horrible.", "These sneakers are great. Good fit, very comfortable and also look excellent. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a nice pair of sport shoes", "That is the worst display of a shirt every, is this an Onion article, ahahhaha!a skinny tattooed model,  hahaha", "I guess I didn't readvthe description at all or properly but this shoe is patten leather but it all worked out in my favor it's easy to clean. True fit.", "Excellent, the only reason I had 4 stars instead of 5 cause it keep the water or wet for longer than expected ! Otherwise the look, comfort and fits great.", "My husband loved them, they are his favorite work out shoes. The color is nice and  different from you traditional blacks. light weight and flexible.", "I've gone through 2 pairs of these. I used to go with mizuno flats and was looking for another minimalist option with a little more support. I was putting 30-50 miles a week on them training for a marathon and then ultimately used them for running the marathon. Very lightweight, comfortable, and well vented so my feet didn't overheat like earlier versions of the Free. Sized very small, I usually wear 9.5 and went with the 10.5. I could have probably gone with the 11.", "Because the tongue of the shoe is attached it makes it a little difficult to get your feet in at first... Also, it's a bit snug fitting so I would suggest going up a half size, although I have had mine in my regular shoe size for some time and it did stretch. However, this does not take away from the fact that this shoe is exceptionally comfortable for everyday wear or exercise. Love them and would definitely buy more!", "I have a lot of NIKE Shoes......these fit especially tight because they are different in the fact that she have elastic not unlike a sock. The laces aren't really needed. THEY ARE LIGHTER than AIR. I love them.", "This new(er) model of Nike Free is a bit different than an older one that I found in a Nike outlet. It was very comfortable but the shoe's heel is sewed in such a manner that you need to try half size larger than your usual size. Other than that, they are perfect. It's like running barefoot.", "May daughter has these for training for track and her DAD stated you still need spikes to run on the track in. Liked them so much her sister had to have a pair.", "I have had this pair of shoe for a couple of months now and I absolutely love them!!  Fits great and are very comfortable.  I would recommend this shoe, its worth every penny!!", "Great fit and excellent for running and walking. I was looking for a perfect pair of sport shoes and I found it. Great price too.", "I love it!  The colors are almost the same as in the picture, so you get what you expect.  It fits perfectly.", "Most trails shoes do the job but their looks are ugly. The nike zoom terra kiger do the job and also kick ass in the looks department. Hey when you're running out there, you might as well look good right?", "Love the nike flex line. This is my second pair, slightly different but nice! This is the most lightweight shoe you'll ever own! I love that..Some people may not prefer minimal arch support but it's still comfy! The bottom of shoe is flat compaired to others, not as bendy/flexible..Perfect for working out and keeping your balance! Firm shoe but not sure about a running shoe! Super cute anyway:)", "Love these shoes. Was expecting blue soles by the picture but when they arrived they look more purple. Pleasant surprise because purple is my favorite color. Very cute", "they are ok...prob woud not buy them again,.didnt find much support and the sole is very hard and not to flexable", "They are most comfortable & I have received several nice complements due to the color scheme. Work great for the gym.", "I love this shoe.  Light and sturdy and cute too!  They give my feet support as I twist and hop in my Zumba classes.  I would recommend this shoe for walking or as casual wear.", "Product was a Christmas gift for granddaughter...She specifically requested this shoe..and they fit and have held up as she expected.", "Super lightweight with a traditional Nike fit (I find Nikes to be on the narrow side with a rounder toe), fun colors. I have always used running shoes for classes at the gym, but never again. The traction on these is great on slick studio floors and the support is there for sudden movement in all directions.  These are so light and comfy that I forget I have shoes on.", "This shoe is perfect for training. It gives me enough stability to do short, fast jaunts at the gym but not quite enough for running. The color is perfect! I love the bright blue color with pink details", "This shoe is stylish, fits perfectly and is very comfortable. I'm on my feet all day long, these shoes are suited for my active job.", "The fun level of this shoe is high.  The blue is a little brighter than the picture.  I'm not a super active person, but I try to get some walking in every day.  It only took a day or two to break in.  I had to replace the insole because it was too thin.  I'm used t this since I have high arches, but it actually surprised me how little foam thy put on the inside.  If you are going to use these shoes for even a little activity or wear them for long periods of time switch out the inside foam.", "These shoes were great. I play basketball every sunday and needed some new shoes to wear every now and then that were off the wall. They are not as comfortable as lebrons, but I can still run and shoot threes all day in them. great look and cheap price", "When i open the package, I find there is a spot on the face. I know this is a new shoes, but there is really a small black spot on it", "Perfect Fit so love them, very nice sneaker wedge. Thumbs Up will purchase again. Package arrive very quickly.  Once again I'm so I'm love with this shoe.", "Im a huge jordan fan and it was great it was %100 authentic and it was great but the price", "Bought these for my boyfriend as a gift and I must say he absolutely loves them. He is a huge Jordan fan and I was a little hesitant to purchase these shoes online for fear that it would not be authentic but he can spot fake from far and these shoes are genuine so I am happy that he is pleased", "Thanks for the shoes they fit perfectly. They were exactly right like the picture you put on thanks just what I want !!!", "These shoes have the Nike Free 5.0 low sole, and it is the perfect barefoot feeling. They are extremely different from other Nike shoes, and the woven design is absolutely no gimmick. They fit really smug on my feet, feel like they weight nothing and are extremely comfortable to walk on. I payed $2oo for my pair, and they are worth every penny.One problem though, they may run a bit small on the size, so I highly recommend you try-fit them in a real store before ordering..", "I purchased it for my son and he loved it and it looks &#34;cool&#34;.  I thought colors were to bright but he didn't and that'sall that matters!", "Awesome so comfortable oh they are so comfortable  get them a lot of pading and  good grip strap won't break easy", "Ordered a size 10 and they fit way too narrow, very disappointed. I will be returning these Air Max as soon as possible.", "These are so great except for one thing: i found the back dug into my ankle the first few runs.  What I liked is how light they are, and the color has gotten me a lot of compliments.  Also pairs with nike+.", "My son loves this shoes. It's very different and can be worn with khakis or jeans. Fits perfect to size.", "My 11 year old son just loves the shoes!!!!  AWESOME!!!!  Great Birthday gift.  Great fit!  Go Gators!!!  Very Happy with purchase&#34;", "Love them an great custemer sevice.colors vivided wear them all the time.Thank you.for fine product no issues no what ever.", "Sweet shoe, sweet colors. Love these. Running in these ae are a dream. Keep these exclusive colors coming please and yhank you.", "I have another pair and they fit the same. BTW I love theses shoes best shoes I have besides my Pradas.", "I'm a motorcyclist and the look I see, from other motorist when I'm wearing my Nike Air Max Lebron X Low's changing gears let me know I'm being seen they just look GREAT !!!!!!", "I bought these expecting them to be a shoe to wear to the gym but as comfortable as they are I want to wear them all the time.", "The looks amazing color is nice they really stand  out but be careful they fit really small so go a size larger than what you wear", "We like the shoe. It came quick and fits well. The crimson color is much closer to orange than red but we like it.", "Looked great but too small. May run on the small side. Think about buying a size up or wearing without socks.", "less comfortable than i thought considering it is a basketball shoe. they do run a bit small. the size 10 is snug", "This is the second pair of these shoes we have purchased for our grandson.  He is 13 and loves the color, the comfort and durability.  They have lasted a year and that is a long time considering how much he has worn them.  They were not available in stores so we were so glad to have found a pair here.", "I like the color... I like the fit and support... It's light and comfortable...I love everything about it... It's one of the best gift for myself.", "Very confortable. A little tight on the sides but nothing unbearable. Bought the yellow ones.  They look even better than the picture. Very satisfied.", "They are great sneakers but a tad small in the Inside. Next time I will get a size bigger. Thanks", "The shoes are great! My son is thrilled with them. They arrived very quickly in the mail. They fit perfectly. 5 stars for this purchase.", "I bought these for my son for his birthday, he seen them on Amazon and all I heard was I want the Lebrons, I will say he has had them for a couple of weeks now and wears them constantly, he loves them. He says they are very comfortable, fit well and all his friends like them as well. I have a very happy 14 year old. I checked them out myself and will say that they are well made and will be durable, the quality is definitely there, I would recommend as they are stylish and are of good quality.", "Just what I expected, they are very comfortable to use it every day and for playing tennis they are great. The green color is great, it gives a nice touch. I highly recommend them.", "The shoes fit me perfectly. I play quite a lot of Tennis and I have been using this pair for about a 8 months now without any issues at all.", "Shoe fits great and is everything I expected. Came shipped as expected and on time. Shoe size is also very accurate and width fits as well.", "The shoes are an excellent fit...true to size.  As most Nikes, they are very well made.  The colors are bright and look good.", "I normally would have gotten a size 7 but after reading the reviews that they run small I decided to go with a size 7.5.  They fit perfectly!", "Stiff surprisingly.  Thought one of the colors was gray but is taupe and black .  Goes with everything. Like them", "I love these sneakers and received them in 3 days perfect condition just as I expected . I feel very sexy with them on :/)", "9/1/2  is like a 10 we did not understand that but nice shoes will buy this again I will recommend This shoes to everyone", "I am glad that there are companies that make something that goes a little bit farther...I want to preserve these rich man's shoes...Eventually I will wear them out with a variety of extreme workouts...I hope that Nike continues to pay these shoe engineers to design shoes that, I believe, will extend my life.  Many thanks...They go beautifully with light colored casual outfits...John Bendheim, M.D. of Verbank, NY", "These Shoes are very Comfortable,Right out of the box,made from Suede,Shoe are very soft,Nice thick insole,that gives your feet the cushion it needs,there not running shoes,but every day casual shoes,even if your on your feet all day,these will keep them from hurting.....def would buy another pair", "I was a little disappointed in the time it took me to receive this purchase, but satisfied with their function.  I was surprised to see the color wasn't exactly what I expected.  From the picture I thought the main part of the shoe was a light grey or barely off white color.  I was mistaken.  It's actually a very light green.  Almost like a bluish green.  It's not ugly, actually very unique and the color of the nike check and shoelaces complete the color nicely, but I was still taken off guard to see that color as the main color of the shoe when opening the box.  At first I didn't think I would like the shoe because of that, but after trying it on and wearing the shoes around a little bit the color did grow on me.  The shoe is clearly comfortable, flexible, and functions well just as all Nike Free Runs I have ever owned do.  I thoroughly enjoy the comfort, feel, and action of Nike Free Run shoes and have only purchased those styles for the last year or so because of their comfort, durability, and functionality.", "The shoe looks good and and fits great. The shoes are very light and provides great support. Will definitely buy another pair.", "This product doesn t bright crimson. This shirt is pepper color. I dont like this shirt. The color this shirt in amazon site no is the same of the shirt", "I took this on a week long hike, and wore it while itwas raining out. I stayed warm and somewhat dry while most of  the day there were constant drops of water hitting my shoulders and back. I wore it during some of cooler dry nights and it was never damp or smelled funky(it dries really quick). didnt keep me too warm either. it is a liiiiiiiiiiitlle bit itchy if its your base layer but not super noticable. the thumbhole feel really comfortable and keep cold air from getting in the sleeves. I highly recommend  this shirt if yiu can get a good deal on it. i happened to come across it new on ebay for $28 bucks. it usually retails for $50-$80. and you can get a good full merino wool blend for that much, which i would rather do.only con and reason i give it 4 stars is because of the price, but what do you expect from nike.", "I chose this item because I like the Nike brand. but I only gave it 3 stars because it doesn't have any zippers on the pockets and when I was running, my cell phone fell out.", "This are very nice, fit perfectly, and are comfortable they look nice also, my son is very happy. Thank you", "bought this for my boyfriend to play cricket. he loooves it. its fits perfect and he says it's very light.he gets a lot of compliments on it, everyone wants a pair 2.cant ever go wrong with Nike....just do it", "This shoes are awesome !!! Very well made and comfortable , I'm so happy with this purchase especially that they cost me only $200. So happy:)", "Very uncomfortable shoes, wore 1 day and gave them away ! I was really surprised but they did look cool!", "Great shoes! I see why the post were so positive about these. I haven't officially worn them out yet, but tried them on and very comfortable shoes. Look great and look forward to wearing them more. Might order pair! Good luck.", "They came earlier than expected which is a plus. No damage was done to the box, size was true to fit and they might take a while to break in unless you wear them everyday  but no complaints.", "Love it. Reduce foot pain after excecise. Look great too. My favorite. Enjoy this shoe with excecise and random walking", "there very colorful and stands out in a big way... would def go with the color... got many compliments  on the kicks", "Love the shoe! Definitely a great purchase. The shoe fits to your foot well, giving support. I thought when I initially purchased the shoe, that I would have a hard time wearing it since I wear ankle braces. The shoe remains comfortable even with the braces on, so don't feel discouraged if you have the same worries. Overall, I would recommend this shoe to anyone looking for a quality basketball shoe.", "Looks a very nive prodNow is time to ask for a running snickers asap Yeah!!!!Victor Solano Costa Rica", "These are good shoes, however, I got them for sixty bucks at a nike outlet. Save money and do not purchase via Amazon. Other than that the shoes are fine. Fit nice and feel good. I would not wear them to hoop but who would?", "Size was way too small.  Order 1 size bigger and you should be all set.  Other than that, they look nice.", "However, the item is not BLACK based on description. The item is very comfortable but the bottom of the shows feels like a slipper and may be easily worn if worn too often. Would recommend for light use but my GOD its fits my foot like a condomn", "loved the idea", "I really feel a size bigger would be too big. I'm comfortable with it. I love the style and so does my wife.", "The shoes came small when i ordered the size super big and they dont look like how they showed it to be its made of cheap fabric and very flimsy", "I've owned 2 pairs of these now. One was a different style but these are much more &#34;fancy&#34; looking. These can be an everyday shoe or something a little more dresser if you keep them nice. There very light-weight so if that's what you want 5/5. They are a bit snug but most Nike's are. I love not wearing shoes but when i have to, these are the go too! Very minimal and feels great. Highly recommend these shoes. Lots of complimentsSide-note-Color's listed by amazon are very miss leading.", "I buy Nike normally, but this requires to buy it one size bigger.VERY comfortable tho.Nice for warmer weather.", "Love them but last year I bought the same shoes at a local shoe store for $20.00 so not real impressed with the cost!", "Way too small.  Will go up a size  otherwise look cool returned to store. Try again n future. Nike becoming inconsistent", "Great shoe...good looking and comfortable. They run unusually small and narrow, so at least one if not two sizes larger than normal would work. maybe a little more expensive than I would've paid in a store.", "Comfortable ,but slightly tight if you have wide feet like I do. I would buy another pair if it was slightly wider.", "As all other reviews state, buy one size bigger as they do run small. Other than that, they were as expected.", "My Own fault, I wear more of an 11.5 - and the 11 size is a bit small for me.  But very comfortable and well made.", "I wear a 12 and it fit nicely. I love em. Get one size bigger. Comfey and cozy shoes to lounge in.", "How do I take them back? I've been trying for a week and no responses. Please let me know thanks.", "great shoe, much more comfortable than Sanuks!! lightweight! I don't golf but I love these shoes and recieved many compliments on them!!", "I have bought 2 nike shoes already and I think that the 10 size is smaller than another shoes that I bought before in a not virtual store", "i've had a pair of nike ever sence i can remember. these black & whites are one of the hottest i've ever had, rite up there with my first pair of jordons.", "I bought these for my son and he absaloutly loves them, color and all.He really likes the fact that they are not the mesh type", "A great tennis shoe very comfortable , my feet feel great no more pain, I work at a office all day, in the evenings I run a gym, from 4pm until 8 pm, so you can see why , I rate these shoes so high, very well padded!!!!", "These shoes are amazing. The linen exterior is super soft and I love the hologram accent. These shoes are definitely one of a kind and so comfortable. I would recommend these to anyone.", "So comfortable and the hologram looks awesome. Get lots of compliments when I wear these. They are a little tight to slide on, but totally fine once your foot is in. I normally wear an 8.5 but got these in a 9 and they fit perfectly", "I love the shirt. Are you going to sale more of this product in the future. And do you have any different colors", "Since bein seen in these I feel like I brought back the One's for my town,  AIR F ONES to be exact! These r hot & get attention yards away. Look, get You a nice sexy pair of jeans, and matching shirt an watch and you can't lose. Might I suggest a Nike shirt with the same royal-ish blue and ya good!", "A little wide at the toe and forefoot and the air bubble is deceiving. Shoes are not comfortable.  Don't play in them.", "I love the slides! Exactly like the pictures shown on the site. It's hard to find an online service that delivery  with quality butthis one is great. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone!!", "Shoes were a little pricey but I guess that was to be expected.  Very comfortable and nice looking.  Pretty colorful.", "When I paired this purchase with a new pair of socks - my run feels like it is on clouds", "These shoes are great. I like shoes with a simple color design and these are not only comfy, but sharp to look at.", "I love everything about these cleats. I got these for my adult flag football league and I couldn't be happier with how they perform and how they look.", "perfect For Off Season training, Very Light And Comfortable For Speed. We Will Definitely Order Another Pair In The fall", "hard to find , great wearing boots for our job as roofers , we have bought 5 pair but they do last quite a while .", "this is a very nice pare of shoes , my regular size in nike is 40.5, i ordered 41 its a little bit larger as i expected. there are great ,the color is a little bit more purple and there are comfortable off cource!!the only negative is that the delivery late !!", "I really like these shoes, they are comfortable and really cute.  They are sleek, without being minimalist; they are fully supportive running shoes.  However, the back comes up a little high and is uncomfortable on the back of my heel after extended wear.  I've only worn them a few times and did not have any problems during a work out or run, only after, and even then there is much less discomfort now then the first time I wore them, so I think they will be fine after awhile.  Also I have owned Nike running shoes my whole life and also some cross trainers and I always wear the same size, always.  These seemed a little snug when they came in and my toe was close to the front.  The second time I worked out in them they seemed to loosen up a bit and when I ran in them after that they were fine.  However if I had not bought them online I would have gone a half size up.  They still seem snug compared to my other nikes.  Also the top part of the shoe that is white is actually see through.  I didn't realize it until I put them on with my neon socks and could see the stripes from my socks through the top of my shoe.  I don't mind it, I actually like the neon yellow socks with the neon yellow part of the shoe.  It's actually kind of nice to be able to see the socks that I bought because they had cute colors, especially since the shoes themselves are not colorful!Overall I really like them and would recommend this shoe.  (Other review have mentioned the fabric ripping, if I experience this I will definitely update this review.)", "These shoes are really comfortable, have held up pretty well. I wear them all the time for coaching, and have worn them to run a couple of miles with the students. Good shoe.", ".This is one of the most comfortable shoes u can buy it feels as if I'm not walking with shoes on but a very comfortable pad under my feet when I'm walking", "The Nike Air Zoom Super Bad 3 D, is a great Football shoes. But, i do not play the game, so listen to the guys that play the game and hear what they said in their nike review. So fallow the Link to some great reviews. [...]", "Ok I just need to say this&#8230; if this is from FCB, I am Lionel Messi. Come on! This is unbelievable, seriously.", "It looks a little longer in the photo than in reality. Really shows a little too much leg for my comfort. Nice material and good fit...just needed an inch more and I would feel more comfortable wearing. I kept it, but often prefer my other skirts if they are clean.", "These are the first pair of Nike's I have owned in some time and I am very happy with them.  They are a great looking shoe and they are very versatile in terms of what you can wear with them.  I wear a size 12 and they fit perfectly. The only cons I can think of is that they are surprisingly stiff (which makes wonder if they are a knockoff and the only reason I am giving 4 stars, although I could be wrong) and that the white part of the shoe is a material that won't be easy to clean if they are to get scuffed.  Either way, I love the color scheme and have already received tons of compliments on them.  If you are a shoe enthusiast such as myself then these are a must have.  They are super fresh!!", "I love these shoes for a casual day shopping or brunching/lunching on the weekendsThey are surprisingly comfortable but the laces are kind of hard to do at the ankle but that should be easier once they are worn in but easily replaceableThese were a steal for a classic look I would definitely recommend this", "I just want to know if they are fake and if they are real jordans cause I don't want to purchase them nd there ffake", "I LOVE, I LOVE, I LOVE THAT'S ALL I CAN SAY.  TRY THEM. ABSOLUTELY BUY THEM YOU WILL LOVE THEM.", "This shoe is hard to find where I live so I'm very happy I was able to purchase and the size fits perfectly.", "I am very pleased with the air jordan 5 (GS) grapes, that I bought for my son. They fit hhim great and he loves them. Thank you..", "All da ladies be noticing my feet now, I glide the p'ment. Some even call me Ken now...I'm so lucky.", "After looking in the stores with no success for weeks, I told my husband we can just order these online. He is a size 11 and buying them online in that size was the only way we found them. He says they fit different from a regular show and are heavy but he wears them almost every day. He also said that these are definitely shoes you do not want to work out in.", "i LOVE THE SHOES BUT THEY ARE TOO SMALL AND OF COURSE THE NEXT SIZE WAS NO LONGER AVAILABLE...BUMMER SO SAD", "These shoes were very good item to buy and the price wasn't to bad shipping was great and overall I was happy with the purchase....", "I've had these over a year now. Still holding up. A daily wear shoe. Fit comfortable right out of the box. Love them.", "My son loves these shoes and the stains wipe right off! Especially when you're buying white shoes for a 7 yr old boy", "Nice color ,nice fit nice brand what else can i say i like like like like it and it durable", "nike are usually a bit smaller than other brands, which is why I ordered 1/2 size larger. but in this case I should have ordered my usual size.", "Thank you for bring back this design.I have been looking for a pair of the 180s since my original pair in the 90s.Love them.  Actually bought two pairs.", "Product shipped quickly from retailer and when I got them I was amazed at how much better they looked in person.  Just put them on this weekend and the compliments came from young and old admirers of the shoes.  PRICELESS!!!!!!!!", "The color and the material is perfect. Like it so much, even if it's a little bit tight when first worn.", "Love these kicks. Get compliments everywhere I go. They alsob put together quite well, not the most comfortable shoes though.", "This product is very good. I bought them for my brother and he was very pleased. I chose this rating because it satisfied my brother so much, he didn't take them off for 3 days. I recommend this product to all guys who wants sports socks.", "My son is very happy with his new Nike tennis!, and he use them to go out with hi friends.", "Love this shoes, I will buy them again in diferent colors. You have to try them they are the best.", "We loves the cleats. I love watching him play! With pads and cleats, watch them play one of theAllMy son loves these clesa", "these shoes fit good, leather in the inside, the only problem I have is the sail color the bottom sole is like a cream color but you almost cant tell the difference in some light! Will be buying the red pair", "Fits true to size, very comfortable. I have several pairs in different colors of the suede material as I find them to be the most comfortable of the Nike Air force range", "I was really disappointed the product was good quality but it wasn't a good fit. I had to find a different present.", "My 3 year old nephew can put these on himself.  These shoes are GREAT.  I highly recommend them. I will definitely buy them again.", "I both these as a gift for my grandson, so my review is based on how much he likes them - and he likes them a lot. Fit was exactly as they should have been, shoe looks and feels well built. That bright read look would probably not work for me, but they look great on him.5 stars for Amazon. Great price, great shipping.", "Cool shoes for boys, nice color, beautiful design and very good quality. My son liked so much. I recommend 100%", "This is our 2nd pair, just in a different color of the Nike Junior Mercurial shoes....my son loves these shoes!  It's a style thing and competitive sports thing, but he loves the crazy colors and the Nikes are so well made!", "my son loved these shoes and they are so bright you need to wear shades to look at them!  He wears them every day, not just soccer", "I had all whites as a kid and loved them - there are a still as great as they every were!", "These shoes are always a classic.  Have to have a pair of these in your closet. These are a must. You can always look so fresh and so clean with a pair of crisp white Nike 1s.  They are never a dissapointment.", "It is very comfertable and stylish i love these shoes so much and I'm glad I got them.i injoy them alot", "Great fit and great colour my son loves it. I will recommend this to any one it colour looks better in person", "These shoes are adorable, got a pair for myself and my sister; everyone keeps asking where they were purchased, the color is even better in person. Great purchase!", "I got these for my Nephews birthday, they are even cuter in person!  Cant wait for baseball season so he can wear them with pride :)", "The quality of the shoe is poor. I will be sending the shoe back for a full refund. Will not reorder.", "Shoe feels and fits good just the pair I received has defects but from other pair of one shots I've skated they were great!", "Had to return them cause the wrong color description,  really cool shoes just pink and too small a size bae", "Excellent throwback sneakers love them if your looking for a good workout & training sneaker these are it . Comfortable an durable", "Best shoes for summer. Wish they were still among them. Not good for walking in sand because of the mess", "Love them they are so comfortable. Couldn't be happier withem and the color of the shoes. Made it on Time as promised.", "Great shoes. Love the color. They are very comfortable. I feel like my food has some soft support and I love wearing them around since I have blue eyes.", "My usual size is 7.5, however these sneakers are a bit snug. I am trying them out today for the first time. My toes get occassionally numb. Hoping these are the type of sneakers you must wear in. Love the color though.", "Great, stylish and comfortable shoe! It fit and the color in the photo matched the actual tone of the shoe.", "I ordered these on the recommendation of my Egoscue instructor, and couldn't be happier. They support the foot, but you don't even realize you have shoes on! Many kudos to Nike, my feet are so very happy!!", "Shoes arrived in time and are exactly as pictured online. I received a lot of compliments for the burst of colors (purple and bright blue is a great combination). Even though they don't provide enough support, these shoes are super light and easy to run in. True to size.", "I like it and fit as expected and I like the colour and comfortableThis is the first time I brought nike but not the last", "The shoes are super light weight. The color is not what is advertised. The color was different when it arrived. I don't recommend the person whom I purchased it from because returns are difficult and shoe is overpriced. After I paid for it, I noticed other sellers who were selling them for much cheaper but the seller wouldn't refund and adjust price. Therefore, shop around for the price and expect shoes to be a little different in color. One good thing is that it is super light so it doesn't feel heavy at all and it doesn't feel like you're wearing running shoes.", "Good walking shoe for me.  Arrived quickly and was color shown.Very comfortable.  I have three pairs in this style now.", "These are the most comfortable runners that I have purchase so farGreat for all classes or runningEveryone wants to buy them from me  :))))", "notice I said good not great, loved the color.But still, some times bit clunky and heavy at the front- makes it hard to get off the ground.Especially after 4 Games of pick up", "I cannot wait to find these in different colors. These sneakers are so nice with jeans, shorts and sweats. They are super comfortable too.", "They look and feel great. Look even better in person. I am very satisfied with my order. I even want to get the other colors as well.", "Son loves it and seems to hold up well as material goes. I don't see anyone going wrong for a good gym or overnight bag.", "great bag and very convenient.  i use it for the gym.  i like how it has 3 separate compartments and easy to wear", "Nice.  Well made.  But a bit small with not much potential for expanding out to hold that one extra thing.", "The zipper pocket is nice.  One more small zipper pocket would be ideal.  I would recommend the bag for gym use.", "Any legit runners will tell you that Nike shoes are not the way to go. They will last maybe 2-3 months if you actually use them for running. Stick to wearing them for fashion. Nothing matches Nike for that.", "The sneakers don&#34;t have the same color as the picture. After that everything is good, good quality, right zize, its ok", "Great shoe for running or if you have a full day of walking planned.  Well built shoe and will last a long time.", "Have other Max Air and since I've wanted Red, and the price was right thought I'd take advantage of the deal.  But after a lengthy wear of 3 hours I found the heel to be a bit painful.  Nothing unbearable so I'll just select when and where to wear them like I do with all foot wear.", "Loving these sneakers! Purchased for work and standing all day in a warehouse makes it easy.....very comfortable and cheap for air max lol", "It was what I expected, they are very comfortable to exercise, you can not feel that you're wearing! Good choice...", "My husband received many compliments on his shoes the first day he wore them to work!  He says that they fit great and he likes the way they look.", "I received the item as promised and the fit is true to size. The shoe is very light and comfortable.", "THE Nike Men's Air Max Run Lite 5 Gym Red/Blk/Pr Pltnm/Lt Crmsn Running Shoe...WELL, NOTHING WRONG WITH THE SHOE  - WHAT IS WRONG IS THE GAME PLAYING THAT GOES ON WITH THE PRICING FROM THIS SAME COMPANY - ONE DAY IT IS FREE SHIPPING - THE NEXT DAY OR SO YOU AY ONLY BUY THE SAME SHOE IF YOU PAY 8.95 TO SHIP - I SUPPOSE WHAT I AM TRYING TO SAY IS THAT  ALL I WANT TO DO IS ORDER AN EXTRA PAIR BUT I HAVE NOT. WHY? BECAUSE OF THESE GAMES. R.D.A.", "A little too narrow. It's easier and much better to try it on in person. In the future I will go to the store when it comes to shoes.", "The shoes really hug my feet and give good cushion and support. I stopped short of a perfect score since I will need more time to wear them. So far so good though.", "The shoes were too large, though I usually wear a 10 running shoe.  I returned them for a 9 1/2.  They came today, fit perfectly.  Heading out for a run.", "Great sneaks , light, comfortable, sharp looking, and for the price you wont be disappointed. And they are definitely black in color not green. Thanks", "Someone said they were dark green, negative! Mine were black white charcoal and silver. Get your eyes checked or review your order first next time. I like these shoes so far", "Perfect fit, excellent grip and surface response, liked it so much I ordered another pair a week later.Great for power walking and running.", "I needed a new pair of sneakers for gym (Treadmill, elliptical, weights, etc). These fit the bill. They are very comfortable and light. I didn't give them 5 stars because I have an issue with my &#34;ring toe&#34; on my right foot and it is a little uncomfortable. I am 99% certain that this IS NOT because of the shoe (it happens almost all of the time), but it's slightly aggravating nonetheless. I strongly recommend for comfort and price.", "Shoes are awesome.Goes with anything .Make your friends envy you lol.No you don't want that lol.Ok you do .", "I just bought these and they are extremely comfortable. The fit is great, and they look cool too.The grip on rugged terrain is excellent. I recommend these to any trail runner. Great buy.", "These shoes look great and feel great. The tread life is what gives this shoe a low rating. I wore these once for a 4 mile run on a treadmill and the soles had significant wear. I couldn't imagine what they would look like after a couple of weeks of road running. Very disappointing.", "Know what you are ordering. These are Nike Lite racing shoes. The guy that gave them 2 stars for &#34;showing wear on the sole after one run&#34;. These are not their standard running shoe for daily training - like the Nike Air Pegasus. These are race day shoes. I would wear there for road races only, but train in standard running shoes. The difference in the fit, feel, and weight is noticeable. That said, I like these but should have ordered standard running shoes (perhaps I do better research next time I order online huh?)", "I liked the fit... Still in the early stages of use. And it's very light, so I like it for running", "I was looking for the nike free model and came across these ones. I like them, specially they are not as bulky, and they look nice. They fit perfectly and are very light which I love. I use them for long walks, not for running. The sole is less cushioned than the nike free 3 that I have, so maybe it doesn't give as much support if you use them for running.", "This is my 2nd pair.  I have issues with plantar fasciitis and these shoes are a pretty good support for my arches.  At first I thought they were kind of ugly, but they grew on me and I love them now.", "Great shoes,Very comfortable and I love the colors!! They tongue is pretty thin but feels strong when you tug and adjust it.", "Really light and comfortable. I run short distances a couple of times a week and feel very supported in these shoes.", "the 7.5(M) is actually very narrow  also the inside tongue of shoe has a very very thick seam you can feel on top of your footuncomfortable and bothersome", "I needed a new pair of shoes to go hiking and running. This was the perfect shoe because it provides enough padding so it feels like I'm walking on large pillows, but also isn't too chunky. The fit is a little snug (width-wise), but it's true to size. I previously had a few other Nikes, pumas, Adidas, and even the Reebok Realflex. I prefer this shoe over all the others, and would purchase it again (if I ever needed to) - but it looks like I'll have this pair for quite some time.", "Those sneakers are phenomenal. It was love at first site. They are beautiful, comfortable and stylish. They are the best I have owned so far.", "This is light weight, comfort and style all in one!! Love these sneakers!! Receiving tons of compliments in PE!! Thank you!!", "Very cute shoe.  Ordered for my teenaged daughter for track.  Considering ordering me a pair.  I love the color. Daughter was happy with shoes.", "l have been looking for a nike show with a green stripe for a very long time. When I saw this super cute pink and green , I had to go for it. Nike is my shoe of choice. Order true to size. I went up 1/2 a size and they are a little big.", "Light weight, work great for just starting out as a beginner runner.  Nike is always a good brand.  Love em`", "These shoes are so cute, loved the colors BUT I had to return them as there is absolutely no arch support ! The inside is flat as a pancake . Impossible to run with this shoe .", "Great shoes, first running shoes I love!Quick shipping and very cute shoes. Make my feet look slender and small which I love!", "first of all..i love the color of the shoe!..its amazing..for the price it's really a good buy!!Although it appears to be cheaply made, its really durable so far", "These shoes are great for show. I don't recommend them for working out or running. They have this weird arch bubble which hurts my feet.", "Super fast shipping. I love these shoes. Cute color and very comfortable. I even bought a second pair of these shoes in the grey, orange and pink!", "Shoes are a little wide in the middle of the shoe-even with shoe laces tied tight, however, they are very comfortable. Wore them all day at Disney and had no pain in my feet at all!", "These are the bees knees!  Fit is perfect, Very comfortable.  Bright colors, and I get compliments on them regularly.  I purchaseda pair of hot pink and neon lime laces, and they look terrific .  A+ recommendation  Cheryl", "to any one who is a size 10 a 10and a half would be a better fit with sockover all i love them the colours are true to life", "I bought these as my gym shoes but they are so comfortable I ended up wearing them all the time. Great fit, super comfortable, and they have held up great! Super fast shipping! will definitely buy again.", "Usually I'm size 8.5 but I ordered size 8 and it fits perfect. i would recommend it to order half size smaller.", "Great grip on turf and control over the ball No. 4. Nice control under the No. 4 ball. Great fit, as expected. Pretty cool colors.", "I like it as fitting my needs. this is what i was looking for since ages.I recommed to every one looking for shoes that help to improve her/his soccer skills,", "These cleats are well designed and provide great comfort. It is a great product; quality at a very reasonable price.", "These are nice.  I have the older version, and needed a new pair.  They have a nice footbed, softer than most, and the tread/soles are great.  However, I found the toe box is small, and tight.  Might have stretched a little, but too small for me.  I have narrow foot through the upper laces, but wide at the toes.I returned mine, but would recommend others to try them on.", "This review is based on my past experience with Nike soccer shoes. I've always worn a 7.5 mens shoe, and these were unbearably tight. I tried them for a few matches, but they didn't stretch at all. Disappointed!", "I have other nike soccer shoes (indoor) that were a size 10 and fit well, these were too small when they arrived.  Everything else appeared to be as advertised--I am exchanging them for a 1/2 size larger.", "I wear a solid 11 in all other Nike's, but these were a bit long for a size 11, which is odd for Nike Soccer shoes. just a warning.", "fits great, feels great, id buy this brand and style again. I love Nike and for indoor soccer these shoes are awesome", "i like the look, but it is little tight on my toes. other than that looks good and does the job.", "It was a little tight;but I hope it will fit more comfortably as I wear it more. Other than that, it looks nice", "Great bag for the gym. I'm 5'10 and the bag is perfect for me. Shoes, pants, and everything else fits in there", "What a great duffel bag.  Not only is it aesthetically appealing, it also does its job quite well.  It is a nice mid-sized bag with multiple compartments.  The main midsection is vast and holds quite a lot.  It holds my laundry bag, shoes, clothes, and much more.  I use one of the side compartments for my deodorants, perfumes, lotions, soap, and the other for my weightlifting straps.  The bag feels durable and travels quite well.  It has the ability to get skinny when stuffing in a smaller locker.  Overall, a great bag which is pretty cool.  I would definitely recommend it to any interested.", "It was perfect size! Tons of room on the inside! Exactly what my husband was looking for! Will buy again!", "its nice and i use it a lot. the side zipper already broke and the bag is really flimsy unlike the picture would depict.", "Great feel great look very satisfied I will proceed and continue to rock them right yes in deed thanks amazon", "These air max 95's are simply awesome...Love the colorway and they fit like they should ... what more can i say?", "I am a big fan of bright colors and glow in the dark items. So when I was looking for a shoe that glows, it took me months. Then I saw these.... OMG! AWESOME!", "WOW!!! Get people looking and complementing every time I wear these. Buy a half size smaller than you normally wear.", "The reason that I give this product 3 stars is because it the color was a lot darker than represented by the picture and description of it. I was looking specifically for red pants and these are more on the burgandy side, however, they fit perfectly and are of great quality.", "Once again All the ladies like to ask where I get my kicks from I simply say amazon today's my birthday but I'm partying tomorrow so I'll definitely be rocking these", "My nephew loved these....he is a NY knicks fan and these matched perfectly with that teams colors!!! For the price I thought they may have lasted longer but then again he is 12 so that could have played a big part in that. He wore them for EVERYTHING!!! lol", "grandson loved them wore them to  school the first day even tho it was cold size was just right for average  7 year old boy", "I have other nike compression shorts but for some reason these make me look/feel better than the others. It also came really quickly. They definitely exceeded my expectations.", "Shorts came on time and just as described. Good quality and the fit is a little bit smaller than the other Nike Pro shorts I have odered which is fine. Still a good fit. I have two teenage daughters that are HS Varsity Cheerleaders and the love their Nike Pro shorts for cheer practice and gymnastic classes.", "Love these shorts. They don't ride up and they fit perfectly and don't hug too tight. Feels good to move in them without getting a wedgy.", "I bought this for my 16 year old Granddaughter. I couldn't find the size &#34;Small&#34; anywhere.  I was told that when they come into the store, that size flys off the shelf. So, I had to get them online. She is a cheerleader and wears these to practice her gymnastic stunts. She says they are very comfortable.", "Perfect to wear under my tennis skirt with matching Atomic Orange top.  It's our team color this summer. I bought the matching visor too.", "This was EXACTLY what I was expecting! I received the Nike brand Messi jersey with tags to prove its authenticity. Almost every negative review was proven wrong in my experience. I am a medium, ordered a medium, and fit exactly like a medium should, so the comment of size being wrong is incorrect for my order. The quality is as good as it's going to get, it is made with Nike's dri-fit technology and the logos (other than Qatar Airways) are all embroidered. HIGHLY recommend this product as it is an AWESOME price!", "I was very excited to get this jersey, but by the moment I received I could tell it was not the authentic jersey, there are few details that show that is a fake one:-Breathing holes inside jersey supposed to have a blue rubber around them, this jersey has color white rubber and after one wash is falling.- The sponsor logo is sticky also the name and number- According to nike, this jersey runs smaller, this is not the caseBeing 100% fan of the club I am not happy at all with this product.", "Fantastic shoes, would have bought two pairs if they had the next size up! Will definitely be looking for these in future.", "BOUGHT THESE SHOES AND THEY SEEM VERY TIGHT, AND ROUGH, TOO STIFF NOT SOFT INSIDES AT ALL, WOULDNT BUY EM AGAIN.. MAYBE ITS THE STYLE, ALSO THE SHOE LACES UNDO VERY EASY AND ITS VERY INCONVENIENT.", "This individual chose this rating because these particular pair of shoes are very light. Therefore, this pair of NIKE shoes was a gift for one's father and he really loves them and has gotten many positive comments about these pair of NIKE shoes.", "They were surprisingly comfortable compared to most basketball shoes. They were bendable and still had some support too. The laces wore out a little by the end of the season", "Shoes look a lot better in person. Perfect size and came with blue laces as well. Very sharp shoes get a lot of compliments on them.", "Great pair of sneakers with the colors just like the picture,  feel like regular air forces, causal wear Def uncommon", "I think these things are great, but it would be better if I got the right size! A must have in my opinion.", "Not sure if it's the brand or the seller. Tried this pair at the store, had no problem. Bought them for over $100. Wore for 10 mins, my ankles are all red. I'm now stuck with this pair. My $100 wasted. Very disappointed.", "I love these shoes. ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS. They fit great & just look stunning on your feet. I would also like to say that they was super super easy. I (stupidly) put on my shoes right after getting them to go visit some of my friends who were fishing. The short story is that one of my shoes ended up muddy & I wanted to cry, I thought they would be ruined. But with water and soap, the dirt came right off all over the shoe. AMAZING. not only do they look gorgeous now, but they will probably look gorgeous for a long time after with the proper care. I will definitely be getting the blue pair once I have the money!!", "Love these runners, received them to-day and will be wearing them tomorrow for Pump Class. My instructor will be so jealous :)", "My boyfriend loves them but there is a indent in one of the shoes but not the other ! !", "Adorable! I love these shoes and they got here when expected. Lighter weight than I thought so that was nice!", "These shoes are so pretty to look at but not very comfortable. They fit smaller than expected and are &#34;stiff&#34;. It took me a while to break them in which is different from most other basketball shoes I've had. Love the colors though!", "They are very comfortable and of good quality.  I would recommend them for anyone who is active.  A little high priced but they will last a long time so you get what you paid for.", "I love this comfort thong. With the way my feet are, it is hard to find sandals and flip flops that work with my fussy feet. I love the color combo and this is my third pair.", "These look great. The blue is vibrant and it almost looks like the green is glow in the dark. I'm pleased. They're soft and comfortable. The shipping was delayed which I was informed of. Very professional and I still got them on time. Worth the money.", "These are the most comfortable things EVER. They totally cradled you foot in all the right places.  Love these so much!", "I love the color but the shoe size is a little too big which causes some slippage in the heel.", "love these shoes. dirt is easily wiped off. light as paper.one problem. lack of real traction for an &#34;off-road type&#34; shoe.wear a 12./13 & 12's fit fine.", "Original model and fit as expected.I was surprise when realize that some parts glow in the dark. That's make this shoes very original.", "I ordered these in the recommended 1/2 size up for running shoes and feel like they fit like my regular 7 1/2, so I would for sure say these run on the smaller size. Also, they are a little annoying to put on since the laces don't actually loosen anything, they are more for looks, so it takes a bit to pull them on, but that may also have to do with the fact that they fit on the small side? The color is darling, I feel like they match a lot of my workout clothes, and I get lots of compliments on them. Would have given 5 stars if they didn't run on the small side but love them anyway.", "10.5 Nike usually fit me but these are a bit too perfect my feet rub quite a bit when walking for some distances.  Overall the trainers are great If they fitted me they would be very comfortable.", "If you don't like big backpacks this isn't the backpack for you. Personally I love this backpack! It has a pocket in the front that is insulated. My water once spilled in there and it didn't get all over the backpack and was easy to clean. It's also a good price considering my cousin got this backpack for $90! Great Product", "Bought this bag for my son and he loves it!  It's durable and has enough pockets for all his needs.", "This is a very nice and well made backpack. My grandson is a fan of the  Oaklahoma Thunders. This was added to his collection.", "My daughter loves this bag,she uses it for traveling with her AAU basketball team.it packs a lot and very sturdy.", "Extremely pleased with the product.  It is perfect for going to ballgames.  Ball...water..clothes and shoes all fit.  Easy to pack", "My grand daughter loves it , she is ready for a new one!!!!! She loves the Thunders - OKC Love", "I love the way the shoes look on and off. the laces or something hurts both the tops of my feet.  I am a bartender and on my feet all day. those f#####ng shoes killed my feet, but on top.  I still wear them but not to work. Even then they hurt my feet", "I bought these for walking shoes...spring is on the way and I wanted something to go walk the neighborhood in.  these are GREAT.  very comfy but also gives your calves a nice work out.  I could feel them start to burn sooner then usual. the fit is spot on", "I usually ware a size 8 in nike but these where way to big. Had to send them back.. will not order shoes online again.They do not pay for shipping and handling to be returned had to par 15$ to return them... But other then that they looked like prettyawesome shoes.", "They are a tad bit big, but not bad. I absolutely love the color and they are comfortable and casual! I have gotten so many compliments on them already! Great for Spring/Summer!", "This was a great fit for my size 10 foot.  Work out about three times a week and usually have some pain in my feet, but not with these Nike's.", "I like the shoe and did not return it.  It fits fairly well just a wee bit narrower than the last nike shoe I got.Light weight and comfortable.", "I love my Nike. Comfortable, airy, light. Running is perfect now. Thank you Nike and thank you Amazon for a great price.", "great shoe,light for walking,comfortable,and delivered on time.a definite great buy or just as a gift for that speacial someone.dont think twice", "The thread is coming alose on the shoe! Does not fit or feel like the real air max , not worth the money!", "This is the second Nike bag that I purchased for my son.  He uses this constantly and wore the first one out.  He loves these things.", "Bought a few of these as gym bags.  It's Nike quality, and what you would expect from the product.  Need I say more?", "Perfect track bag for my son. Super fast delivery! Nice shade of blue. Even has a mesh front so his track shoes won't stink up the inside!", "I love this bag its lightweight and can hold a lot for its size. I like the color of it.", "got one for my boss and one for my husband they love them but i have seen them use it?????", "Looks cool and holds more than it looks like. Shipping was pretty fast. I am such a nike fan so what more is there to say?", "I bought this bag thinking that I needed something that would be sturdy and do the trick to carrying my random stuff ie. keys, wallet, papers, etc. around. This was worth the money and works fantastic!!! If you need something light weight and reliable this is your bag", "Perfect sizeMesh on the bottom to air out, awesome!!!!!Works for the gym, when I run to work, when I ride my bike and for a make shift work bag!!!THANK YOU", "Great colors and fits as expected. After a while the shoe began to hurt, but Im assuming because its new.", "Very comfortable, excellent grip, light, and good support. My favorite show to play basketball in. I recommend to not use these outside due to the materials in it.", "These look just as awesome in person. Very happy with this purchase. Fit perfectly. Might pick up another pair cause there going to be worn a lot", "Used three times. Terrible blister on the heel every time because they dig in to the back of your foot so much. Trashed them.", "When I got it I really liked how it looked. I tried them on, and it fit almost perfectly! The only complaint I have is that the shoe laces were about 6-8 in. short. I barely had enough to tie them. But it had a lot of grip and felt good. Overall really good shoe! :)", "I already tried it at the store before I ordered it online.  It fits true to size!!  I highly recommend buying it.", "I have absolutely no complaints about these shoes. Perfect fit. Arrived the day before they were expected. Great quality. Great shoes. Totally worth what I paid for them.", "Very good. Exactly what i expected since i bought this shoe twice before. I would recommend it to anyone looking to play bball.", "Nice and well made shoes. it's all you can espect for Nike shoes. I just loved. I hope this review can help you.", "The sneakers are attractive and fits perfectly. I wore them on the basketball court and they really felt fantastic on my feet. I don't play much basketball but I wanted a quality pair sneakers so when I play, I don't have any issues with my feet.", "The product was exactly what i was expecting, i recommend this priduct, the lightness , the comfort is great !", "The material used where you put your foot into the shoe was not big enough so I couldn't get my foot in to see if the shoe actually fit.I liked the looks of the shoe.", "Great shoe for a very active 14 year old.  He runs and runs, and they're still going strong.  He's very hard on shoes, but thes have not only held their shape they've retained their bright color and clean up so nicely", "Amazing! These shoes are beyong comfortable, especially when I'm at the gym or just walking around. Not only comfortable but stylish. I love the cross padern and the colors I chose. All in all amazing pair of shoes!!", "I chose this rating because these shoes run small the size 13 works but a 12 1/2 would have been perfect.", "This is a great shoe.From the way it fits to the way it performs and specially how it looks. Does not fall short for nothing.", "It would have been an awesome pair of shoes if it weren't too narrow.  I normally wear size 10M and these were 10M but we're way too tight.  Nike doesn't seem to carry wide versions.", "I love the 3.0 free trainers. Only reason I wouldn't give them 5 stars is their price, but every prominent training shoe is the same. I have wide feet, and although these are snug, they flex and allow my foot plenty of room for running, squatting and olympic lifting. These seem to have slightly more side support than the previous version, but maybe they'll &#34;free&#34; up a little bit as I wear them in. More support is not exactly what I'm looking for in this shoe as I prefer the minimalist quality. Anyway if you have the cash to drop they are stylish and most of all comfortable for intense workouts. Wolf grey looks great too, next time I will get a more colorful pair.", "For your record, the 3.0 is not actually small but extremely tight fitting. I have some wiggle room in the toe box but my great toe is numb from compression on my nerves, and the heels are so tight that I am getting bruises on the back of my heels.I only wear these to walk around and at work and I developed these problems within days. I can only wear these with the insoles removed, which pretty much defeats the purpose of shoes.", "I didn't realize what the Nike numbering system meant.  Free 3.0 is close to the ground than Nike free 4.0 or 5.0.  The lower the number the less cushion you have under your feet.  So the insoles in the Free 3.0 are really thin and they do not offer all day comfort.  I had to put aftermarket insoles to make them more comfortable.  There is too much arch support also.  If Nike could carry the same look and design in Free 4.0 and Free 5.0 I would buy these in Free 5.0 for more cushion.  Unfortunately, I don't find any shoes that are as attractive as these in 4.0 or 5.0.", "This shoe is very tight on my toes.  I have the same issue of my large toe being numb from the compression.", "Though I liked the original zoom atteros better, saved $10 buying these. Quite fine. Fit is fine, they're very comfortable. Bought them for walking. After a few days breaking in, walked 2 miles yesterday--very good support.", "This pair of shoes are light and well balanced. The sole has plenty of cushion. The pair I got fit perfectly for me. This would be expected as this kind of shoes are supposed to be worn with thin socks (or without socks). I cannot comment how durable these are yet...", "I will be returning these shoes when I put them on they are tight on my feet even with adjusting the laces then when going from carpet to tile I almost fell from slipping .", "I love the color just they ran a little large for me.  The shoe itself is very comfortable.  I plan on getting another pair but in Red.", "I love this shoe in the Volt color. Feels great and so far holds up to me being a fatty. I like loud colors and this does the trick. I use it for everyday wear, not in the gym. extremely comfortable.", "Make sure to order a half size smaller than usual.  These run big. Nice bright color, with a comfortable fit.", "When this pair of volt/black Nikes arrived, I was a bit worried at first because of the brightness. However, I warmed up to the color and have received many compliments about them! They are certainly attention grabbing and have been described as a &#34;fun&#34; type of shoe. I think they'd make great shoes for anyone running during the night or when its dark out; these bad boys will shine quite brightly when light is flashed on them. The shoe itself fits very well and runs accurately to the size that is portrayed when ordering. Shoe width is average as expected and they fit comfortably.&#34;Don't stare directly at them or you'll go blind kid&#34;", "they fit nicely. finally a shoe that's wide enough. love the color. comfortable and light weight. The heel dug into my heels the first day I wore them but now it doesn't.", "I bought mine at a local store and compared to most Nike shoes these are not narrow. These are sharp and by far not cheap looking. I wear size 12 to 13 in most shoes and the 12 fits great. Perfect for every day use and very sporty looking. Very comfortable shoe and I would recommend these.", "I never ordered sneakers online before. I was always afraid they would not fit right. But the sneakers actually fit better than the sneakers that I bought at the store. They were perfect. I read all the reviews and took a shot and it worked out great. I think I'm going to buy another pair in a different color.", "Light weight and very comfortable. Made a little wider. Some brands are just to narrow for a medium width. So I really like the extra room. Thats why I purchased another pair", "These shoe have a good fit and they are very comfortable. They run true to size and respond very well.", "I love Nike it's a the top of the food chain for me, I like other brands but love nike", "Very comfortable, looks sweet, and we'll designed. Hopefully they last as long as the last pair st over a year of heavy usage", "I have really bad knees, so finding a training shoe that doesn't irritate my knee can be problematic for me. I usually have to end up buying arch insoles that take the pressure off the knee. However, these shoes fit well, and take the pressure off of my knee without buying special insoles. Easy to keep clean and lightweight.", "These are comfortable and lightweight. They look good and the shoe strings never get twisted unlike my new balance shoes.", "I looked around for a good week finding the best deals/running shoes. This are the perfect shoes if you do all types of training. If you're looking just to run, and that's it; these shoes aren't for you. They're good running shoes, don't get me wrong, but I would've gotten a little lighter had that been my goal. I lift, do cross fit, short agility drills, and run about 2-3 miles. Perfect shoes for just that.", "I am wearing this shoe for workouts and coaching.  Love it. Very comfortable and stable for working out and anywhere be it in the gym or knocking around.", "I like these shows a lot. They are comfortable, yet firm. They are also easy to clean. Would recommend them.", "This shoe fits and feels great. It's very light in weight and has cool stylish features. Love the color, so it's a little different from most running shoes.", "These shoes are EXTREMELY comfortable. They have great cushioning on the bottoms, and they provide excellent grip on just about anything, from concrete to grass. The great cushioning also absorbs a lot of impact when you jump off of something. There isn't much else to say about these shoes, and I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a nice running/sports shoe.", "Rhee Ali TeeA great shoe if you're an active walker or just getting back into running (or are a part-time) runner", "Wow, These are amazing shoes. I could wear these for the rest of my life, and die a happy man. They are so light, it's unbelievable. The cushion on the sole makes it feel like you're walking on air. The bottom of the shoe has hard patches of rubber on them, so when your foot lands on the ground, it feels solid, but the softer material that the rubber is attached to cushions your foot, so your foot doesn't get tired fast.", "In the last month , I've bought 3 pairs of cross - trainers mainly for classes like Zumba. This pair has been the overall best for this type of activity without buying a specific \"dance\" shoe.  There  is enough arch support.  Also, I really like the color combination.  If the sole had a small swivel pad then they would be perfect.  Despite not having this feature, I am still able to turn side to side very easily.", "I bought these shoes not knowing exactly what size to get. I already had  a pair of Nike free 5.0 and thought these would be exactly the same but they weren't.  even tho they weren't what i thought they were going to be they are perfect. the yellow is a very bright highlighter yellow and purple and blue are a nice dim but somewhat bright color.  they're super light and comfy.", "I train for a couple of different events every year, and buy about 3 pairs of shoes for each year. These are my first purchase this year, and they've made me ready to retire both of my old pairs.They are super light weight, and very comfortable. Like walking on a foam cloud... I've been using them for cross-training, and with the jumping and high-intensity work outs, I am not disappointed. I have much less pain in my knees and ankles than before. They are also very breathable, which is a great addition.(I have not used them outside, only for the indoor workouts and treadmill use. So how they would hold up on different turfs, I cannot say for sure.)", "With hammer toes a problem when wearing tennis shoes, a friend suggested these!  I had tried several different brands, but couldn't stand the discomfort. Tried these on, bought and they are the perfect fit!  Ordered another pair from you and am sure I will in the future.  Comfort is important to me.", "I really like this shoe. Colors are exactly as advertised. Overall fit is a bit tight for wide width feet. Recommend buying a half size bigger than regular size.  Also would not recommend for long distance walking ( walks longer than one hour).", "...are awesome! I have had them over a month now and I am still getting compliments. I wear them at work, and they are very comfortable. I have to move around on concrete all day and my ankles definitely do not even feel it!", "love the look of this shoe but i have a flat,wide foot and did not work for my foot sent back to seller .I will not be buying from the seller again horrible service .I never wore shoe outdoors just in my home to see if they would work for my foot. Well they are currently sending shoe back to me saying will not return because they were worn???? Yeh in my house???? so love nike shoe cute just not good for my foot . Seller I will never buy again from", "`i purchased these shoes from amazon not even 3 weeks ago and already they are falling apart. they run really nicely for the first two days, but after that they were just like my year-old sneakers. definitely not what i expected for $100. i would not recommend them for everyday use at all, maybe running. if your thinking about buying these i really suggest you don't.", "i really like these in the pics online but in person they arent great. toe area is tight and no wiggle room. easily returned though!", "The Nike Women's Dual Fusion TR2 Training Shoe is well constructed, with good arch support and an appealing appearance.  However, the toe box is much too tight and the sizes run small.", "It's light & cushions my feet.  Perfect for Zumba & other fitness programs. It's a little narrower at the entry but once the foot is half way through the foot just slides in.", "While the shoe looked cute, it was narrow and a full size too small.(length)  very light-weight. Not sure how well it would perform as s a trainer.", "Love this sneaker.  Love the print, the colors, the fit.  So light weight.  I have not used these for walking though, just for going out and about.  Very comfortable, true to size.", "Really love these sneakers. They arrived quickly,look just like the picture and were true to size.Very happy with my purchase.", "Was great fit for my young lady she was so happy Omg you all make me type more than I want too", "I have only had these sneakers for 5 days. So far I find these sneakers extremely comfortable. I tend to have pain in my arch whenever I wear sneakers. I have no pain in my arch since I have been wearing these.", "It's time buying this style. OMG what was I waiting for.? These are like walking on a cloud. The some inserts are some type of me sort foam padding and my foot just sinks right I to it. They stay cool during the day because of the breathable mesh type materials. Price for quality and value are unbeatable.", "I love these shoes!  Also had great customer experience.  I had a question about the shoe and customer service was exceptional. They looked for different color and even offered to send a new pair and sent me an email so I could look at the different color.  I ended up keeping these and I am glad I did!", "I love my flex trainer 2 and thought these would be similar. Not so. Will keep these and wear for mucking about, but don't care for the nylonish upper and the fit feels off somehow. Size is fine but feels like the sole is too high on the outside. Tends to lean the foot over toward the inside. Sorry I bought these.", "i love it i wish i could put them in a crystal box so they dont get dirty or something like that.  fit perfect and the colors are beautiful", "I switched from Adidas to Nike shoes about a year and a half ago, after trying on and purchasing my favorite pair of Nike Free Run 7.0 shoes. I bought these to use with indoor workouts. My foot tends to be a tad wide  These Trainers are not as top of the line as the running shoes. The toe box is slightly more narrow and the shoe is more stiff than the Free Run Series. The back of the shoe also comes up a little higher. I find them less comfortable. I'll probably order another pair of the Nike Free Run series shoes and use these as back up shoes. I love the color and look but after finding another fit, in the same brand that was so comfortable, it's hard to digress.", "I haven't bought running sneakers in years buy I could remember always feeling weird and would have to break them in. However these sneakers fit very comfortably and I love them.  They are a very light fit as if I have nothing on my feet.", "it was good. it is very soft and there are flex memory foam in it. but size was slightly bigger than I expected", "I was not happy with these shoes. I did not like the way they fit and they were not comfortable. I am surprised because I really like Nike running shoes.", "The shoes fit perfectly and are wide in front and comfortable to play tennis with. Tennis players should all get this type of shoe, even if you are a beginner.", "I usually buy nike sneakers &#8230;these were very stiff &#8230;.. not what i was expecting  &#8230;. would not recommend at all&#8230;..", "I bought these first from tennis warehouse in Glacier,  they recently took the sale off of them so I decided to check amazon for the gray pair in 7.5. Found them :) These shoes are extremely comfortable, very light (basically its like a featherlight hat but for your feet), and very smooth with movement and bends of the foot. The style is cool, and you feet don't get as hot as they do in other shoes.I have an old injury (torn ligament in the arch of my right foot) and most shoes just kill me to the point of having to sit down for 20 minutes and hold my foot because it will have a spazum and lock up . These are the first shoes that I've bought since my injury that didn't hurt, and didn't hurt my shins (probably from how light they are or where the sole is a nice density and padding too so it would maybe absorb shock from running more).They are slightly narrow, but if you have skinny feet/not wide as I do they'll be perfect for you. Once on you feet they do look like you put them on the wrong feet because of the design (but it's pretty cool looking also), but I still love these shoes. First NIKEs I've bought myself in 15+ years, and I'm 25. Way to go NIKE, making me want to buy every edition on this style!", "I absolutely love these shoes! I've gotten so many compliments on them. They're comfortable and they don't slip on the gym floor when I'm working out.", "I loved the shoes I just wish I got the bigger size.you need more choices to choose from. Thank you", "I love them! They are pretty much perfect! Really comfortable. Good work out shoes. Feels like I'm walking on air.", "These shoes are VERY comfortable. I compared their fit to the Adidias Barricade (which I've worn for years), but they are much lighter than the Barricade.  I bought them on 12/23/13 and did not really play in them until mid January.  I gave it 3 stars because the threaded seam on the left toe has torn.  The right toe is also about to bust.  I guess I drag my toe (4.0 singles player), but my Adidas shoes lasted at least 1 year before they stretched out (never wore out sole or toe)!  Thru research, I learned that NIKE had NO WARRANTY on this shoe and would NOT replace or give me credit (lower end model).  After 2 months of wear, I was disappointed.  I took to a shoe repair place and they restitched the toe as best they could, so maybe I'll get thru this spring's matches.Even though these are comfortable, I won't be buying this model again.", "I had to return these shows. I have a slight bunion on one foot and the shape of the shoe does not accomodate for a bunion....", "I have a bad back and am very sensitive to shoes. In the past, Nike has served well and when I saw the Vapor I felt safe trying it. This is a beautiful shoe and, indeed, works well. I was surprised to find I needed a shoehorn to put them onbut since I am actually a small size 10  it works for me. I love this shoe!", "This is an excellent shoe. It had a wide toe box and an adjustable forefoot area so it fits really well and is very comfortable. There was no break in period and it's fast, light and has just enough cushion to make it comfortable but not too bouncy.My one issue is that it seems to really tear up clay and har-tru surfaces. It does not say anywhere that it's hard court shoe but I am wondering if it is.", "I got these in the blue and purple- adorable, easy to match with my scrubs. However, that was not the reason I bought them. I bought them because I love Nike shoes, and needed a replacement for my gym work outs. These are most certainly not running shoes, but looked pretty decent for some beginning cross fit and my normal routine. They fit, but aren't the most comfortable when you're moving about. At work, they're fine. In the gym or even when I'm doing my stability ball and ab roller in my room, they just end up hurting my heel and arches.", "Great shoe!!! Somewhat large!!! I like that it came whit another pair of laces. Fits right when I use it whit socks", "I have never purchased shoes online before but even without being able to try them on, the Nike for true to size, comfortable for jogging and cross training, and look great!", "Very comfy. Def will order more. I love these shoes. Nike sizes are always consistent. Very pleased with this purchase and how quickly it arrived.", "Love them!! They run small so I had to get a larger size and return the 8 but the 8.5 are fabulous I totally love them!! Great arch support too!", "Fit great.  Nice and snug on the low ankle.  I just wish they would make me run faster.  Great buy!", "My hubby loves them! Awesome birthday present. Boys picked them out. Reccomend these for anybody. I love throw backs alot. Cool", "No comment.  I really love this scandal very comfortable and light to wear. Once again I just to thank you.", "These are my favorite shirts EVER!! I love the thumbholes and they keep me warm and/or dry. This is the first one I've had with the mesh design but its really nice. Definitely will buy more soon!!", "I bought this sports bra in size s. I am a 32C and its too tight, the fabric doesn't stretch so its kind of difficult to get it on and out. It has also a really high cut around the arms so it can be uncomfortable. It is really really thin, so if you get a little cold it will show like crazy.For me the only pro is that the Dry fit fabric is really good. I expected a lot more from a Nike top, so I will stick to forever 21 sports bras.", "The bra was too tight.. it's not about the size, it is the material.. it barely stretches.. I wanted to exchange it but the seller doesn't offer free exchanges nor free returns. Next time I'm only buying from sellers that offer free returns.. I guess that's what you get for such a price.", "... No problem! The bra fits great (size up though) and it still looks new after a few washes. Great purchase!", "Love them. I wear these in the hospital all day when I am on call or when I'm in the OR and my feet feel great at the end of the day.", "It was bit expensive for the shipping cost ($58), but I'm happy to have this shoes. I'll buy from this site for the next purchase", "The reason I picked three stars is I order 9 1/2 which is my size came a little bit tight", "Fits a tad bit looser than AM90's in my opinion. I'm really surprised this colorway isn't up there with the infrared 90's. A classic look that works well with any casual outfit.", "Great fit super confortable, i will not wear another sandal ever again. Suggest for All them lazy/ hard working joe", "I had been looking for them for awhile and glad yall had them and still in my size Thanks Again", "Bought these for my fiance for his birthday and its the only shoes he wants ti wear! They are very nice, and comfy!! Shipped fast and well packaged!", "Very nice pair of Nikes. They arrived just as expected. The size was true to fit and the color matched the description exactly. I had a concern that the green color may have been more like a yellow color which I had noticed on similiar Nikes, however, I am pleased that they were the exact color which was pictured in the description. Thank you for offering a great product which was well described. Made making my purchase decision much easier.", "This is my favorite look of the FREE series, however, they fit a little snug, and may not be the best choice for flat feet...", "After 8 weeks of playing one night a week of softball, the inside, front heel cleat is torn off the right foot and is tearing off of the left foot.  I had some keystones from back in 2008 that are still going strong, and I just bought these to have something newer and better.  Hopefully Nike will work with me on an exchange, but I won't r", "I ordered these for my son. When we received these we both were impressed how they looked.  Better than even the picture on Amazon. They are very lightweight.", "I ordered these for my son.  They not only came fast but were just what he wanted.  All in all a great shoe.", "My son plays travel baseball year round. This shoe is very high quality and rugged enough to deal with 5 game weekends twice per month. The fit was great and it is a great looking shoe. Blends well with the grey or white pants. Most importantly, the cleats are not wearing down as fast as others do. This shoe is highly recommended.", "Nice quality. It is worth it for the price of the item, definitely would recommend these to a friend. Shipping was fast too", "I got these for my husband and he loves them.  They don't get dirty easily (it has been 6 months and they still look brand new even though he wears them often).  I hear from him all the time how he received another compliment on them.  GREAT BUY!!", "I like the comfortable fit. These shoes are great for a moderate to long run. They are becoming hard to find.", "Very tight fit. Didn't have an adjustable tongue. The look of the shoe was nice. Like the mesh and colors", "Lovley hoodie, worth the money!Great material also on the hoodie, i also orderd the gray one and recvied it as described also", "Love them. Fits perfect (german size is 44) and they are pretty good looking. Very fast delivery from US to Germany. I can absolutely recommend them", "These shoes are GREAT!!!  They feel very good on my feet!  They fit great and I think they look pretty good!  I am very satisfied with this purchase and would highly recommend these shoes.  The price was a decent (I saw them a little cheaper on eBay, but that's eBay).  The provider shipped very quickly and I thought the overall transaction was great!", "Ordered these shoes before a trip and they arrived right on time. They are comfortable and very stylist, plus they can be worn with jeans, casual pants and of course shorts. It was a great purchase and a true to size fit.", "These shoes fit great and are very comfortable I am happy I purchased them and will continue to search for my next pair.", "Comfortable boot, but after 5 months of minimal wear (truck driver/driving truck) the sole is falling off. $160 for 5 months of wear? Never again!", "...  (which is most likely what you're actually doing). Fits so well you don't know you have a shoe on, except for the (and forgive the old-fashioned term here) puts an incredible &#34;spring in your step&#34;.", "I had earlier models of this shoes and enjoyed them.  I feel these are over priced considering this model is older, but they fit well and I enjoy playing basketball in them.  So, I'm happy.", "Good fit for the shoes...wear for couple of weeks and feel comfortable and play a couople of games and it is light weight and bouncy feeling..", "My son was totally surprised to receive the shoes he had been looking for and could not find.  They fit perfectly and wore them to his basketball game.", "The shoe is very accurate and excellent thank you very much to handle upscale I wish you success thanks again", "Thank u so much i really like it so much &#60;3Finally i get these shose  i was looking for it long timethanks", "Been looking for a running shoes that really helps with my knees problem, and tried everything. This one really changed my running and painful experience into a really satisfying one. Great one!!!", "Great shoe that I will wear every time I run.  Would recommend this shoe to all of my many friends.", "I wish Nike was still making this style of shoe with this sole. The new sole is not anywhere as comfortable as this one.", "helloi wanna by one but i dont know what does  b(m) or d(m) mean please can u tell me what does that mean ??my size 42", "I had the flyknit lunars which are fantastic and went with these flyknit frees as well. The flyknit free have a more flexible sole but not quite the cushion of the lunars. The frees have a great compression upper that you can wear sockless but the compression fit can constrict over time.I usually wear a 12 in running shoes. My lunars are perfect in that size. The frees are a different beast. As I said the upper is a compression one and hugs your foot tightly. You don't actually need the laces on these it works so well. Issue is that over time it begins to hurt the top of your feet and a bit around the ankle. In my 12's I have given up wearing them with socks as they are just to tight. Barefoot is fine and in line with what they were designed for. I have a second pair in 13's now which is a first for me. They fit much better although they still feel a bit tight after a few hours. My wife has a pair of the frees as well in the womens model. She is a 9 and I got her a 9.5. She loves them but can't wear them all day due to the compression hurting the top of her foot. I probably could have gone to a 10 for her.Style, color, feel are awesome. One of the few shoes I can wear barefoot, although I generally perfer socks which is why I up sized. Just maybe think about going a bit bigger than normal if you want to wear socks with them or looking to wear them for extended or all day periods of time.", "It was amazing to deal with u the items was perfect and no damages on them but I hope to deliver it early next time and check if there is any damages", "I was looking for it from a long time i couldnt find it in all LA stors just here . Thanks", "Make sure you get a half, if not a full size bigger. I usually wear 10.5, but that wasn't happening with these shoes. I initiated a return authorization, and the client service dpt. are amazing. Had the bigger size on my feet a few days later. Great shoes from an amazing seller", "Look great!!!!Extremely comfortable!!!Fit just a tad small would recommend going up at least a half sizeThis is my third pair", "Bought the Flyknits for my son & he couldn't be happier with them; super light & look great. Will definately buy in other colors.", "Nice shoes. They are so comfortable. And they Look so food in your feet. It's incredible to see how they are made!!!.", "Ok well I saw these shoes at the nike factory outlet store for $49.99 in the sky blue color, and I was eyeing some nike free of the same color for $100 for a while so I got these. What I can say is walking running is great just like the nike free, these weigh practically nothing.You don't need socks to wear these, but I will say the spandex part of the upper at the very fit will conform VERY tight to your ankle, much like a very tight pair of socks. It will leave that imprint of the material, and sort of makes it look like I have cankles even though I don't.If you don't know what I mean, ever see a very large woman or man with tight fitting shoes and, at the top it looks like the dough from those biscuits you get in the tube, just after you pop the tube open ? It makes your leg look like that. I'd wear sock for a week or to until they loosen up, or maybe put a peice of tubing or something in there overnight.", "As far as the sizing is concerned it fit true to size. The upper did take some time to break in because they did feel a bit tight at the beginning around the upper part of my feet. I recommend you wear without sox though due to the tight fitting of the upper. Personally I find the Free Flynit perfect for sprints and  short track workouts but not recommended for running long distances due to the minimal design of the shoe. Overall a great looking and performing shoe.", "Only down side is that the shoes have somewhat narrow soles. Other than that best running shoes I have. Would reccomend", "A really great shoes, comfortable, really light, it's a great for walking and running, in a good look, recommended for all", "The shoes pinch my ankle a little after I have wore them a while. I might just have tinder ankles but other then that I love the shoes. Super light and comfortable. I hope the elastic around the ankle loosens a bit after a while.", "They are so comfortable. I have a problem that my toe goes through my shoe and these don't they will last forever.", "I use these shoes for everyday after work or even as a trainer when I go to the gym. It is made to be worn without socks. It will take some breaking in as the sock does add significant support.", "love the design..medium quality..cut... tight..if you have thick foot like me..my advice is to buy half or one size bigger..good seller though", "The size was very good! But the rubber that was on the shoe's ankle was a bit tight. Thank you!", "Pretty awesome. A pain to put on, but totally worth it. invest in a shoehorn and some high socks as these will wear down your Achilles if you wear low socks", "Nothing against the company. the shoes where as described and arrived on time. These are a very rare pair of forces and they turn heads when i wear them. I call them the &#34;LuBoutin Editions&#34;, lol", "They look nice on feet but they crease up way to easy . It's probably the material. But overall it's a nice shoe....", "It runs a size more bigger. Im 8.5 but if i ordered a 8 it will fit me well. I love the colors", "Usually my size is 8.5 inch. But, I select 8 inch, when I purchase nike product. 8 inch is just size for me at this purchasing, too.", "Delivery was in time.I have to say it's comfortable and it made  my friend feet could look smaller than with the size 14", "Nice Great Job..I Would Shop Again From U All,,The Shoes New & Came As Expected..But i didnt like the fact u guys..sold me the shoes for $120.Then U All Drop The Price..:( Was Not Fair To Me :(", "My son loves these sneakers. The Air Max 95's are my favorite because they're the few Air Max that are not only comfortable but true to your size.", "20 years as a c.o by far the best boot that I have ever had.Hope to get many miles out of them", "Nice boot good for standing on your feet long hours, this boot is great for me because I drive a delivery truck for long hours.", "My second pair in 3yrs...on my job, motorcycle or basketball court , excellent all around sneaker boot w/ great support,  comfort & style", "Great fitting and great looking boots.  Very comfortable right out of the box and they didn't need to be broken in.", "Was wearing Thorogood with gelpacks in heels. Great 11 inch boots, and waterproof to a certain point in the life of the boot. Then total breakdown of the uppers. My workplace has alot of water and other liquids on the floor. (non toxic) So when i found the Nikes...I just had to try them out. Very good support. A bit more firm...but my feet are not tired at the end of my shift. So far satisfied with the waterproof claim, and the softness of the uppers.A bit narrow, but I place them on a boot heater before I wear them. I like them! I recommend highly.Jimmy", "I love these shoes I swear by them. They are extremely comfortable would recommend them to anyone that loves boots", "Originally, I thought these were fitting to small but after one wear that fit perfect.  I've bought 2 pairs one for me and one as a gift.", "This boot would probably be terrific for most folks, but due to a problem with my right foot, I have to have less tightness than it provides in the middle of the foot.", "Great as a work shoe/sneaker, and very comfortable. I will get them again when needed. Just wish they were a little cheaper lol...", "Ive had these boots in the past for work andthey are extemly comfortable. When it came time to buy new ones i placed my order on Feb. 15 and I NEVER RECIVED MY ORDER.... Instead of explaining why it's taking so long for me to receive my boots, they simply just refunded me my money... I don't want my money back I want my order. Unfortunately I'm forced to buy other boots that are not to my liking. I will try buying the boots again just through UPTEMPOAIR.. Avoid this seller!!!", "Gave this boot five stars because it is the real deal.Fits to size, comfortable, soft and appears to be very strong...Go buy a pair guys, you will not be disappointed..", "Excellent shoe!  Bright, fun and super comfortable!  The color is amazing and the shoe is easy to wear and light.", "I have bought a few pairs of these nike's in different colours and patterns, they are so comfortable and look great", "The pair I received looks exactly like those in the photos. It is a truly high top shoe, which is what I wanted for ankle support. I'd say the forefoot area of the shoe is rather roomy but I should be able to tighten that with the laces. I got these for playing volleyball on an indoor, wood basketball court. Their bottoms had a great, sticky grip to them that improved my mobility and speed.The only drawback to these that I've noticed so far is that their insoles could provide better cushioning. If they did, I would have given them a five star rating.", "the nike dunks are not only affordable but a great buy for the price. they are easy to clean and are a clean fresh look even with the neon yellow soles. they came as expected and were in their own nike sneaker box. they come with neon yellow laces but you can always change that if you want. compared to some of the other dunks ive found online these were a great steal for th price and they came quickly.", "She came in as expected and have been worn with no complaints other than shoe laces were tight when initially put on.", "MY NEPHEW IS OVER THE MOON WITH HIS NEW SHOES!!!!!!  He couldn't stop thanking me for the wonderful surprise, he lives in the Pacific Islands and rarely anyone gets shoes like these.  It matches his high school colors,,,it was a perfect fit as well.  THANKS AGAIN!!DEFINITELY WILL PURCHASE AGAIN...", "I usually wear a 9 but get 9 1/2 in some running shoes, especially New Balance. I got a 9 1/2 in these Nikes, and they seem to fit well with plenty of room in the toe box. I agree with the other reviewer that these shoes are super cute--very nice color combination. I haven't worn them for running yet, but in walking around the house I can tell that these have a lot of arch support--almost too much for my feet! I think they would be good for someone with high arches. I haven't noticed any problems yet with cushioning in the ball of the foot. I'm keeping them even if I don't use them for running because they are cool.", "This is not Lunar cushioning. It feels like a flat-footed 89 Pegasus. I thought I was buying a proper running shoe with vintage style, but that's not what this is...", "Go Gooners!!! They arrived quickly and exactly what I ordered. Nike brand, and brand new. Not sure what else to say", "I bought these for  my grandson he loved them, Me not so much, I don't think they are worth the money the Nike symbol is almost gone off of them, the front part is coming apart and he has only had them a few months.........", "I love these shoes. This is the 2nd pair that I have ordered. Extremely comfortable and they look great too.", "Stitched weird on the outside of the right shoe. Pretty uncomfortable for a while after you put then on and then again at the end of the day, but they are sharp looking.", "Look and feel great. Very light and seem to be well made. I would definitely recommend these shoes for every day use", "This came with my son's glasses.  I did not order this from Amazon. I am very disappointed in this product, as it is broken and completely useless 2 weeks after my son got his glasses.  After spending $300 on his glasses, it is very upsetting for the case to break so soon and now I must buy a new case so his glasses don't get destroyed.  BEWARE if you buy this case.", "It fit as expected and looks brand new when received, as if it was bought at the shoe store itself.", "Delivery was prompt.The shoe is beautiful. Light and comfortable, but not equal to the lunars in terms of technology. Of course, these are 1989 model shoes so it's as expected. Overall, i'd still recommend them for the airmax fans", "Very comfortable and fashionable. great for the gym or simply just to make a fashion statement. I truly love the roshes", "Does not offer the support I am used to with Air Pegasus shoes.  Price was good but support and shock absorption properties of shoe were not up to normal standards.", "I love the color and the quality even has the new style i like this because it's very comfortable !", "Fit perfect, comfy, excellent for training, light weight and material is not cloth definitely would recommend.Good for casual outgoings.", "I love these! Fit great and look cute also. Very very comfortable. You can wear these to work out or just on a casual day.", "Great experience with this purchase!I have only worn these a couple days and have not done much walking but so far they are very comfortable.  I am a little worried the top of the back will dig into my heels but it is too early to tell.", "Good choice, for a good Price/Quality relation. It's a confortable and light wheight shoe, for long walks in all kind of terrains.", "I purchased these for my 19 year old daughter because Amazon had this shoe in a 9.5.  My daughter was concerned because these are casual shoes that they would not have enough arch support.  After she tried them on they fit okay but they fit much better when she put in her gel insoles which gave her better arch support and a better fit.  She loves the look and the colors.", "Recently purchased this product. This slide definitely runs large. I normally wear a size 8. Had to exchange this for size 7. I am very happy with the size 7 ---- how it fits. They run a little wide, so be aware of that. I feel they are comfortable & like the colors!  I am a satisfied customer.", "They are not the same snugness of the other Benassi slide sandals that I love!!! Also the bottom is more spongy, so retains moisture and that leads to smell. Do not get these wet.  Overall they are cute, very comfortable as you expect from the Nike Benassi. Amazing arch, great for the feet and back. The band over the foot is a bit loose, if I had known I would have ordered a size smaller, maybe.", "I completely wore out my last pair. When not at work, I live in these. Gel cushions soothing for feet.", "I get blisters if I wear them too long (admittedly on walks where I should be wearing them) but these are perfect as a slip-on, and as a more supportive and attractive alternative to flip flops.", "I wear these inside to protect my feet and back. Sometimes with socks, sometimes not. So comfortable. Cannot live without these. They fit true to size and I love them!!!!!!! More colors needed! The bottom is waterproof and the faux leather top can tolerate water, but don't throw them in the deep end.", "Nice fit and comfortable. Worth the price. Would buy them again for sure. Thank you for a comfortable product. :)", "Feel and look cheap and fake.  Doesn't look like picture at all. I didn't feel like sending it back am waiting for a refund so I just gave them away.Not satisfied at all.", "MY GRAND DAUGHTER LOVES THIS SNEAKERS. THE FIT PERFECT, GREAT STYLE, NICE COLOR.. SHE TURNED 7 AND I WANTED HER TO HAVE SOMETHING DIFFERENT.", "This is a good shoe. It fits true to size 7, and is a super-comfy standard runner. It arrived promptly and well-packed, a pristine Nike shoebox within a shipping box. I have no critique for this item, but I will say the color is grey & salmon, not pink... And is really lovely:)", "lots of toe room and nothing squeezing on the sides of your feet... super light and great support... MAKE SURE YOU GET THE RIGHT size.... try them on in a store before you purchase on line.... make sure arch in the right place and toes not hitting front. Most people buy shoes too small for them....", "fit perfect &#8230;&#8230; its always nice when u can find jordans dat can fit a newborn&#8230;..i would recommend dis product to anyone!", "These shoes run smaller than the rest of the size 3 shoes I have bought from shoe stores where I live at", "Couldn't find many soft bottoms that I wanted I'm any stores. These were perfect for my little man, considering I have the same shoes. Like mother, like son! Perfect & authentic!!", "I loved my Nike Flex 2013 Run...they fit like a glove and extremely comfortable. So I thought, maybe they actually improved on them for the 2014 model. WRONG!!!Whoever is responsible for this shoe at Nike should be FIRED!! My forefoot feels like it's in a vise (yes I adjusted the laces etc.) and NO the shoe will probably NOT &#34;break in&#34; sufficiently to be comfortable.If my old 2013 Flex was a &#34;10&#34; on fit and comfort, I would give this 2014 model a solid &#34;4&#34;. Simply amazing...I am returning these and hoping to find the 2013 model.First and last time I buy a shoe I haven't tried on over the internet...lesson learned!", "this is te perfect gift for you husband, mi husband love that sneakers, are really soft and confort for him", "Very light, comfortable fit for narrow foot. Materials are a bit cheap, but okay for the price. Not enough support for longer runs.", "I replaced the 2013 Flex Runs with these and I'm happy with my decision. These have better support and broke in quickly.", "Look great, feel awesome so happy! They look so nice and running in them feels like running on marshmallows. So happy.", "I bought this shoe from a different store; however, I first saw it here on amazon. I absolutely love this shoe. The shoes are very light weight and they fit exactly how they should. I wear a 7 1/2 and it feels amazing. It has good traction and stability as well. I have a high arch and this comforts my feet so they aren't achy by the end of the day. I also love the bright colors.", "I bought this shoes for someone else who experiencing some foot-pain, but these shoes are helping a lot!At the same time shes's very happy with the design and colors.Great product!", "I love these shoes. They are so comfortable and super light weight. Perfect for the summer weather. Love the bright colours too.", "A few months ago, I tried on the flex in Blue & got those. I always love to have white sneakers so when I saw them in White I had to have them. They are the second Nike brand that I feel are the best & comfortable sneakers they make!!!", "I had to play in a tournament the day after receiving the cleats, and they fit perfectly and looked just as described online. Great purchase!", "Personally, I think they're revolting, but I'm not an 11 year old NBA wanna be, so what the hey, they're perfect.", "Length is great, but way too tight.  Trying to stretch out I like the look so much.  Makes me feel like Mackelmore.", "The shoes were perfect and the price was also good. I am happy with this product and would recommend the seller. I know many people are scared to purchase Jordan's on amazon in fear of getting replicas. These are the real deal.", "Great buy, great pair of shoes.  I bought these sneakers for my nephew and he loved them.  I don't regret this purchase.", "I love these shoes...but I need some pants and a shirt to go with them. Any recommendations? Email me at imsuperstar369@gmail.com", "looked,purchased, satisfied! first time user on amazon and i'm happy with what i've received. Getting a lot of compliments on the shoes.", "Awesome shirt that is amazingly comfortable and perfect for summer golf. Terrific colors and highly quality materials make this a must for any serious golfer", "Beautiful shirt somewhat large in the neck the buttons pull the shirt down and make your chest wide open to see.", "Now this is the ultimate in polo the best feeling and the best cut it wears so nice now that's the truth an plus I'm a TIGER FAN", "Very nice and light! Would recommend this shoes to anyone who wants to step there game up to the next level!", "If you want comfort and fashion working for you, this shoes is perfect for any jerseys you may wear. My friends were all in awe seeing my new shoes :).", "I bought these for a friend, and he was delighted with them.The fit is just how he expected, and great value for money.", "Bought this for my friend who is 5'4&#34; and 125lbs and small is just too small to be comfortable on her thighs.  Ordered her the medium, hopefully will be perfect then.", "a good looking shoes for the right price, size are somewhat smaller than expected.. a good shoes nevertheless. lorens frrom PH", "I brought a pair of these for Christmas and there were so comfortable I brought another pair.  I love nice fitting running shoes for slipping on after work or going to the gym to get my &#34;Physical&#34; on.  These fit the bill!", "The product fits snug but is true to size. The colors looks fantastic in person. It's definitely worth the money.", "My son  and wife loved the shoes.  Just like I saw them online  and the delivery was fast.  My son was asking almost very day when the shoe are arriving..", "I was wanting to use them to play ball in. They happen to be just a lil too big. I started send them back But I got so many compliments on them ima just wear them with nice fits.", "Very comfortable running shoe!! hardly can feel it - no knee or foot pain - great sneaker for working out/running", "Looked great, felt great, and gave me swag. these are the shoes that lebron james actually wears in games. Sweet!", "Fit's good although box said they where 8.5 the shoes where size 9 my son's happy with them. Wondering how could the box be maked wrong?", "It may be because these are a rare pair but glad to say it eventually arrived and everything was as described, and authentic.", "Love these sneakers they match my shirt just right, and I have gotten plenty of compliments about these sneakers and my friends and family have been asking me where did I buy these shoes.  I have recommended this seller to everyone who ask me about these sneakers.", "Purchased as a gift for Christmas for my granddaughter and she loved it. Just what she wanted for school and reasonable", "Got it for my one year old brother we have been looking for the right fit and style for him , this shoes were great he walks much better with these shoes all the other shoes made him walk funny . I'm happy with my purchase.", "He runs mid to long distance in track.  I ran across these shoes at the nike outlet in LA.  I bought them in 2 sizes.  A 7.5 and an 8.5.  This translates to a 6 and 7 kids shoe.He is now wearing a 6.5 kids shoe and the 7.5 still fits him.You have to put them on a few times before they go on easily.  He wears them with socks.  He likes them because they force him on his toes.  They give him cushion as he runs aroudn the track in races.  He prefers them over spikes.  Spikes make him end the 1500 sore.  These he finsishes without the soreness.I do have a concern as to if they are reducing his time over spikes.  Usually in the 400 spikes give you a 2 second advantage.", "I love these Jordan's because they go with a lot of her little outfits.  They are a little big but I made sure they were so she could get more wear out of them.", "Like walking on air...lightweight. Size true.  Color correct.  Ordered a second pair just in chase these get ruined. Yes  I do that...", "These the retro 5 Dorns and that should be nuff said. These retro old school but new and clean and got no scuffs or nothing. I like mines with swap laces and I don't tie them or nothin less I iimticipate need to run real fast. Then they get laced TIGHT.Every family should has them. Me and my 17 brothers does but one lost his because of a robbery and he didn't has them laced tight enuff.You got the money, buy them.", "Although it is slightly big, my son doesn't want to sell it as the fit is comfortable. The colour and appearance is outstanding", "So far so good with these. they fit as I had expected and seem like they'll hold up OK over time.", "Quarter crew socks were difficult to find in the 12-15 sz. They are are  an  excellent fit and product. Over priced from the base price at stores(if you can find them).  Will not purchase them  here again as found other outlet at considerable less $.i", "sent it back to the provider for the next size larger. spoke to the provider and they were very nice about the exchange.", "These socks are great and let my feet breathe. Very comfortable. I run and spin in these socks. Love the way they fit", "I bought these socks for a friend. She is an avid runner and wanted a nice cute pair of socks to go on her runs in. Not only are these socks super cute, she says they fit great and are awesome to wear while working out or anytime for that matter. She wears a size 5 shoe, and she says they fit great!!", "Good fitting warm and everything I expected from socks. My feet are sweating right now is my only problem but we will live", "The shoes were defective, called the company, ah would do nothing & did not care to hear about our issues.  Said no one had this problem.  However the 4 kids who had these shoes in our small town ALL had the Same problem...Nike did not stand by their product. Not your problem.", "the product is a bit large, but I love it.My son can use it for longer.thanks very much.", "Just as expected, arrival on time, size, color, very comfortable and light weight to kids is very good product as expectations", "11 year old has wide feet, measures a size 7 1/2 and an 8 was entirely too small for him.  Had to return.  Great shoe otherwise.", "The shoes are wonderful and 100% authentic!!!  I purchased a pair at the beginning of the year and I have received so many compliments.  I did my homework before I bought them and they are the same exact shoes that were sold in the stores.", "At first i thought it might come out small for my cousin size, but it exactly fits perfectly! the shipment arrived pretty quick and looks real to me. Can't beat the price online which is fair enough to me.", "Couldn't get them in store line was crazy long. . But I'm glad I bRought thEm . Wish ppl would stop making false reviews", "This shoe is sick and very worth the asking price if you were unable to get them when they first came out. Love love love", "Cause my size is really small, I'm worried that it might not fit me as well. But we tried it, it just fit as expected. The shoes are solo cool! U just can't miss it!", "Very happy with this purchase. A little worried at first, about the size and buying something expensive online, because of all the fakes going around the internet. But these bad boy are real.", "No complaints! They look and feel great! Official Gammas that I was skeptical about ordering online. Glad I opted to do so...", "Love it great for running or walking also very stylish will actually look good with jeans. Shoe are also very comfortable", "I've had these for several weeks and I am completely happy with them. I have posterior interior tendinitis in my left foot and am flat footed and always have to have inserts in my shoes. When I first tried them on they seemed a bit snug and I worried for a moment  but once I had them on and walked around in them I was completely happy with my decision to purchase them, I did not have to wear inserts and my feet were smiling, I know this because the smile travelled to my face. I will be purchasing another pair in a different color. I wish all shoes, athletic and non athletic were this comfortable.", "Excellent feeling wearing them playing tennis and I love the color very much. Good shoes! And they fit me as my expectation!", "This is a cross between cross training and running shoe. It isn't as flexible and slim as a typical running shoe.  I switched between Nike and Adidas shoe.  Like the look of the shoe with the fat air max.  I prefer darker shoe so it doesn't stick out (I have the black grey). I was ready to buy a nike foam running shoe, but when I was tried this shoe on, I spend the extra to get it.  It has that unibody design like a mock, but with shoe lace.This might be the softest nicest fitting shoe I worn and I have owned many air max before.", "These shoes are awesome, fit great, and are extremely comfortable, arrived on time, in perfect condition great for just about anything, running (trail) or hitting the gym.", "Great shoes just remember this is no tongue it's all connected, but love them.Nike always performs and these shoes show.", "Love the shoes!!  They're comfortable, durable on the court, and they get lots of compliments.  Big fan!  I highly recommend these shoes.", "LOVE, LOVE, LOVEeveryone wants themi could sell them off my feeti hope they never never wear out", "These shoes were so cute but there was not much foot support/cushion, and no arch support at all.  The back of the heel was weird, wide and didn't confirm to your foot.  Very very light weight fabric. FYI you have to pay to send your shoes back from this seller.", "Very Comfortable, and I love the patterns and colours, goes with so many outfitsYou do not feel that you have shoes on at all", "Ordered these shoes on Tuesday (5/13/14) and received them on Friday (5/16/14) in great condition. Have only had it for 5 days, but stoked about it! Have only used it a handful of times so far for my Zumba classes and absolutely love the way they move with me! Very fluid with the movements and no &#8220;sticking&#8221; to the dance floor &#8211; perfect for the joints. They&#8217;re extremely light and form fitting so it feels like you&#8217;re floating and almost barefoot. There really isn&#8217;t much cushion to these shoes so don&#8217;t expect that when purchasing these.The only thing that I noticed is that the shoes seemed to &#8220;stick&#8221; to the hot asphalt as I walked to the parking lot (it was only in the 80&#8217;s at the time, but here in Texas, we can go to triple digits in the summer) so I may just put them on and take off in the gym.The black shoe is gorgeous  (I needed something neutral) &#8211; though I do like the other colors offered with this model so I may switch out shoelaces to jazz it up a little.  Hope they last a long time as they cost a pretty penny. So far so good! Highly recommended.", "They are perfect!!! I am really happy with my new training shoes!! :)Thank you so much!!! :D Love them!!", "I got these shoes expecting the Crimson to be a tad more Crimson.  Unfortunately the &#34;Crimson&#34; that was advertised was actually a very bright orange.  I'm pretty disappointed.  The shoes are very comfortable.", "This hat set was too small for my 2 year old. And it smelled old when we got it. This was not a good purchase.", "The description of the item was not clear, when I received item it was orange, black and white. The shoe is tight in some areas and canbecome very uncomfortable when standing for a long period of time. I read some of the reviews on this item and heard bad and good on it. It is a nice looking shoe but not worth the price.", "Great, comfortable wear, just what I expected! The quality is what you want from NIKE. This is my second SHOX. I should have bought another color.", "Comfortable sneakers at a decent price, I would definitely recommend these for a basketball shoe if you prefer low tops.", "No surprises just what I ordered & expected. Fit is great. Nice color. Light weight. Price is funny I paid $24. They were tagged $22. ??? Still a bargin.", "Awesome, awesome, awesome shoe!!! Everybody is jealous!!! Very cool and different looking boot!!! I have been looking at them for a while and very happy I finally purchased them.", "The sole felt very mushy.  I would have had to use some very hard inserts.  Also, the camo portion of the boot felt like rubber, meaning feet would sweat to death...  You can do bette.r", "Great shoes for my job went from shox burner xii and xiii and so far so good much more comfortable and much lighter will be adding a second pair soon", "love these sneakers just got them in mail today super fast shipping..from LA to Philly via USPS in 2 days flat...... they fit true to size.. for me.. I'm a size 10 us... I'm a fan of the Nike Air Max 90 but the color is what caught my attention... first pair of Dark Grey sneaks for me..but not my last.. another pair headed my way soon..", "Very cute but if u wear a 8.5 get a 9 run a little bit small over all comfortable shoe everybody was sweating them so keep em coming o yea pricing is a little pricy they really go for 65 so mabe a just y'all price you will get more customers", "Shoes fit and are as expected.  The only thing is that they are an orange color, and I thought crimson was a red color.  Not too many things match with these shoes, now that I know they are not red.", "Size is true to what it states!  My son loves his shoes!  Would definitely consider purchasing from them again in the future!", "I love these shoes! They are true to size and are very stylish and comfortable.  They have a wedge heel but they feel just like a regular sneaker.", "Size 8 fit is perfect . Very happy with my purchase . Glad I got an size 8 and didn't go bigger.", "I have been wearing Nike shoes for many years, and have always appreciated how long they last.  My most recent purchase was about two years ago, so I decided it was time for a new pair.  Knowing that Nike runs small, I chose a pair 1/2 a size bigger as I normally do.  These shoes, however, were a little bigger than my other Nike's but fixed easily with some insole inserts.  The shoes are very comfortable and look and feel like they will last awhile.  I am noticing that they will be warm in the summer, as there is little venting on the shoe.", "I had sought after this particular shade of green for some time.  I now I'm proud to add it to my sneaker collection.", "This was a surprise purchase for my baby girl(15). She seen them and said I have to have them. I said NO! The sneakers arrived in 3 days, she was so HAPPY. She says they are comfy, true to size, loves the detail, and would definitely order Nike Cortez sneakers in the future:)", "I love the sneakers I wish you would give more of us the option of many sizes again you don't which is very sad", "I love the way my feet feel in these shoes and how comfortable they are. This has been the first pair of athletic shoes that I have been able to wear without my feet falling asleep.", "These sneakers provide great stabilization. My pronating days are over, at least until they wear out. I will be purchasing another pair, once I've run these into the ground.", "I have worn shoxs for years, but these hurt the botton of my big to on both feet. I would not buy them again, this is alot of money to have sore feet.", "These shoes were bigger and bulkier than I expected them to be, perhaps because I am used to seeing those neon colored ultra-light joggers that seem to be everywhere. I get Nikes because they have good arch support, important for my foot. The fit around the heel/Achilles is narrower than other Nikes I've purchased, so it's a big snug, but hasn't caused any pain. I wear a size 8 street shoe and bought these in a 9.5, per my usual upsizing for an athletic shoe. Recommended.", "I work in a warehouse where there is concrete floors,i walk at least 5 miles daily these shoes save my knees and my back i love shox.", "I love Nikes but they all fit different. These ones are very cute and are just as pictured! I would only recommend them to people with more narrow feet though. They length fit me great, but when wearing them during a workout they squished my feet so bad, I had to take them off. I don't have wide feet in most shoes, so I would just recommend them for narrow feet people.", "They didn't feel comfortable...they feel as if they need broken in'...I'm trying to wear them and stretch them out...unhappy....grrrrrrr. 130 bucks wasted", "Comfort level and styling are as expected , but price is still more than I would like. Would prefer more basic coloring.", "Because the comfort and feel are great I was told everyone wants a pair and i guess i will have to purchase more", "The shoes are comfortable but the are a little narrow at first but after a couple of uses they are good. The shoe laces seem short to me.", "Very comfortable, good fit, I am wearing them to run and workout.  Very happy with these sneakers. Would recommend these.", "The shoes fit right. They are very comfy to work out in and even for everyday walking. Reasonably priced too", "This style of shoe runs 1/2 size small and narrow.  Order up and you'll be fine.  Otherwise I like the shoe.", "I love the colors on this shoe!  and I've always loved the Nike Shocks, but this shoe is so bulky that it doesn't fit right.  There's just too much material in it that it doesn't fit right or comfortable and It makes my size 8 feet feel huge.", "At last a pair of cool trainers for ladies! Although they're not on the nike site, luckily I found them here. I needed a pair for Netball so had to have ones that gripped, allowed me to spread my feet inside the trainer and supported my ankle. BUT I wanted ones I actually liked. Running/sports trainers are generally rank, especially women's ones, I don't know who designs them.So yay to these guys! They're not as squishy as I hoped for, they're quire rigid and where the shoe bends on the front, as you walk, it kind of rubs right now so I'm wearing them in as I type, They're way to pretty to even think about replacing. I don't care if they rub for a day or two!", "They are a pain in the you know to get on. Other than that they are great. They don't look like the icky 80s high tops I've been avoiding even though I have &#34;unstable ankle&#34;. That's a real medical diagnosis. It means a bad sprain that never healed right and cause the tendons to loosen or partially tear.", "Im so in love with these shoes. have received plenty of compliments at the gym by both guys and girls. very comfy almost like your wearing no shoes at all.I highly recommend them (:", "these shoes are stiff and uncomfortable. the first time I wore them they creased accross the toes maling them look used right away", "Very nice pair of sneakers my husband like them a lot Nike KD NSW he got 2 pairs. Thank you.", "bought these for a trip to mexico!  they rate airy, comfortable, and super light-- got TONS of compliments as well!", "Pros:Great size.  Not too big, but not too small.  Just enough to do the job without showing.  I wear a men's adult size 10 shoe.Nike logo on topSoft/CushionedCons:None", "I found the band too loose and the cups too tight.  (I'm a 30DD by the way and ordered this in the small size.)  I'm pretty sure it'll be way too big if I go up a size and way too tight if I size down.  I might hang on to it regardless of the fit.  It's really not a bad bra.  Maybe it can be a back-up in case I need it.UPDATE: Decided I definitely like this bra after wearing it a few times.  It provides good support for medium impact activities and isn't uncomfortable.  While the cup part seemed tight at first it's stretched to conform to my body.  And even though the band didn't seem snug enough I haven't had any problems with it riding up.  My only complaint is that this tends to trap heat a bit.  Other than that this becoming one of my go-to sports bras.", "I really like the shoes,the color the same as inThe picture,i have some compliments at work,I hope theres another color availableAnd i buy another one", "I have bought a tons of nike shoes and these are by far my favorite. They are comfy and have lots of support esp. for someone who has knee problems. I also workout everyday and they are perfect for that as well.", "Really feels snug and fits great! Helps me feel grounded and walk with confidence! A great buy for anyone who likes comfort", "Because of the price, these Janoski's are tough to beat. I've skated a couple pairs of these now. Previously had the canvas tops, I like the suede better. These shoes are very minimal, break in pretty quick and hold up well. Beautiful style, the color is a bit loud but with a calm shirt/pants, they look reasonable.", "Thank you very much man!Very nice and beautifull shoes!I've been looking for them a long time!thanks again!", "My son wanted a new pair of skate shoes and this is what he asked for! He is very pleased and loves them.", "my grandson loves these shoes. he wears them everyday to school. they fit just as they are supposed to. love them", "I like the design and the leather. It is little bit small but I think it will be good with the time", "The best AirMax 2013 as it is leather which is what I preferred thou it runs a bit smaller. I hope there will be a leather version of Airmax 2014 too.", "I had own the 2010 and2011.Very comfortable and durable, I am wearing the 2011 presently while writing this review.when I saw the 2013 leather version,that did it for me.", "These Air Max shoes are narrow and tight.  Make sure to order wide if available.  Not a bad looking shoe.", "I bought these shoes for my husband to go with his sweat suit. I love the way these shoes look on him. These shoes are definitely worth the money.", "This was a Christmas gift for our son, he really wanted a track suit and they were impossible to find all together. I was a little nervous about ordering a UK version of Nike, but it shipped quickly and looked perfect. He was thrilled with this gift. It is a dark gray with a wedgewood blue. It looks very expensive and has held up great all winter.", "Every-other shoe lace mount anchors down at the sole rather than just being an eyelit. I guess it helps the shoe wrap around your foot or something. Either way, one of mine has a broken string anchor thing and I have to run the lace through stupidly to keep it laced up. If I could figure out how to fix it, or better yet, it didn't break, it would get more stars", "Be sure to order 1/2 size or maybe even a full size bigger than your normal shoe size. But i can see they will be very comfortable when I get the right size.", "Wore them to school on a monday and hasn't stopped since, they look great, fit well, we ordered a lil big and they fit as expected. plus they are cheaper price wise on here, will deff look for more shoes when its time.", "The length was a little short. I expected the sleeves to be longer on me as well as to rest over smh hips a little not on them", "The sweatshirt they sent me is supersoft and looks exactly like the photo...except it is NOT a zip front but a pull-over.  It is so comfy I decided to keep it, but will still have to find a zip hoodie!", "I got these j's for my man, he fell in love with them. Great fit!!! Wish they had my size too.", "The filler at ankle was exposed.There is Chinese instruction in the box not English.& No guarantee tags.I doubt the shoes are real authentic.", "They fit as well as expected I was a little scared to purchase shoes online at first bow I am confident I can do it again", "Fit perfect and they arrived on time.  Thinking about ordering another pair soon.  Great shoes for running for track.  Highly recommended", "Love these shoes! Wish I could have a pair in every color. I normally wear a 7 1/2 but like an 8 in athletic shoes and the 8 fits great. They are very lightweight and comfortable. A little expensive but that's what you pay for Nike's.", "When she told me she wanted this for Xmas, she didn't realize itcame only with the aqua colored sole and first of all, didn't like that,but then the shoes didn't fit her because they were too small", "I just had foot surgery this past December and I have two pinched nerves in my foot.  My podiatrist told me to wear soft shoes with a rubber sole.  I had gone to a local department store and got fitted for this same pair of shoes in a very bright orange.  They did not have the size I needed in this color but I bought the orange shoes and then found these on Amazon.  I now have two pair but they are worth every penny.  These are very light and so comfortable.  I showed them to my podiatrist and he was happy with my choice.  They are soft and don't bother my scar at all and they are gentle on the pinched nerves.", "Love them. Super light and comfortable.  Other shoes hurt my right foot due to breaking it in the past but I forget it even happened when I run in these", "My husband is very hard to buy for and he loves these shoes. I am very much satisfied with them.", "I get a lot of compliments on my shoes.  They are comfortable but get a little heavy after being on your feet for  6 hours.  I love them", "This was for my brother as a birthday gift and he was very happy. He was surprised and I didn't have to spend so much money.", "I gave this order a bad rating because of the affiliate company I ordered through, not because of the shoe.  The shoe looked great but was uncomfortably high around my ankle.I recently tried ordering a pair of jeans in multiple sizes and these shoes after noticing that shoes and clothing could be returned for free.  I am accustomed to this from my usual online clothing retailers but didn't realise amazon offered the same option. What I didn't know was that this particular company (where I found my size) was a total pain to return to.  I had to make a special request for a return, and then had to pay in full for return shipping AND on their shipping slip they mentioned that I would also be charged for the initial shipping if returned!  The total is about $17.  Outrageous. That is totally unacceptable and should have been made very clear on the purchase page.  Please find someone else to order from-like zappos.", "Very comfy, fits perfectly on foot, laces ties easily and easy to put it in... Highly recommended.Very good for the price", "Ordered for my son for Christmas and he loves them.  Says several people have asked where he got them because they want a pair too.", "They look terrific on me and are nice and light weight. I love the red color, and the lenses are just the right tint--not too dark.", "My husband love them.  Would order from you again.  They are great looking and fit nicely.  I would order a pair for myself.", "I was very satisfied with the shoe the color it fits well as always I am a satisfied customer I look forward to my next purchase from Amazon", "These sneaks as perfect.  They arrived fast and fit great.  The colors are bright and the fit is awesome. I will buy more in different colors.", "Sirs.TSTSC Industries & AmazonExcellent services and attentionNike Air Max Navigate Women's Shoes, Pure Platinum/Current Blue/White, 7.5...Sincerely.Byron GG", "You cannot zoom in and see the stitching,missing detail this is is not helpful at all when shopping.I can expand my view but then lose detail.I was looking for a really durable canvas nike mid high black skate shoe.but you cannot see detail and some of the material is really like flimsy cloth which will be ripped in a few days.the other shoes have like a coated thick canvas that's really durable.but I a can't mouse click for specific view so you guys another sale.sorry", "I held off a long time getting these shoes. Firstly, there are no retailers that carry them. My local running store said they just weren't good sellers so they sent the shipment back.  I've been trying to find a more cushioned shoe than my go-to New Balance MT110 (on my 3rd pair). As I get into longer runs and in more technical terrain the MT110's just don't have enough underfoot. After 13 miles or so, my feet are just too beat up, especially on anything with lots of technical downhill runs. The MT110 is my perfect fitting shoe. The upper hugs my mid-foot and heel like no other and I have perfect amount of room in the toe-box.  The lugs on the MT110 are amazing in all conditions. In fact, I've only had to use spikes in snow on one occasion when it was especially icy. It's just lacking in the mid-sole department. So, I've been in search of the just-right cushioned shoe.I've tried a few other shoes and putting this on was a 'wow' moment for me. The upper is incredibly soft and breathable. The sole has amazing cushioning for such a low stack. My first run in these were on some rocky terrain and I wanted to test if I would feel sharp rocks.  Nope. Nothing. The Zoom air pods do their job without the need of a rock plate. They're light weight and have a great, roomy toe box. I didn't experience any slipage or hot spots on my first few runs.Pros: Lightweight, roomy toe box, soft comfortable uppers, good amount of cushion without being too much or too stiff. Nice soft heel. The way the lacing works really supports the mid-foot (I don't know what they call it).Cons: on flat terrain I can feel the zoom air pods under my forefoot.  The sticky rubber outsole wears quickly on asphalt or concrete. The burrito tongue will fold under easily and cause a rub spot. When I put the shoe on I have to be careful not to extend the tongue out too much to get my foot in.Overall I'm very surprised and happy with the shoe. I've yet to get a long run (longer than 10 miles) but these are very comfortable. My biggest concern is they will be discontinued soon, like every other shoe I fall in love with.", "These are the first pair of sneakers that haven't left my feet sore after a run! I have long toes and find most closed toed shoes uncomfortable. But because these shoes are soft all the way around, they don't pinch my feet in any area. This is a nice balance between &#34;barefoot&#34; or minimalist running shoes and traditional heavy running shoes. They are lightweight, yet feel supportive. I normally wear an 8-8 1/2 in regular shoes, and got these in a 9 (because your feet swell while running). They feel great on my feet during runs and walks. I went to several shoe stores and tried on dozens and dozens and dozens of shoes before finally settling on these. And after using them for about a month, I've decided I'm definitely getting another pair.", "It's a good fit, comfortable, and pretty. A little painful when hiking rough trails, but these are running shoes and aren't meant for rocky paths. On concrete, they work wonderfully and my feet feel comfortable enough to stand around all day.", "Fully adjustable Velcro strap in the back so, fits my 10 month old with a peanut head just fine when adjusted to smallest setting.", "Great sneaker I use them at the gym they have good support.  The shipping could have been a little faster though but understandable with all the snow in the East.", "They fit like a glove , and they are very comfortable. I always buy Nike, but I didn't know how these were going to work. They look, and feel great.", "I LOVE THESE NIKE BOOTS I GOT THEM FOR THE RAIN AND THEY FIT GREAT LOOK GREAT AND WEAR GREAT LOVE THEM", "I love the first Nike flexon frames that I bought, these have flexon ear pieces, don't know if the eye frame is titanium, probably is but it isn't flexible like the sides. Still a nice pair of glasses. Glass frames that are made of Flexon &#34;Titanium&#34; are indestructible.", "I really liked this article because my son really likes football. he liked it. thanks. very good product.....thanks thanks thanks", "My son love he's shoe he just don't take them off.he get mad if u tell him no not them.", "In 1996 the world brought me Space Jam. I thought it was impossible to make that movie better but almost 2 decades later this perfect sneaker has made its way into my life and turned the dial up to 11!", "At first i thought ehh i probably don't need these shoes.. but after i sold my house, kids, wife, and car i could finally buy these! As soon as  they came into the mail and i unboxed them (i now live in the box they came in) I knew they were worth every penny i spent. My feet felt like they were stepping into foam from the galaxy (hence why they are called galaxy foams) now whenever I'm walking down the street as a homeless person people always try to say &#34;aye! get off your butt and go do something with your life!&#34; i just hold up my foot and show them my fresh shoes and they back off. Anyway you NEED these pair of shoes they will change your life in a huge way!", "In my opinion, this has to be the greatest marketing event in the history of the world.Nike. Just blew it.", "When I saw these shoes, I though they would be awesome.  Selling the car for space age shoes is a perfect trade.  I should have read the description better. &#34;Foamposite&#34; sounded like space age material.  It's just foam.  THEY ARE FREAKING NERF SHOES!!!!!.  Nerf shoes have no traction or stability.  Nerf shoes squeak when they get wet.  You get beat up when you wear nerf shoes.  And now they are falling apart because I have to run to work 20 miles each way.  Terrible idea.  Don't buy them", "I know deep down in my soul that part of the money I am paying will go to giving the Cambodian factory workers who make these an $80/month pay raise. I hope that they can finally stop the protests since I bought 100 pairs. I made myself a bed out of 30 pairs, a pillow from 5 pairs, and an exact replica of my ex-boyfriend from the remaining pairs. He wasn't too happy with the fact that I maxed out all his credit cards and stole his emergency fund out of the freezer. He couldn't understand that it was for a humanitarian cause. I sleep like a baby every night because the shoes are super comfortable. Better than a Serta mattress!!", "I wear size 7 or 8 depending, on the  manufacturer. I purchased the size 14 (was hoping they had a larger pair). Either way,  I am able to fit both my feet into one sneaker and my wife & son can squish their feet into the other. We hop around town while all others look on with jealousy  all over their faces!", "so.  My mom's Athena.  Percy Jackson is my cousin.  We fight from time to time, as cousins are wont to do, but all of that aside, the guy's okay.  He got a movie deal and a SERIOUSLY great set of books in his honor.  I didn't.Mom and I sat down and thought about how to rectify this situation.  We decided that I should get Nike's shoes with the little wings on them to make me the ALL-POWERFUL messenger of the Gods.  And Mom, being the warrior woman she is, would get me armor that would keep the messenger from being shot.Well, Mom's pretty smart.  She went to Zeus and when he said NO WAY would he pay that much for shoes, she threatened to call the electric company and tell them the truth about his siphoning electric off the humans to create his lightning bolts.  He caved.  I got my shoes.yeah, DISMAL.  the little wings don't work.  Can't fly, can't run fast enough for all the petty squabble messages that need passing between the Gods and I got in trouble because one day I was so bored walking the 10,000 miles between Olympus and Hawaii (Dionysus REALLY likes Luaus) that I read all the messages on the way.  MAN there's a lot of sex and killing going on!  Game of Thrones has a LOT to learn!  Zeus was pretty mad that he wasted the money on the shoes.  Mom's pretty mad that she used her LAST blackmail secret about the electricity on these shoes, and I still don't have a book about me... or a movie.Medusa just laughs and laughs.  I gave her the shoes.  Maybe it'll save humanity looking in AWE at the shoes and not at her face.", "So, I was telling a friend I was being harassed by Superman so he sent me a lunk to these shoes. Now, I was skeptical at first. I had to black market my eldest son just to have enough to cover the costs and when I saw there was a special upgraded version I rushed back to the black market with my youngest son for half price to cover upgrade costs. I mean...its for protection from superman.No sooner than I had started to regret the selling of my children to turkish pirates on the black market did my shoes arrive. Not by usps or ups or fedex but on the inside of an asteroid that crash landed in my backyard. Upon approaching the massive crater it left I was bathed in a warm, glorious light and I heard the feint sound of harps playing in the distance. Laying there, on a bed of crushed diamonds laced with kryptonite was my magical foam shoes.I had barely had time to slide them on when I heard a surprisingly african american sounding voice from behind me...\"Aye, jive turkey, you done messed with the wrong m******ef mAan!\" and to my shock and awe when I turned to face the voice it was not only superman but he had brought Dolomite in a kryptonian war suit as his partner. Little did they know the crushed diamonds laced with kryptonite used as packing material for my magical slippers had left a fine coating of dust on my shoes so as Kryptonite Dolomite lunged forward I dipped to my right bringing up my left foot in a horse kicking motion, bashing Kryptonite Dolomites war suits helmet. He slumped to the ground, middle finger in the air and with his dying breath exhaled, \"Those gator shoes some baaaad m******ers mAan!\"At that exact moment I was clobbered from above by what was surely a mountain from the immense weight and pressure but as I looked up from the ground, magical shoes the only thing from me and being drill bitted to china, I realized superman had teabagged me. With a burst of adrenaline, embatrassed I had been super bagged, I swung the front tip of my shoe in an upward arcing motion and connected with superman in the groin area causing a mushroom cloud and sonic boom.When the dust settled supermans corpse lay broken and battered, my magical shoe atop his chest shining like a beacon of hope in a world of super alien, kryptonian tea baggery. Thank you Nike for helping me beat superman and Kryptonite Dolomite. I now have eyes set on world domination with youre shoes being my main tool of domination....MWAHAHAHAHAHA!!", "These shoes will inter-dimensionally teleport you to places to have never been before!  You will feel like you have god like powers with the power of these shoes!  Well worth the couple grand to mortgage your house for these awesome shoes!  Oh and I think they have WIFI built in them too.", "Built-in teleport function is great for escaping the crowds of people trying to burn me for wearing these blindingly hideous shoes.Would give 5 stars, but got herpes.", "These shoes are sooo sick.  Definitely worth selling all of my teeth, one of my eyes, and one of my lungs for.", "They just arrived in flawless condition.  Now I can't wait to put my fresh 22 ' s and the blinking lights... now who gonna stop me now.... I've saved all my paychecks for this ...", "The price tag can be intimidating, but these shoes contain the mysteries of the universe. Stare long enough at the ineffable cosmos imbued in the soft but sturdy man made uppers and you will be able see distant worlds, count the atoms in your body and create world peace. Sadly, all this mind-expanding power can cause brain aneurysms. Nike found that out the hard way in product testing. This was originally meant to be a shirt. To protect the public they made them shoes, since it is harder to stare at your shoes for hours at a time.", "I saved up 5 paychecks from my time in Kabul, Afghanistan. I survived a rocket attack and with the money I earned, paid for these shoes. My friends think I'm crazy, but I thought that these shoes would help me to jump over rooftops to safety in record time. So much for that house I was saving up for. Oh well - these shoes are worth it! The splattering of unicorn snot all over the upper sole create a magical walking experience.", "You're probably asking yourself if paying $2K for sneakers that look like a unicorn barfed on them is really the best possible way to use your hard-earned cash.  The answer is &#34;no.&#34;  I figured, heck, if a unicorn barfed on my sneakers, I'd probably have some special magical powers, and I'd be able to ski on rainbows or something.  But no.  They're just shoes.  I checked my own mortality by stabbing my belly with a butter knife and all it earned me was a trip to the ER.  Where does Nike get off selling shoes that don't convey magical powers or immortality on the purchaser if I'm spending 2 large?  Now I've got a pair of blood-stained shoes that I can't return (should really have taken them off before attempting the butter knife trick) and a major bandage on my belly and I'm still just a friendless loser who can't ski on rainbows.  What a rip.", "i traded my private jet for these and they was worth it now i feel like i'm in  a whole new Galaxy of comfort", "When I first held these magnificent shoes in my man hands, I just threw up; it was too much. Sadly, it was all over these new shoes. I figured, &#34;What the heck, I'll sell them to  museum as a hip new art piece.&#34; But even when smothered in vomit, the museum would not take it saying it was &#34;too expensive&#34; even covered in vomit! I shrugged it off and eventually gave it to a homeless man. The man was obviously a little out of it (that would explain the smell of marijuana) and started eating the shoes. He died of liver poisoning in the following 13 hours. The coroner kept mentioning &#34;baby's blood&#34; and &#34;Illuminati assassins&#34;. He kept using really big words like the previous ones. Suddenly! A bullet pierces the window and shatters the coroner's skull and his brains paint the wall behind him into a perfect Illuminati insignia. I ran to the nearest police station and recited my story. He looked at me with a wild stare and knew exactly what had happened and shouted into his radio, &#34;WE GOTTA CODE GREEN&#34; and shut all the windows and doors and triple locked them. He and his 6 deputies were heavily armed and handed me a pistol. &#34;Don't tell the authorities,&#34; he said.&#34;But I thought you were the authorities!&#34; I replied.&#34;Not anymore.&#34; He said with a grave look in his eyes. Immediately, he was downed by a rogue gunner and we were surrounded. Deputies kept falling and I was consistently blinded by gun smoke, blood and dissolved hopes and dreams. I was hit in the arm and was dragging myself to the back rooms when I was suddenly swept into the dark abyss that the trapdoor had hidden. Luckily, water filled the deep precipice and I was swept away by a roaring current. I went on for what seemed like days. I washed up on the shore of a rocky, subterranean lowland. I saw a mysterious shrouded man swept me up and I blacked out from hunger and dehydration. I awoke in a dark room full of machines and robotics and monitors. I knew exactly where I was. I was in the most awesome place on Earth. I was with Batman in the bat-cave. I told him my story and we agreed to save the world. We went up to the surface in our stealth suits. We saw the group of Illuminati assassins and went after them. We fought in a fiery tornado of fists and bullets. I knew after the dust settled that we had won. I looked to congratulate Batman but he laid dead on the floor. I accepted my role as Batman and here I am todaySincerily, Batman", "Don't be swayed by the swish on the side of these magical love boats, just hurry and introduce me to the man who's sporting these in size 14 (wiDe)!!!!!!!!!!!  Woo-hoooooooooo! I'm so flushed thinking about it I can barely make the word minimum. Do they have any $2000 fans anywhere on this site? Mercy!!!", "Selling one out of the pair. I only need one shoe, as I only have a single arm and leg remaining.", "I bought these thinking Unicorns and Rainbows would surely blow out my rear end every time I wore them.  They did not.", "Week after week Daniel Tosh is responsible for showing us what is truly high fashion. I take great pride in knowing that some day, Daniel Tosh will own a pair of these just like me! My dream is to be just like Daniel. As of right now we are not too far apart. I am not really funny, I am really pale, I have about as many youtube followers as he has sold seats for his comedy show (13 give or take a few), & we both created a failed cartoon... BRICKLEBERRY!!!!!!!!!Our differences? I love women. I own these sweet kicks while Daniel Tosh doesn't.#HighFashion", "If you're a savvy shopper like me, you'll spring for the $2500 upgrade and skip the base model pair.  For only an additional $600 bucks you get bragging rights that you spent $2500 on a pair of Nike's.  It's a no-brainer to me and if you don't buy them right now you're stupid and poor.", "You may ask yourself why as woman would want to buy men's Nike's over some Tommy Chi's but I couldn't miss out on feeling the complete universe my weary feet would be shrouded in. As a female I was able to collect the money a little easier then most, let's just say mom's basement became the red light district! I did have to lift mom's wallet for the shipping and handling but it's well worth it.Wearing these heavenly kicks make me feel like queen of the streets and these beauties help me duck out if I see one of my former &#34;johns&#34; at the grocery store (who knew the mayor shops for his own groceries). I just have to say, those sweatshop workers are very skilled, I suggest Nike toss them another five cents a week for pure talent.", "two weeks ago I was going to sell one of my kidney to buy a iphone 5s(gold), but after I saw this pair of sneaker online, I changed my mind. I am going to sell both of my kidneys to buy these beautys. now Im in the hospital looking at this foam. I can see my kidneys are flying in the galaxy. now I just have to wait until my body heal so that I can wear my foams on the street, I want people to know you can trade your ugly kidneys with these eye candys. Tell me your r jealous bro", "My son is at a stage where his foot is sometimes an 8 and other times a 9. I ordered this in a 9. These fit perfect and he loves them. They are also easy to clean when dirty.", "I love these shoes. They are very comfortable and well made. They are great when you have to go short distances and don't wont to bother with full shoes.", "I ordered this shirt for my husband to pair with the (Nike Air Jordan 1 Retro '94 &#34;Bobcats&#34; Mens Sneakers Grey/Orange/Blue) and it was a perfect match but since my husband is into body building, the fit was too small for his shoulders and they didn't have anything larger than 2X but if they did this would have worked perfectly because it really is a nice shirt.", "I am size 7 but i dont know why this shoes fits me big ., I think that were made as size 7.5", "I love these Nike running shoes!  They fit perfectly and support my feet very well when running.  Love the colors - great for summer!  I give them a &#34;5&#34;!", "shoes are great now for weights but could never run in them.  they are so stiff when you get them it took me a good month to get them to bend!  fun color,  like the look, now they are comfy - a bit heavy.  again i would never run in them but like them for other workouts.", "Dunks are the only sneakers I will buy & wear. I bought a burgundy pair last year and absolutely love them. The only reason I'm giving these 4 stars instead of 5 is because they're a bit tight. The burgundy ones (same size) are more roomy. I don't know why these are smaller but they are.", "I have owned a lot of Nike shoes over the years and I have to tell you these looked good, until I wore them then they just did not have that Nike feel.  In no more than 3 months the soul on the left foot began to delaminate.  After a little bit more there was a hunk of soul that tore off of the other foot. Now I am not hard on shoes.  The Nike Shoks I had before this lasted 8 years.  I used them on a treadmill daily.  This leads me to believe that these are counterfeit.", "The sneakers fell apart after two games of basketball, it seemed that the rubber was glued together!Horrible sellers!! I don't recommend you buy anything from them and to top it off I tried to contact them and nothing.Paid a lot of money for these shoes,they were a Xmas gift!!!! Not a happy camper", "My son showed me these boots on Amazon and wished he could have them because their awesome looking, so i went online without him knowing and order the boots. He loves the boots and said they fit perfect!", "sending these back for a full size up....my fiance wears an 11 in shoesm and other bots but everytime he gets Nike he has to go up one full ize...JUST FYI!  I didn't know  :(", "I love these sneakers fits good looks good can't go wrong with Bo Jackson's  some of the best sneakers out", "I love these socks there the best. So comfortable. They don't slip off my feet at Pilates. Great colors too!", "Very good shoe. I ordered the shoe because I always wanted a pair of flyknit chukkas. I wore them to school and received MANY compliments on them. I ordered them because of personal preference, but it is nice that a lot of people also like them.", "Lunar FlyKnit is one of the most comfortable running shoes I've ever owned in my life I love the way it grips my forefoot and cushions my high impact landings.While I consider this particular model of the Lunar Fly Knit shoe line more of a fashionable sneaker ( for sneaker enthusiasts like myself ) than anything, else it would make a great running shoe.", "my son loved it and i was impress when i saw it the weight is so light and the color is perfect.....no complains at all beautiful shoe", "The most comfortable workout shoe I have ever used and I highly recommend them. Nike is the way to go...", "I know shoes are hardly perfectly matched, but these shoes doesn't seem symmetric when you look down on them. They are nice to look at, but attracts dirt easily.", "I'm really happy with my purchase ...thanks alot..it was easy and fun.will be back in the future to get other stuff ..", "Sweet nice shoes they fit really nice and no one else in saint Louis has them I like em alot", "there fit my feet good i will be buying a next one soon but i do like them i had to pay border force and that was 27.22", "A very comfortable and stylish shoe. I never had a problem with the way Nike's fit, so its my first shoe of choice. This also was my first purchase of the air force style. Im rock these with some dark and some light wash denim slim fit jeans. That's tight as I will go. The jeans will show off the sleekness and the colors of the shoe. I will definitely buy another pair in a cool style not the all white I'm accustomed to seeing.", "Love these shoes. I can always find what I'm looking for on eBay. FitznKickz rocks. Will be back for more", "These shoes are sick I love the colors and still haven't seen anybody with them so it makes me like theme even more", "Got these for my husband and he loves them! Fit great and they look great! He is very happy with his new shoes", "Beautiful sneakers and they feet my feet wonderfully. With the amount of walking I do these shoes feel good on my feet.", "I love them. They are so comfortable. I would definitely recommend these cute comfy sporty shoes. They fit true to size.", "The show arrive on time , but there was a small yellow notsh on the base in the left pair, it didn't get clean by water .", "Fit well.  I get lots of compliments from people at work that they like my shoes, even strangers will compliment!", "Went to all the sneaker stores at mall, no one carried this color. Love the sneaker,  feels a little big but otherwise fine", "Don't get confused by the incorrect product description &#34;Dark Navy&#34;. The photo showed a pair of red suede trainers. These are more of a purple/raspberry color. Still great looking but not the red we were hoping for.", "Nike t-shirts do not retail for $58.99, let alone kids tees.  Inflating the suggested retail price to make it appear that the product is heavily discounted is misleading and dishonest.  A quick overview of Great Products Now's offerings indicates that this is standard practice with this company.", "Very please with the KD slides. Love the comfort to feet after a workout. I wear mine mainly after the gym and exercise but I recommend these to anyone who seeks comfort and of course a KD fan! Good luck", "it's perfect to use after playing basketball. I don't need another tennis. Really nice and comfortable fits as I expect.", "I like big butts and I cannot lie you other brothers can't deny that when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waist and puts a round thing in your face you get sprung", "the shoe is really nice looks just like the one in the picture, and it fit the way I wanted it, nice shoe all around.", "I absolutely love these shoes!! They have a dark mysterious feel to them. I was pleased all around with these kicks", "My son wanted those shoes and I agreed to buy them for his birthday, although I thought they are expensive... I would never buy anything that costly to myself... Anyway, order and got them 3 days later and he is happy so I yes I recommend your services. Thanks!", "My son bought these shoes and he.love them. He says they feel great and look amazing. This us his second pair, but wonders why skateboard shoes squeek when hr walks.", "Loved the sneakers the fit was great they are very comfortable and would purchase again... would recommend a great price and fit.", "After reading other reviews I purchased a pair half a size larger than usual and the boots are very comfortable. I am very happy with them, they provide good support and a nice fit.", "First off, I wear 8.5 in sneakers.. I always get boots in 8 because they tend to run larger. These were no different, though, more snug than usual.  Still a perfect fit.  They are very uncomfortable at first wear (only wore it once, yesterday).  The bottom soles are very soft and comfortable.  When I actually went outside and started walking, the pain came in.  The pain is from the top inside of the shoe(where the tongue lays).  The inner materials are really hard and hurts.  Maybe I should have worn thicker socks, but there are my first pair of nike ACG boots that are really painful inside.  I hope it gets softer with wear.", "No where as good as 2013 model. Not sure if its real. Fits OK but does not have the comfort and cushioning of 2013 model. Is it a real NIKE?", "Shoe are a little tight but very comfortable to walk on.  I will see how well they are used and last.", "Watch out the problem is not the size but the height of the inside toe or tip maybe for a lady they are ok but i don't think any lady would wear size US 13 Don't buy on line, go to a store and try them. All other characteristics are great nice design and ultralight weight it is a pity  the designers use other brand of tennis.", "these shoes were awesome! loved them! at first glance was not sure, but once on my feet, loved them !", "good~ ! !Nike Men's Air Max 2014 Night Factor/Blk/Atmc Orng/Vlt Running Shoe 9.5 Men...Nikefit as expected. very good.", "I have had 4 pairs of air max since 2012 and I bought my 5th pair based on the comfort I was given. This pair I can't wear for more than a few hours as my toes are crammed and rub / bruise my toes. I have put a good 20 hours of use into these with hopes they would stretch out which hasn't happened. My last pair of shoes were asics. The asics are lighter, and honestly more comfortable. A noticeable amount more cushion in the sole of the shoe and a springy ness factor. I will probably buy another pair of air max's down the road only to wear when going out based on the &#34;wow&#34; factor. I will never buy another pair for an every day / running shoe as for the $$, asics and new balances hands down have shown me they out perform the nike 10 fold.  Very disappointed with the performance. I might as well have ran out of gas in my car, with a flat tire and stranded in a snow storm with a dead cell phone and 20 miles from the nearest person for help.", "These shoes look nice but are very hard along the sides and top.  I thought they would loosen up as I wore them, but they have not.  I should have returned them in exchange for a softer pair of shoes.", "I bought these on Sunday looking for a replacement for my everyday shoes. I have a defect in my feet that has caused me to suffer from a lot of pain in the ankles and in the knees, so I have to wear comfortable shoes all the time(it's nothing serious, I play basketball and soccer on a regular basis).I've only worn them since yesterday and I'm already really impressed by the comfort and pain relief that I'm experiencing. Just trying them on feels great and I could feel a huge difference walking with these shoes. I really recommend them for people suffering from knee problems. I'm very satisfied overall.", "fast shipping nice shoes my new NIKE Air Max 2014 Men's Running Shoe, Purple, US9.5Nike, thanks i'm happy thanks again", "Got these at Champs because they were a little cheaper than Amazon plus they have my size 13 and the dark grey/orange color. Man these fit awesome and it feels like you're walking on a trampoline. I would say the quality is well worth the $190.00 that I shelled out. If you can, buy these-oh and thank me later! :)", "I love the shoes I love the color but I guess the 2014 style is a little bit bigger than the 2013 because the 10.5 I ordered are the size of W.W. I I  battleships. I need to send them back now and hope to get.a size 10 c'mpn amazon and shoe zoo I hope you will exchange them for the correct size.", "Shoes fit as expected and they are very comfortable. The Nike Air Max series is very well supported and the shoe is light.", "Popped sole after about10 minutes. This was walking on the grass...may want to wear these only in your sleep. 160$ should last longer than 10 minutes, but returned the shoes no questions asked. You will never get that type of customer service ANYWHERE. Look great...Just don't wear them...", "Love them they look great they are extremely comfortable. They are expensive but I think they are worth it. Recommended", "I've run in the Nike Air Max for years.  I've tried almost every brand out there, but these work for me.  Super comfortable right out of the box.  The price is certainly on the high-end, but you're not gonna run much if your shoes don't work for you.  As with any Nike product, go up at least 1/2 size.", "They are overpriced, for sure, but I hae been hooked on the Air Max since 2011 and will continue to buy them every year until somethig else proves better...", "i bougth Nike Men's Air Max 2014 about two month ago and it is breaking. so i can understand beacuse i dont use very often,  and i see you are crashing on the side  of the shoes,  I think it is a defect of the shoes.", "I started to GPS myself with a nike+ gps watch because I noticed the heels of my Nike AirMax shoes kept deflating/breaking after just a month or two of use.  After just now having my third pair THIS YEAR fail on me I must warm you that the heels in these shoes cannot handle the pounding!  Don't believe me? Here's pictures I tweeted the last two times they failed:[...] - shoe failed after 117miles, confirmed by the Nike GPS watchand before that:[...]Shoe actually at the 202 mile mark (also nike GPSed), not 288 as noted in the overly-generous tweetDO NOT BUY THIS MODEL!  THE SHOES FAIL CONSISTENTLY before the treads start to wear down!", "So I got them, they fit comfortable, but nothing more different than my cheaper fitting sneakers. These are the most I have ever paid for a pair of sneakers, and I really don't see or feel the hype. Cool colors, but really cheaply made. Scared to get them wet because I see them falling apart.", "Im disappointed the 11 size wasnt like the 11 in the airmax 2013 :(i always wear 11 in nike now im affraid from the online shopping again", "Too expensive.  Not worth it.  Heavy, bulky, and uncomfortable.  They don't fit.  Air poackets are a gimmik.  Should have spent half the money.", "It's amazing to me that people still buy this brand. In the past few years, quality has disintegrated. They don't even bother to sew on the logos or designs any longer, they are simply painted onto the fabric. I'd be surprised if it cost Nike more than $5 to manufacture this.", "Perfect shoe....I love them.  Fast shipping.  Great price.  I plan on getting more in different colors.  Very comfortable shoe to own.", "They are a bit heavier than I anticipated. But, overall very comfortable. I have received many compliments on how nice they look.", "The color is better then picture. and the feel is super. I have always used Air Maxs for the gym but this one is superior", "Ive had alot of nice pairs of shoes in my time, and I can say that these are the best pair ive ever had. They look amazing.. They fit perfect.. and they are sooooo comfortable.... Amazing pair of shoes", "Nice brand nice design. Light weight shoes good for cross training and lite outdoor sports. Also good with casual get-up. 5-stars for you dude!", "My Husband loves them they fit him perfectly buys them every year a new style comes out very comfortable and stylish", "Amazing fit .. for looks & comfort this shoes is in a class of its own .. very expensive but worth it", "It's perpect fit as expected. I liked very much, those are fit my feet. and it is very comfortable for jogging.", "Shoe is nice. They look real good and have a great feel.  The shoe is however a bitLarger than expected.", "It is a wonderful colours. I love them. It is very difficult to get this mode; anywhere.Everybody who sees them they ask me where can I find another?", "These shoes are excellent. I am quite content.I would recommend them to anyone looking for a solid running shoe with excellent cushioning and stability.", "I love air max shoes been wearing them for years, the colors are fun and spring like. I get complements every where I go literary.", "It 's very nice and fancy. this is gift for my friend, she love's it. So i'm happy too. hhhhh", "I saw particular shoes online...did a Google search...narrowed down shoe on Amazon...transaction went smoothly & I got the exact shoes that I wanted...I'm very happy! :-D", "Back in 2011 I bought Nike Air Max and they felt so comfortable the first time I ran and worked out in them.I have bought Nike Air Max 2012, 2014 and they are getting worse.  there isn't enough arch support as there was in the 2011 model.My toes are in pain. I wake up at night in pain.  My arches and my calves hurts while I run. So I can't run at my target speed.  I can feel the lack of arch support as compared to the 2011 model.  I have to check if I can return them.From my experience adding additional store bought cushioning messes up the foot landing form.", "Always pleased with the Air Max and the 2014 version is no different.  Perfect fit, comfort and durability.  Love them!", "I like 'em!  The fit, are comfortable and I expect to get a lot of use out of them.  Amen", "This Nike shoe provides a great fit, support and great comfort. Totally happy with this shoe! It feels molded to my foot!", "Love the sneaker , very comfortable .. Look is stylish ..I would recommend the sneaker. Good buy even though the price is high but worth it. Delivery was awesome . In 2 days !", "I have to wear custom orthodics in my shoes but these are still uncomfortable to work in for 8 hours a day standing on my feet all day. I also bought New Balance that are grey it took only a week to break them in.  The nike does have a Wonderful cushie insole that comes with it!!! I just can't work in the shoe without my orthodics insoles.", "Purchased half size larger than normal as that is how Nike fits.  I have purchased many versions of this shoe over the years.  I am pleased that this is a great, comfy, cushioned ride without looking like a &#34;moon boot!&#34;  I got so many compliments the first day!  Guess it was that electric pink!  I recommend undoing the very top lace on this shoe.  It will allow a more comfortable bending of your foot when walking.  I have back issues and these were superb.  If in doubt, go to a store and try on so you know what size works best for you.  Then get them here because I saved 75 dollars!  Thanks, Amazon!", "size that I need as expected is good, prices as compared to others are really fair-keep it on guys and I love your store on line", "I absolutely loved the shoes but they were too small! I sent them back! I reordered the 9s and love them! They are super comfortable.", "This pair of Nike air max 2014 running shoes wear very comfortable, bright colors, walking in the street is very eye-catching, walk for a long time without feeling the fatigue of the feet.", "I use these shoes for walking. I am a sixty-two year old woman who walks 5-7 miles daily, sometimes a little more and occasionally a little less (if my feet are aching). I tend to get a few more aches and pains than when I was younger and sometimes I get aches and pains in my feet, probably because I walk so much. I have had a few broken bones in my feet and wrists, but no really severe broken bones, so I am not sure if that is a contributing factor, or just that I am getting older and walk so much. Some mornings I do wake up with stiffness in my hands, so I may have some minor arthritis due to having had broken bones in the past. I had been wearing the Merrell Moab shoes, which worked well for a while, though they were heavy. Then, I got a knot on the bottom of my foot in the arch area and also a pain on the top of my foot down the left side. I decided to go back to a lighter pair of shoes. In the past I had worn some very lightweight Merrell running shoes which were very comfortable, but I did tend to get a callous area on the outer edge of one of my feet  on the side where my little toe is. I went to Dick's and saw the Nike Flyknit 4.0 shoes and tried them on and instantly loved them. The knit material on the top of the shoe hugs and conforms to your foot giving support but is not at all constrictive. Nowhere does the shoe rub against the skin so it is a shoe that is not blister causing. The bottom of the shoe is very flexible and bends with your foot but also has very good arch support, or does for my foot anyway. I bought the pair at Dick's and paid $20.00 more for them than these shoes cost. They relieved my foot pain instantly when I started wearing them. After walking about 20 miles in the pair I got from Dick's Sporting Goods, I ordered these from Amazon.com and saved myself $20.00. I figured it would be good to have two pairs. They are so lightweight. It is amazing how much more energy that I have since switching back to a light-weight pair of shoes. I think my foot really benefits from the more flexible sole and my balance also feels better with the lower heel of the shoe. I find that as I am getting older my balance is not as good as my younger years and a lower heeled shoe makes me feel more stable with a better center of balance. So far, these shoes are working great for me. Hope they continue to work well. Will need to look for a warmer version for winter wear though, because the knit material I do not think will be warm enough for winter wear.", "All I know is my daughter loves the shoe so I do not have any complaints.  I just got a big hug and a huge smile.", "My daughter was happy with this nice snickers. The delivery date was a time and everythings was ok. Beatiful and confortable shoes.", "I really love these shoes. The are so comfortable and very cute with skinny jeans & capris . They're real Nike and not a knock off. The only problem I have is that they are furry. I thought it would be just a print but it's actually like a fur print. This is going to make them hard to clean if I get something on them. I still love them though and get tons of &#34; OMG I love your Nikes!!!&#34;", "My daughter wanted another pair of Nike running shorts. The price was good and she likes the print. But these Livestrong shorts are much shorter and other Nike running shorts she has.", "They wanted to charge me to ship the shoes back ,had to email them and tell them why should I have to pay for shipping ,when in the  &#34;About this item&#34;said nothing about they run really small,so be aware they run small a 8.5 is really like a 7 size shoe,but they are making it right now ,after I had to email them about it.hope I can get my money back quick .........", "If you have wide feet these are not the shoes for you.  These KD Nikes run really narrow and are not really true to size.  The only reason I didn't send them back is because it would take too long.  I do wear from time to time but they are really snug. My advice order a half size bigger. I would not purchase another pair. They are not worth the price.", "I love these shoes how ever UPS need to get stuff right or hire better and smarter drivers other then that everything is SWEEEEEEET", "The shoes are great but did not come with the sport sensor kit as advertised which is a huge disappointment.", "Love everything about the shoe! Gets alot of compliments whenever I wear them! I am looking for more colors of this shoe.", "LOVE LOVE LOVE the shoes !!! they are going to be traveling everywhere with me !!! let the compliments begin,lol :)", "This pair of shoes is very good, that is relatively easy to dirty, cleaning too often, but he was very nice.", "The shoes fit perfectly which was surprising. i definitely will consider you on my next purchase. Thanks for the product.", "These are great shoes. The shoes fit well and are very comfortable. I am very pleased with the purchase .", "I picked the rating  based on my son's level of excitement when we received the soccer booth. He says that it the type he saw on mercy. He gone for a soccer camp/competition today with the soccer booth.", "I feared that the durability wouldn't be great because of the looks, but the cleats performed great. I'm really happy with these and looking foward to buying more.", "Arrived when said they would, and fit great...  just in time for next weekend games...  well packaged, will order again", "These are the cleats that my son really wanted but they started to lift and separate at the toe part after only 2 practices and 2 games... Very disappointed! Not a good cleat.", "My son (9y) tried all the other nike soccer shoes price range $25~$50 at SportAuthority. (Only nike as nike sponsor his team.) anyway, this is the only shoes that he did not complain about width. he has slightly wider feet. He loves the extra softness around toe as well. it seems this shoes is wider than other and well padded.", "I'm used to wearing men's soccer shoes given how limited the supply for women's shoes is. However, these 7.5 size shoes were narrow and didn't have much give. I opted to keep the black leather version of this shoe, as it stretched and was more pliable. If you have normal to narrow feet, and are a true 7.5/women's 9, then these would probably work for you.", "After going through an expensive pair of Asics in 3 months, a coworker suggested Nike Air Max. I checked the reviews for this item before making my decision. I am very happy with my choice. I always use gel insoles in every shoe I wear and with these Nike Air Max it feels like I'm walking on clouds.", "I have over 12 pairs of sneakers/tennis shoes/trainers - this is my FAVORITE.  It is the most comfortable pair and the most handsome. It is mostly black, gray, and white - with just a touch of RED.  WHAT'S NOT TO LIKE.  I promise you, the clerks in the shoe stores will want to know WHERE THE HECK DID YOU GET THAT?!", "Nice cleats but like any other athletic shoe the front runs a little narrow. Overall nice cleat. Has nice ball control", "I had bought my first pair of good shoes about two and a half years ago, those being the T90 Lazers. I had absolutely loved the fit and feel when passing, although the shots with the shoes took a little getting used to. Unfortunately, I tore a few of the cleats off the base plates when doing some step overs and had to get another pair. Since nike no longer makes the T90 line, I decided to try out the Hypervenoms and I could not be happier with the shoe.Things to note:* The top of the shoe is very thin, some players complain about this, but I for one am a fan* Since the top is thin, your foot will get under the ball a little more, so adjust for harder shots to avoid skying the ball* These shoes are VERY grippy, be ready for the ball to stick to the shoe a little more on quick touches and skill movesAll in all, great shoe that I would recommend to anyone who's serious about their game!", "Sent the wrong but ended up liking them anyway.  Ordered the black shoe but got gray ones instead.  They fit well though.", "MEET MY EXPECTATIONS 100 %, ARE COMFORTABLE, THEY FEEL SOFT AND ARE precious. HE WAS dubious ABOUT THE SIZE WHEN THE Pedi, BUT SOMEONE FIRST TRIED ON A PAIR PERFECTLY. THE RECOMMEND ARE BEAUTIFUL!", "The duel fusion Nike is very comfortable. I really recommend this one as it has the extra padding in the foot bed andyou can really feel the difference when you are on your feet a lot. It is totally supportive.", "They are comfy and lightweight. Lots of cushion, especially for the heel when jogging. Great for running errands or just plain running!", "Best running shoe I have ever worn.  It's like being on a cloud because there is plenty of cushioning. I liked them so much I bought 2 more pairs.  Sadly, the soles are wearing out and I need to replace them.  I just wish NIKE had not discontinued this shoe.  Now I am searching for a suitable replacement.", "I've been wearing the LunarEclipse for years now - both the 2 and 3 models - and love them. I've got high arches and used to wear arch supports in all my shoes. The LunarEclipse is supportive enough and flexible enough that my arch tightness has cleared up and I no longer need to wear additional supports.  I like the near all black look of the 4, but the cushion and flexibility of the shoe are no where near where the 2 and 3 are.  Sent 'em back and will buy the 3 instead.", "This shoes are very good! They're light and really nice for someone like me that works walking all the time, they're really comfortable, anyone that likes running shoes, this is a great choice!", "I am a stage hypnotist who performs a few hundred shows a year. My feet are always hurting because I need to wear cool shoes onstage and as we all know, cool shoes aren't usually comfortable. My bestie (who is on her feet a lot also for her work)  told me about the Nike Dunk Sky HI sneakers and I was excited to try them. The heel is hidden, they make your feet look great and if that doesn't beat all, they are not only cool shoes, but they are actually REALLY comfortable! I just bought my third pair. I went up a half a size and I think it;s good advice", "Love these shoes they are extremely stylish but are definately not true 2 size, they are cut small & are very narrow.", "Disappointed in fit.  Run very small almost to the point of not wanting to wear them.  Major does not weigh much which is good.", "My older son loves this color. He has some socks to match. They fit true to size. Nice shoe color shoe.", "I haven't been able to put many miles on these yet. First impression is a positive one. The fit is good. The sole is firm right out of the box, but has softened slightly after the first run. I'm excited to run in them again.", "Super fast delivery...won't buy any other sneakers but these....just too big ...will buy another pair , just one size down !!!", "What can I say?  The &#34;cool&#34; kids in my son's class all have Nike socks with the design up the back, so I got these for my son.  He's worn them once that I know of, and now they have disappeared into the morass of his room.  I think he likes them, and would wear them more, if he could find them.", "I searched everywhere for this product in the colors to match a pair of shorts I have and sneakers. When I found it was too expensive and that was when I rarely found it, until I got it here at the right price and colors.", "i like the colors and the price.Nike  is a brand that im very familiar with With these colors they can be matched several different ways.", "My son is collecting every color of these socks! The purchase arrived promptly and are the quality one would expect from Nike.", "Kind of on the heavy size but that's minor. This is a good looking sandal. Colors are eye catching. Only time will tell if they hold up. Been two weeks and so far so good", "These shoes are amazing. Very well made and the colors are great. My grandson loves them. The latest styles are certainly colorful. This seller is very good", "THESE MID ONES ARE AWESOME ,,THEY LOOK SO COOL AND FIT WELL ,, I WILL ORDER OTHER COLORS AND SOON", "Fits well, comfortable.  I used them for working out and style, very happy! Highly recommend these, you won't be disappointed", "I bought it for my dad as a present and he didnt have to break them in to walk in them for a very long time. High quality material as expected from Nike, comfortable to wear and matches with almost all clothing style.", "Very cool shoes and the color is fantastic. My son has the red and purple and he likes these better.", "I usually don't wear running shoes but needed some new ones. These shoes are very comfortable. They're even great for wide feet. I wouldn't suggest wearing thick socks. I definitely recommend these shoes for walking and running.", "I have purchased 15-20 pairs of Pegasus 29's and I have never seen this style of that model.  Look really different from what I have been buying.", "I bought this as a gift & he loved it..it fits perfectly & he said it felt comfortable.was a good buy..", "Great Fit. Light. With enough stability for tennis , and yet light and comfortable for running and cross fitting.great value for my money.", "I have tried many other top brand tennis shoes. Nike Air Vapors are the best! They are the only shoes that seem to negate the infamous break-in period. I only wish that I could have found another color. I like darker colors because I also wear them at work as well as playing tennis with them because they are so comfortable. These almost fluorescent hued red shoes attract dirt and comments at work and from my tennis partners that go something like this... &#34;Wow, I could see you coming a mile away.&#34; Don't get me wrong, I like to distract my tennis partners... My game needs all the help it can get, but co-worker jabs are a different story! Lol! Well, Mr. Federer, hopefully the decision on fashion and color with Nike execs you made probably last year for next years tour color will be toned down a bit. All that being said, not even the &#34;Rave Party&#34; neon theme could keep a 50 something tennis hack from ignoring the great quality of this shoe. By the way... If there good enough for arguably the greatest tennis player to ever play the game, then there good enough for someone with a zillionth of a fraction of Rogers talent! Lol!", "Great touch and speed and my daughter loves the cool colors.  Upper covering is a significant improvement over the Mercurial VIII silky texture for better control.", "It feel kind of tight It seems more as a women size shoes  but stretchout after a while over the use", "First let me start by saying I love this shoe, it was a wonderful fit, and not only that, my shoes arrive two days before it should, which was fantastic, I would be using this server again.", "Excellent comfortable and ask him again .. It's a practical and wonderfulIt's beautiful and gorgeous color..  nice very nice", "However, one negative, the blue tip at the bottom of the toe of the shoe started to come off in the first day or wearing them. But it hasn't fallen off yet!", "Light weight and comfortable.  Great running/walking shoe.  This shoe was always out of stock at Kohl's, Sports Authority, etc.  Got it right away on Amazon.", "I'm on my fourth pair of these shoes since 2012. They are the best trainers on the market, in my opinion. No gimmicks, no nonsense, just a great fit and a high-quality shoe. The insole molds to your foot after a few runs, guaranteeing the most comfortable fit possible. They are light and cool, and yet still hold up to high mileage running. I have nothing bad to say about these shoes.Amazon shipped promptly and had these shoes at the lowest price I could find. My whole experience was great. Thanks!", "I am pretty happy with these shoes. They look great, are lightweight and most importantly are comfortable to play in.", "These are the best fitting sneakers I ever bought. I was very happy with my nike sneakers. it is a must buy and very comfortable.", "Decent quality textiles, sturdy enough for an infant, three to six months or so.  Not sure why it comes with the cell phone plug, but whatever.", "I bought size 9 on my first pair of janoski shoes, now I bought 9.5 and feels a lot better. minimizes break in time, far more durable than Vans specially on the side of the shoes where it folds still glued to the suede.", "Really nice sneakers,  Air Force 1s always run a little big, if your a size 10 you will be comfortable in 9.5s", "This is my 2nd pair of the exact frame.I got them for my prescription glasses.Fits my face and head just right.Very comfortable and well balanced.First pair I got at the eye doctor's office. The bridge broke after 2.5 years due to metal fatigue fracture. This is why it's not 5 stars. I had expected it to last longer.Despite that problem, I still wanted the same pair  because they are so comfortable for me. Since my doctor no longer carry them in their office after 2 years, so I had to search on line for the exact same ones. Went to several websites and finally found these listed on Amazon. I got rid of the +1 reading lenses and went to the local optometrist to fill my prescription and still end up paying less than what I would have been charged at the doctor's office.", "First of all make sure you order 1/2 size smaller than what you normally wear in Nike.  With that out of my system this is the best tennis shoe I have ever worn and as a competitive tennis player, tennis coach, and tennis equipment expert, I have wore a lot of tennis shoes.  If you like medium to narrow shoes similar to previous courtnallistec versions, breathe cage, some versions of vapor, barricade 7 or even the adizero feather, you will love the fit of this shoe.  The shoe is easy to get in to without having to undue the laces yet it stills feels secure.  For tennis just tighten the laces slightly and the shoe will feel like it's custom for your feet.  And yes it's also the best looking tennis shoe ever.", "Finally Have the Nike Air Max 90  GS 2007.I have been looking off and on for these and saw them at different prices to compare. I  saw them at a store unexpected and jumped on it and was happy that they had them in a size 6! I tried them on and my feet slipped right into them. But they seem a bit large but not extremely.They are comfortable and I have room in the toe area, the 'toe box&#34;, which is very important so there will not be any toe crunch. A very comfortable to walk in and run. I walk a lot and I need comfort. The sneakers are very stylish and nice color scheme with the  dark blue, white ,light blue and pink. I paid much less than the price I saw on Amazon that a seller was selling them for.", "When these first came out I was in high school. Couldn't afford them. More than 15 years later they are remade and the best part is, they're everything I hoped they would be. Beautiful, comfortable and with a cushioned sole that only nike can make", "I love it the look, reminds me of the old days. These shoes are so comfortable and looks so hip.", "These shoes are really sharpe looking and they give you 2 sets of shoe laces.  They give you the white & blue ones thats on the pic and then they give you a solid blue pair.  They are also good shoes to play basketball in.", "I love these shoes, I'm a weekend warrior when it comes to basketball and these shoes are great they have cushion and support in all the right places, and as I get older I really appreciate it.", "I would recommend this cleat to other lacrosse players as they are comfortable and have a good traction while cutting and running on the field. I liked that they were lightwieght and came in many different colors to match your style. So not only did the feel good they made you look good too. They allow me the flexibility I need to move quickly while still providing good support. I have worn Hauraches for the last 3 years previously I wore under armour which I did not like.", "Incredible! is very confortable shoes. The most lightly and beautiful shoe in the world.i love it. thank you very much", "...for kids!  This is nothing more than a fashion shoe.  Unfortunately, my son has several pair of these shoes (courtesy of his father) and I just think it's an overall poor shoe, especially for kids.  Assuming it's made of leather, it's got to be the cheapest of cheap.  The tongue of the shoe rubs against my son's foot, so there can be no real playing around (definitely no basketball play) in these shoes, which defeats the purpose!  There's no inner support/cushion, for the sole of the foot.  And the shoe strings are short (don't kids still double knot shoes?).  I have noticed darkening/irritation on my son's feet, from these shoes.  I absolutely HATE these shoes, for my son & I have just told his father not to buy our child another pair of these shoes!!!  I cannot recommend these shoes.", "It was a gift and he loves the color and how it fits it looks better than the picture thanks", "WOW, you must want a truly VIBRANT attention getting pair of sneakers , well these are it.Great sneaker , the color is exceptionally brilliant , well worth the price.I know they will be what I go for  when I have a Clambakes,outdoor party's , travel.There a great sneaker so far", "I thought the nines would be big enough because I wear a none in women's but they are a little small but I love them anyways", "The inner sole is a bit slippery. They are a nice silvery color. They are comfy and won't turn my feet black but I will need to get used to walking with the slippery surface against the soles of my feet.", "I have 4 pairs of these shoes in different colors. They are THE most comfortable shoe I have ever owned. I wore them to Epcot and had them on the entire day. My pedometer said I'd walked almost 11 miles. My feet never hurt. I was comfortable the entire day. If you have ever spent a day at Disney on your feet you know how amazing that is. The padding made all the difference. I highly recommend these shoes for style and comfort. I get lots of compliments on the different colors.", "Great fit.  Like most running shoes, size up 1/2 size.  Support is amazing. Love wearing them just walking around town.", "I AM Addicted!!The best way for me to feel like I am wearing a heel since my foot accident!Cute, Comfortable, Stylist, Flirty an Oh so fashionable!!", "I love this shoe, I normally wear a 8 1/2, but I order 9 and it was a perfect fit.", "Love the look of these shoes! Received a lot of compliments, but the are a bit narrower than I had expected. Kind of feels like you're walking in heels.", "Good color to wear in the spring is the point.Heel height is suitableIn addition, I want to buy", "I bought my sister as a gift.really beautiful, cute!but...Prices went down $20 in two weeks to order.Just wait If you want to buy the shoes.Who knows?2 weeks later the price will go down again.", "I love them. .they are very comfortable and girly.I love Nike dunk's ..I like they added a wedge to make them more feminine. I will be buying more...Thank you.", "Super cute.... everyone love them. Whatever size you wear order a half size up. Looks great with jeans and leggings.", "i received it on time and i loved them the first time that i purchased them. my daughter loves them and even my best friend says that they are hot!!!! i love them.", "They look great. They fit a little snug cause I have wide feet and no arch. But they eventually molded to my feet and I love them.", "I love this shoe BUT I want slightly different color pattern.designing the airmax 90 on Nike ID was out of my budget and I got these for $111 bucks. After two months of wearing these , they are getting trashed. I try hard to take care of them and wash them in the sink with a sponge every couple days. I had some chinese knock offs that squeaked with every step I would take and I hated it. I now have a squeaky noise with my 2 month old pair that are the real thing from amazon.it started suddenly a week or two ago as I was walking fast down the street.every step is annoying.", "I am not an expert at buying shoes. I have always worn Pumas. This is my first pair of Nikes. Here are my thoughts:Fit: They do feel like a sock and it took a bit of effort to slip into this shoe. But once your'e in, the fit is great. They are snug at the ankle. Thus, if yours are a little wide, they will feel tight. I did not need to 'break' in these shoes, they were good to go since the moment I purchased them. I actually wore them the same day I did and intense workout. I did not feel discomfort at all.Material: The fabric is comfortable. It did not itch against my skin, even after I had a full 1.5 hour workout. The material is breathable so when I took my shoes off I did not encounter sweaty feet.Size: I read reviews here and at other websites that the shoe ran small. I am between a 6.5 and 7. I disregarded the reviews and thought well I always end up sizing at 6.5 and rarely at 7. So, I'll go with 6.5. Well I almost ordered the 6.5 but I decided to go to the store and check for myself. See, I have never owned a pair of Nikes, this is my first as I have transitioned from the Puma brand. Anyway, I went to the Nike store and tried on both. The 6.5 was so tight I barely got my foot in and my toes stuck out through the fabric. I tried the 7 and at first they felt a little big but once I started walking in them I felt like my foot adjusted and the size 7 was the right choice.Durability: I only recently purcahsed this pair of shoes. But a friend of mine who has owned nothing but Nikes since forever said that the flyknits he's had are really good for the gym as opposed to running because the tread on the shoe will start to wear quickly if you run in them a lot, whether around town or on a professional track. Only time will tell.Other: I researched 5.0s vs. 3.0 and I really wanted a 3.0 shoe because the lighter the shoe the better your lift workouts will be is what I am told because you won't put too much strain on your feet. I was surprised to find that the 5.0 is pretty light. I believe it's right around 6.0 oz. But, I had no problem working out with these. My feet did not hurt at the end of the long workout which included lifting and plyometrics. I also did experience any slipping especially when doing weighted lunges or plies.Color: Well not much can be said about the black pair I purchased. But, if you care about being color coordinated, yu will be dealing with a pitch black color. So those, &#34;black&#34; leggings or capris won't look that dark against these shoes.", "I am giving these a try again because my grandson who is 14 loves them, but I have to tell last year we bought a pair and the split at the seam. I am praying this does not happen again because these soccer cleats are not cheap!!", "My son is a BIG Kobe Bryant fan. And when I saw this babckpack, I just had to get it for him. No one at school has it and they keep asking him where he got it from! They can find the blue and black on line, but not this one, he likes being original. Only on Amazon!", "My teenage son loves this bag! It's very durable. It washes up really nice.It is kind of pricey though, hopefully my son with have it for the rest of his high school years.", "This bag is by far the best book bag I have ever owned. It has a sleeve for my laptop, and plenty of space for all my other books and other miscellaneous items. It is very comfortable and I am constantly getting compliments on the color and style of the bag.", "I gave up on Nike running shoes years ago because they no longer fit my pretty average-sized female feet. It actually hurt to run in them. After a long hiatus, I tried these Nikes when a friend recommended them. They're outstanding! Very lightweight and snug, but not tight. Very minimalist, meaning not a lot of cushioning between my foot and the ground. I always thought more cushioning was better, but since I started using these, I no longer have knee pain after runs. My only complaint is that they seem to be discontinued! The newer versions of this shoe just don't fit me -- they're extremely tight to the point of discomfort. So I bought up a few extra pairs of the 4.0 V3 to keep me going for a while and I'll cross my fingers for the more distant future. But for now, I'm loving these shoes.", "Comfy. Work out 5-6 days a week doing various activities, spin, run, etc.. These shoes are a delight to my feet", "Love them. Just have more of a blue hint (versus silver) to them then i originally thought but I'll still make them work!", "As a mother who loves her shoes. I did not like the material the shoes were made out of. However, my sons loves the shoes and that is what matters.", "My Daughter got these for getting good grades...You should have seen the smile on her face when they got here a day early...Thanks Cali Shoes.", "My 12 year old loves them. I wish they were not as pricey, since he will tear up any shoe up quickly. They fit well and last longer than most others we have tried.", "This shoe is great. It provides excellent support. The cushioning is not the best. But I knew this from reviews I saw before buying it but it's actually better than I expected.", "Great shoes. Didn't need much breaking in and work as well on the streets as they do on the court.", "This shoe fits very tight in the toe area! I have had them stretched out so I can wear them comfortably.", "These shoes look good, fit well, and seem to be well-constructed.  A bonus is that they come with 2 sets of matching laces:  durable leather thongs that are pretty stiff (when new...they should become more flexible with use...I HOPE!), and round nylon ones.", "I brought these for my son and he is very happy with the fit and style. Also the extra laces was good as he swapped then over.Thanks", "I put them on and they fit perfect.  These are the shoes I was waiting for and the ones I expected.  I intend to wear these shoes regularly.", "I have a couple pairs of the 2012 model of this shoe, which I am completely in love with. So I ordered these in the same size. They are a little longer in size and have a &#34;sock&#34; in them that makes the fit just different enough to be noticeable. I'm a nurse and spend hours on my feet, but my feet and back don't feel those twelve-hour shifts when I've worn these shoes. I enjoy them...just a little warning for anyone who orders them for the same reason I did--you could maybe try half a size smaller than your 2012 pair.", "They fit well and feel nice out of fashion but i had no option i got a pair of Aiir Max 2014 were wrong manufactured or designed this is what happen when you go to China  maybe they are all right for Chinese feet  so be it make a recall and sell them all in china", "I am not impressed. It is not really red, more red/orange. It is made for women with little skinny arms. Feel stuck with it because I did not buy from Amazon. A lot to spend for a cruddy jacket. I expected more from Nike.", "The picture does not do these shoes justice. Very nice and quick shipping. More badass then I expected. There Jordans, what else do you expect lol.", "Was very happy to be able to get the bigger size (XL) in these socks.  They were needed for a cancer awareness night and so many players have feet over a size 10!", "These shoes are very nice but they come a little larger than what the size is. I have other shoes that are the same size and that's why I ordered theat size but these shoes were larger. Made a little to big.", "I'm walking on air, no only do they look good but they are very functional while I try and get back into shape!", "The material is clingy not your traditional tshirt. I love the saying but hate the shirt. I would not recommend", "I was a little concerned about buying these online, as I was told they run small.  They fit perfectly, and are vey comfortable.  I would suggest wearing thin socks with these - they are quite breathable and flexible, and you don't want thick heavy socks getting in the way of that.I love them so much I'm now looking for a pair for my boyfriend!", "I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THESE SHOES. I TRIED THEM ON AT A STORE BUT I DIDN'T LIKE THE COLOR THEY HAD AND SO BEGAN MY SEARCH ON AMAZON BECAUSE I KNEW I JUST HAD TO HAVE THESE. THE FIT IS EXCELLENT WHICH MAKES THE RUN ALL THE MORE BETTER. if YOU LIKE MINIMUS SHOES. YOU WON'T GO WRONG WITH THESE.", "Shoe looks like it had been worn once or twice. A few skid marks on random parts of the shoes. They aren't horrible but they don't look brand new. Disappointed for sure. Will be returning.", "I was mad that I couldn't wear that sneakers, I like them but the size was way to big.. I'm a size 7 and the shoes are also 7 but they very long and big.. I had to sell them to my sister..", "I got these for my daughter, perfect fit. True to size.  They look better in person , than in the picture .  Its a great buy in my opinion. Very cute and fashionable!!!", "I bought these shoes mostly for indoor running (which is what I would definitely recommend them for).Some downsides - they fit a little small for an 8.5 and have the tendancy to pull my socks down.Upsides - very light, comfortable, nice coloring", "I use these for walking, they are very comfortable.  Run a little big actually, usually I have to go down 1/2 size in Nike, but these were true to my actual size.", "Got these for my 10 year old daughter.  She loves them. They are very light weight.  Will be buying in different colors in the near future.", "my wife loves it. She asked me for a sport shoe, i searched a lot and she is very happy with !!! She loves the cushion and the style !!!", "It fits perfectly and it's very confortable. I'm going to use it to do my next marathon. In my opinion it's the best running shoes at the moment.", "They were a gift but the feedback i got from my sister is all positive. She loves them. I would recommend these and would buy them again.", "I normally wear a size 4 and sometimes a size 2 in jeans and dress pants. The size 4 I received first were way too small. I returned for a size 6. Even those are a little tight but I can manage. The fabric is soft with a slight stretch. The cut is nice. They are definitely more stylish than ordinary golf pants. I like them a lot. I just recommend going up a size.", "Comfortable fit all around. I was sceptic at first, because previos lebron's look bulky. This one hss a sleek look along with it's good performance.", "very good slide , i love it a lot its a lebron james sandal its nice and comfortable , i recommended it", "They are great shoes , fit to size as expected. So happy with my purchase. I would recommend this product.", "I am an adult male, 6-3 215lbs and I cant even get this on over my head. It is a child size. I wish it did fit !", "These shoes are great, they are slip on sneakers which caught me off guard. They are comfy, lightweight and so cute. I get a lot of compliments on them bc of the great color and black soles. I will be buying a second pair soon, that's how much I love them. Also shipping was very fast from this seller.", "These shoes are to fragile ripped laces and tore front of in one day skating horrible shoe if u want good janoski never get leather get gum souls and canvas.", "The Quality of these Air Force 1's are better than any other pair I have owned. I'm satisfied with my purchase.", "Ordered an 8.5 (as always) seems like I could have def fit an 8. Not a big enough issue to return-really, a cute sneaker!", "Got them for the hubby- Arrived fast- packaged nice- he loves them- I love them- Fit perfectly and he is a size 12.  Love All KD's", "Im very biased and partial with Nike, so its 5 stars all the time.!!!! Cant wait to hit the open courts again.", "I'm impressed with the fit and comfort of this sock.  The compression around the arch holds the sock in place so that the toe of the sock doesn't bunch up.  The tab at the heel is at the right height to provide protection from rubbing.  I like the &#34;right/left&#34; designation/fit.  I've tried a lot of different dri/fit socks; these are the best.  In addition, they look good with my Nike 5.0's.", "The Nike Men's Solarsoft Moccasin White/Black Training Shoe was a nice surprise. I wasn't expecting them to feel so comfortable. They look good and they give you a little extra room at the toe area and they were a good price. I've only worn them once so I really can't give any opinions on their durability yet. But I'm sure these won't disappoint.", "I normally run in Asics Gel Nimbus 15, but have been on the search for another shoe to switch off with. I think I may have found it in these shoes. Awesome cushioning which is what I need. I ordered mine a half size up for running and to be able to insert a custom orthotic and they are perfect. If you don't need them for either of those, they run true to size. Shoes have great support as well.", "I love it. very great product, Now I can carry my equipment for tennis or when going to the gym. Shipping was very fast. I recommend this duffel bag it is very well made and good mark.", "Great kicks but the price should of being $120. love the color and can find anything to go with it.", "I Love them so much my little guy wants a pair of those shoes I want to wear them all the time", "Sold out everyone and they had it in my size!! Came to my house BRAND NEW!!! My favorite Jordans ever!!", "I'm early 30's, 170lbs and fairly active. I have narrow feet and I use these for Zumba 3 times a week and long walks in between. I usually wear Nike Shocks or Asics as they provide a lot of cushion.These shoes do NOT provide a lot of cushion/shock. When I first tried them on, I thought I wouldn't like them, BUT they have phenomenal arch support, WAY more than any other shoe I have ever worn, it's super high arch. Great for me, but for someone who doesn't have a high arch I could see it being highly uncomfortable.For me they are comfortable. They hold your foot snugly, fit true to size. I always wear a 9.5 and the 9.5 is perfect. Getting used to the high arch took maybe an hour and after that I hardly notice.They are very cute and pretty precisely as shown, style and color...very cute, but they do have more of a rounded toe unlike the familiar point with some other athletic shoes. Nothing bad about it, just an fyi...They could be softer, but for the price and the style I'm happy. Someone with regular width feet and a lower arch wouldn't be as happy...watch out for that!", "Most comfortable running shoes I've ever worn!  Fits my foot perfect!I have narrow feet - and these are great!", "Shoe fit great was worth the wait to get them versus standing in line for them at the retail stores and the seller was excellent also", "I love KDs! They are light, clean easy, and affordable. These glow in the dark and helped channel my inner child.", "I took these out of the box, put them on my feet and spent five hours walking around a fair. There was virtually no break-in, they are comfy and a perfect weight (and they LOOK GREAT!). The traction is great as well. I am normally a 6.5, but that size was out so I took a chance with the 7 and they're prefect with a bit of ease and room.Definitely recommended!", "Love it color and design very comfortable shoe I'll recommend to a friend to go buy a pair this is a Dc tradition", "My right shoe was tight on my big toe and the inner sock rubbed against my ankle.  It was uncomfortable.  I normally wear a 9.5, my next pair will be a 10.", "It's a nice product and comfortable, but a little beat small, I wear it in the UK people want to cut my feet off with their eyes every were I go.", "This shoe was a birthday gift for my son. They are his favorite pair of shoes. We knew they ran small so we ordered a 1/2 size larger than his actual size for a perfect fit.  I indicated that the product fit somewhat small so others would know this.  Great shipping as always, great price for this premium shoe.", "I copped these the week of the release. They're definitely a sleeper shoe. How do I know? I almost slept. LOL! One of the best looking colorways to come out in the foams in a while.The volt really sets these off, and the subtle camo is really sick. These look great on feet, and I didn't have a break-in period like most foams. (great fit) My suggestion, cop 'em while they're still on shelves. They may just end up classics like the Dirty Coppers, Royals, or Crimsons. Hope this helped.", "There Jordans. If you have Jordans thats all i have to say. Jordans are always a pleasure to wear. Great support and comfort.", "I bought this for my birthday present, but when I first got this product, the box and swingman logo look little awkward than usual NIKE kicks.", "somewhat wider than I expected. I ordered 6M (always order this size) and it fits slightly wider, on the bottom it says W6 so not sure if they sent the wrong size...but it's not that big of a deal, can still wear them and they are indeed very soft and very comfortable.", "Arrived when expected- Packaged nice- Fits perfect and hubby wears size 12!!  He loves them- I love them!! Love all KD!! Would defiantly recommend to a friend the show & seller!!", "Very nice and appealing shoe; son loves these kd's although size is too big!!! Would recommend brand and design to others however.", "The shoes fit perfect... My son who is 12 was very excited to finally get them...we love the colors!!! Got the shoes before the expected delivery date..yay!!!!", "Very nice capries I have alot of colors in this brand.  Nice for working out in. Does not look like in the picture but they are very see threw.", "I love this first sneakerboot i bought. Very comfortable, didnt have to break them in. The color is unique and high quality. I will buy more forsure.", "And saw these....These are the ugliest shoes I've ever seen.  I look forward to a review from anyone insane enough to actuall buy them.", "Had to buy another pair cause someone stole the original pair, investigation still pending but i'm pretty sure one of my nephews lifted them from the garage. Air max 90s are Air max 90s. People know what they are getting and why they get them, i just love the all greys.", "This shoe fits like a glove. It's a little'heavy' - I've been wearing mostly Ike frees lately. But this shoe is a thing of beauty.", "Love this shoe!!....fits & feels great....my husband will only let me buy him this style shoe...he's got about 11 pairs just all different colors....", "Got my sneaker today, bought it on 10th Apr , expected delivery sometime in May 14 but I got it today.Delivery happened like within a week all the way from US to Singapore. AMAZON AKA AMAZING!Would like to thank shoezoo and amazon for the early delivery arrangement.True to size....design and color is exactly as describe in amazon too.Comfort is beyond description.Worth the purchase! speechless speechless speechless....love it so much!Will keep a look out again.", "Here is my youtube review on this. http://youtu.be/RRY7NGxtS5AThe shoe is designed to wear without socks. I wear them with socks so I ordered my usual size 7. If you plan to wear them without socks I would recommend 1/2 size smaller. They are really comfy! The insole comes out so you can clean it. The material is nice and breathable! They look amazing on too! I would buy these again and again!", "Light and breathable. I've both ran and done crossfit in them and they are a great shoe for either activity.", "Thes are replacement sandals for my last pair of Nike flip flops, which lasted over 3 years and i had to regretfully get rid of last fall.  Very comfortable, with adequate arch support, something hard to find in sandals.  I wouldn't hesitate to wear these on a long day out.", "These track pants by Nike fit true to size and are really nice. They are a working perfectly well for track esp when it si still so cold.", "these are very comfortable, reminds me of the first prestos. Even got complimented at the nike outlet on them. cool!!!", "love it really nice n fit perfect.... adjustable to fit the size 11 fit better than the 10 i bought.", "Got what I wanted just like the ad said it would be. They should ship ups not regular mail had to go to the post office to pick it up", "I ordered these becuase I also have them in another color. In short they are slick and very comfortable. Thanks!", "I wear a woman's 7.5, I bought a kids 5.5 it was tight at first but it stretched out. I get compliments on this shoe all the time, as expected. In hind sight, nextime I would go for 6.5 if I want to put my insoles in.", "Made from real surf skin, these bad boys are the real deal! Gargamel loves the squishiness as he shims along the forest canvas.", "Bought these for my son, because they actually match his high-school colors.He loves them, says they are really cool.It also turned out that his friends say these are pretty rare, and everyone likes them !", "Great shoes. Give them a couple days to break in, fitting like a glove now. Now I need some in every color.", "These shoes are very good quality and super cool looking.  I bought them for my son because he got a hole in his New Balance shoes (also a size two).  I just ordered the same size, but these were considerably larger.  Not sure which brand is off since they are both size two, but different.  Anyway, the shoes were great, but they were too large.", "My second pair,is a good as the first, very comforting to be able to stick with this style since I work in them on a cement floor. Let's just call them foot candy&#34;", "I am somewhat upset with myself for buying these shoes.  I never buy low top basketball shoes, but I liked the way they looked.  Totally my fault.  They fit ok, but the support around the heel really digs into the outside of my foot and causes pain to shoot up my entire calf.  Plus, since they are low top you have zero ankle support....which is extremely important in basketball.  The bottom of the shoe offers little traction on indoor basketball courts and the material the shoe is made out of really prohibits you from breaking them in properly.  It's almost as if they are like brand new shoes every time you wear them.  Bottom line...they are visually appealing but that's about it.  I wouldn't recommend these at all if you are a serious basketball player.", "I normally wear a 8.5 in men but they only had a 9 so I got them anyway..glad I did. .I luv nd have received a lot of compliments on them but I wldve gave 5 stars if they didn't rub the back of my ankle ..so wear high socks if purchasing these", "This is my second pair of footscapes I love them, if you want to get noticed wear a pair of these most people have never seen them before, I'm going to start collecting them now.", "I have this skirt in charcoal. I bought it at Kohls in the swimwear section a couple years ago. It works amazing a swim bottom. Covers everything I need it to cover and has lasted 3 + years of use with no signs of wearing out. Its comfy and I feel good every time I put it on. Whether you want this for swimwear or for athletic wear its awesome. best purchase ive ever made as far as swim wear goes.", "I was looking for something social to my Nike Moto 9's and everyone was recommending these. I tried them on at a certain sporting goods store and immediately liked them. It was only a matter of finding the right color.", "I imagine clouds must only be slightly more comfortable. Fit was perfect and seriously, these shoes are super comfortable, and supportive. I under pronate a lot and these have been great for giving me that extra support while being cushy. Buy them!", "When you put this shoe on for the first time. You can tell that a lot of technology was put into building this shoe. Very comfortable. I have severe plantar fasciitis, which is very painful. This shoe has done wonders for me. I can now go back to doing low cardio workouts and walking. It may be pricey for some, but it is well worth the money if you are searching for a nice style shoe with comfort.", "Shoes are very comfortable and although I didn't think they would be supportive, they definitely are.  Great shoe for cross training and light running.", "Great fit, great look, and very comfortable! This was my first pair of fly knits and since I have a pretty healthy shoe addiction, I'm sure I'll be getting them in many colors. :) Love these shoes!", "These are great! They are meant to be worn without socks but I still wear those footie socks because I don't want my feet to stink. They run small-I usually wear a size 9 and had to get a 9.5 (another Free 5.0+ style I had to get a 10)! I love the way they look also.", "Everything I was expecting. Authentic and brand new. Very impressed, except it was too big. Other size 9 fits perfect except this one", "This product deserves 5 stars, shoes were great just as I expected. They are great for running.  The item arrivedfast and boxed perfectly.  I will purchase this way again.  It was better than driving to the store and parking the carand walking into a crowded mall!  This type of sneaker is very hard to find Im glad I found these.5 stars!!!!", "Great shoes..comfortable and fit to size. I used to have an And1 shoes with low cut no ankle support for 10 years. Had to wear an ankle support every time I play basketball. Now with its support and design, I don't have to. Position as a small and power forward, its comfortable to run with and jump for rebounds. The only thing that i had an issue with was with the heel section. Heel tends to hurt after a couple of games. Since the shoes is still new, I guess, need to break in first after a couple of games. Overall, a great shoe just needs break in..", "These aren't her favorite because they are black. but black goes with everything her other shoes are the nike flip flops but they are a size 11 and almost to small. I guess she can wear them the rest of this summer if not I will get her another pair of nike flip flops the pink and black ones.  Her favorite color is pink", "Great comfortable Shoes !!!! Would recomend them to anyone looking for a great pair of shoes...Plus I will be buying more ,,,", "If your looking for a great workout shoe or something just to wear and feel comfortable on tour feet , then this is the shoe for you. I've had this pair of shoes for 3 weeks now and I love them. I'm going to buy myself another pair very soon.", "This shoe runs 1/2 size small.  I learned the hard way with the last pair of shox I bought.  Went up 1/2 size and this pair fits as it should.  Super cute shoe. Love the color combo.", "I love these shoes. No question about it, some of the best money I spent on footwear. They did not have black on Amazon, so i opted to buy them in store. Very comfortable (much like the crossfit, I think that is the name of the running shoe?) and has a good amount of support. More comfortable than my Toms actually.Highly recommend if you can score them at a good price, although Nikes will run high.", "Not red kinda a orange is red but the color is amazing ... the bright snd fit perfectly.. just whati wanted... they shipped fast", "These shoes are not red/ crimson. They are neon orange. I need red/ black shoes for work. I have never had to return an item for over 7 years until now. To top it off I have to pay return shipping fees for a poorly described item.", "Great shoes and our son believes that they are the most comfortable shoes he has worn. The shoes fit perfectly!", "it's thin material, hardly any padding, not a very comfortable shoe&#8230; kind of a narrow fit&#8230; price doesn't seem to equal quality on this one.", "These are great shoes. This is the 6th pair I have owned and enjoy the support system. I wore them the other day and got more comments than any other Sdfhox Turbo shoe I have owned. The color combination is as good as the quality.", "The design, weight, feel is great!You don't even need to use the shoe strings at least not out of the box.I did not run in them because upon receiving them I realized that they would not work for me. I wear a 10 normally ordered a 10.5 and it was to snug on the edges of my foot. on the outer mid foot area I could feel the edge of the soul. If your foot is not sitting nicely on the foot bed of a shoe this will end up causing you  issues...I learned this from the Brooks Pureflow connect 3...love the shoe but it was murder on the out side of my foot.Also I discovered the arch really steep, perhaps just because of the fit and the narrowing of the shoe.Sadly I had to return them. I tried on the brand new 5.0 at a store in size 11, I have never bought 11's but they seemed to fit, so I will wait till I can find the 3.0 in a store and try them in an 11, maybe than I will be able to get the shoe. But it is a hassle to order and reorder etc.Now for the brief couple minutes I had the shoe on I will say this...yes it was jamming me a bit in the spots I mentioned....but the movement and feel of the shoe was great. The flyknit feel great on your foot, your foot feels really free...no pun intended. Im just bummed about the narrowness of the mid foot of shoe at this size at least....but like I said to think I may need an 11 is crazy....so just be aware you will definitely have to size up, maybe even a whole size and if your foot is even semi wide in the mid foot it may poke you.....I would suggest trying them on at a store, unless you don't mind trying on a shipping back a return...I would suggest than getting two sizes at once to save yourself the turn abound time and send back the less desirable shoe....Im giving the shoe four stars based on aesthetics and feel of the upper....many will wear this casually and that all they care about.....at the right size i think it will be an awesome shoe.", "The shoe is great. But the colors are misleading.  The shiny material on the side of the shoe is not black. Its a gray black blend.  And the tan/khaki color is actually white.  Other than that no complaints.  Remember nike runs a full size smaller than normal. Fits like a glove", "Very comfortable! I enjoy using it as often as I can. Great for leisure walking and is not an eyesore.", "I wear US7.5-38.5 EU,24.5cm in almost all Nike brand shoes,this fits perfectly,it is light and ultra comfortable with cushioning system,the colour is as same as it is shown on the photo.I think I am going to order another pair of flyknit.", "just trust me, i am a big fan of shoes and I can tell you this is a KD (keven Durrant) elite 6 with new air max technology with a real signature at the front. Recommended for purchase.  WORTH THE PRICE"]