["the colour i received is not blue as shown but yellow.Couldnt change it because it was a birthday present for my daughter and havent got time.She really didn,t like it", "I mean, Roxy rocks, but I'm kinda dissapointed with the material. The purse lokks a lil' bit cheap.", "This watch actually looks silver when viewed online, but when I received it I saw that it was in fact a transparent watch.  A clear band with silver flecks in it.  Just not my style.  Although it looked to be a pretty durable watch, I ended up returning it.", "I love this watch and have it in a couple of other colors - when I saw I could get a pink one, I figured that was perfect as I'm a breast cancer survivor. (Don't know why the picture is of a purple watch)! The watch arrived quickly and was carefully packaged.  Love it!  Thanks, B", "My GF loves purple and works in the NICU. This watch is perfect for that and she loves it. It comes off easy and cleans up even easier. Highly recommended.", "i had a brown one and wanted another. like the color purple a lot but would prefer the wristband \"holds\"--2 of them on the inside of the wrist-- to be the same color as the watch, rather than light gray.would like them (rubber \"clasps\") to be less noticeable.the brown version had brown clasps which looked better.", "I used to have the same watch before but I lost it , so I ordered it through Amazon as I like it so much. very practical, light & good looking for the daily use. but one thing you have to consider before purchasing it ( for this model I mean ) your wrist have to be thin, otherwise you should go with the bigger size model", "I enjoy the convenience of this watch! It is very easy to slip on and off and the glo feature is very bright!The thing I am not so mucha  fan of , is the little grippy parts at the end of each \"arm\" are coming loose. If they arent there then how will the watch stay in place?", "Shortly after purchasing my first Nike watch, I ended up in hospital and then wasn't able to use my right arm for a long time. The design allowed me to  put on and remove the watch easily . I am now so hooked on this design because it also allows me to check the time ,without turning on any room lights,  if I wake up at night. After normal  wear and tear, I repurchased the same model but had to have it sent to in-laws living in the States. The cost was 1/3 of what I would have paid in Canada.Needless to say, the delivery time was 3 days!!!Thanks again, Marlene Eelnurme", "By far, the best pair of shoes I've ever owned. Well, you only need to know that their size is normally smaller than normal. You may need to order them bigger in size than you would normally do, e.g, your size is 12, get them 12.5. Anyways, I've been trying to shop for them Worldwide, but I failed to find them. I'd love to buy them in all colors!", "Do check out the size when you order. A lot of Nike watches on amazon don't mention the size- so check carefully for small, medium or large size. I chatted with a Nike watch representative from their website and he told me the measurements for small, medium and large. The ONLY reason for 4 stars. Else, the watch by itself is 5.The rubber edges initially looked dumb- but I can see why they used it- they make the watch easier to wear and resistant to wear and tear around the ends. They don't bother me anymore.. :)The glass bangle finish is great and did I mention I love the colour- a deep blackish blue.PS: The large watch has a rather large dial and the overall look is very stylish.", "Is my first Nike watch and i love it! Love the color, so easy to put and take it out, it works perfect!", "I have a wide foot so buying shoes over the internet is always a risk for me. These fit very nicely and are a comfortable shoe. My only complaint is that I seam to loose spikes on them  regularly. I have back up spikes so I just replace them but I shouldn't have to as often as I do.  Can't say that they improved my game but they didn't hurt it.Good buy.", "The shoes look good and comfortable. I have worn them for about half a dozen times now. The size is right because I have another Nike Air, so I just ordered the same size as my other Nike Air. The price is right. This is my first pair of golf shoes so I don't want to break the bank.The shipping was slow, though. I purchased it from Amazon. I had to call Amazon's customer service 1 week after I placed the order in order to find out why the item has not been shipped yet. After my call, the item was shipped the next day. I was disappointed with Amazon that the item was not shipped right away. It took about a week to start shipping even though the item was in stock in Amazon's warehouse. It took about 2 weeks to get the item.", "As comfortable if nor more than foot joy dryjoys. Have played a few rounds no issues.  Might have to take time to remove cleats to verify they are standard one twist", "I was looking at more expensive shoes but thought I would give these a try. Great for a second pair of golf shoes and nice for the price.", "Made out of cheap material in an effort to keep weight/cost down. No natural place for the upper to bend when you step. I wouldn't recommend these shoes.The spikes are good, and the shoes look great though", "Good quality shoe that fit as expected. Shoe was purchased for my father and he loved the look and style of the shoe", "Very nice shoes.  Might want to size up .5 your normal size.  Plenty of comments about them on the league I play on and walking in the shoes out of the box did not hurt my feet.  They are comforable and I can't wait until they are \"broke in\".", "For the money these shoes are the way to go!  Great fit, true to size for me (size 12), and very comfortable.  After 18 my feet feel great!", "Just about right for the price and actually it is exaclty what I was looking for, fits perfectly, great for the field and great looking as well. Thank you very much.", "The appearance of these shoes is really nice. They look great like most Nike shoes do. But you better hope to be playing on real dry grass. The smallest amount of moisture and your feet are soaked. Very disappointed cause I really liked these shoes but you may as well be barefoot with how wet they get. Must be because they are synthetic leather. Look for shoes that are genuine leather and say water proof.", "I knew the second I took them out of the box that they were too narrow, and looked a bit too short as well ( I wear a 14).  Once I tried them on (with dress socks) and struggled mightily, I knew golf socks would not work, and they were simply too small in every way to play.  I would plan on them being this way for you as well and either order a bigger size and width, or get another shoe.", "THESE FIT PERFECT AND LOOK AWESOME, THEY ARE COMFORTABLE ON MY FEET AND AN EXCELLENT SHOE FOR GOLF, AND THEY LOOK GOOD TOO.", "This watch is awesome but I barely got it and the display screen fell off!!! makes me mad.", "When I started running I thought this would be a good item to monitor my performance.  However in a very short time I realized that I needed something more so I purchased a Garmin Forerunner 305.  I would recommend the later for any serious runner.", "I purchased this for my 16 year old son for christmas.  This watch looks good but when it arrived the battery was dead.  Very disappointing.  It is a nice watch for a boy though.", "I've had this watch for a very long time..possibly around 5 years.  Some water got into it recently so I haven't been using the watch as much.  Nevertheless, this is definitely worth the purchase.", "This is a great watch. It has so many features, but usable ones. I love that I can fall asleep with it on, but the face is dark until I back light it. Perfect for my lifestyle.", "amazing fit and it is so comfortable! didn't try this on before so i chose my side and it is true to fit.", "they was right on the money with this one, everything was what they said about the shoes  in size, ect.", "I've boughten and gone through two pair of these in a row. I haven't found any that I like the style, fit, or feel, better! Nike ... please bring these back into production!!!!!", "Very pretty smart and tough, I hope to continue shopping at amazon, I love the Nike brand, are very nice and comfortable, but not the device inlucye orange. be added. Stylish and quality thanks.", "I've had it for over a year now, and it's running strong, it's taken a beating on sports, cycling, basketball, drinking binges, beach, rivers, lakes, and it's still pretty much unscathed, not a scratch, not even a battery change.", "I'm a valet attendant, and since I'm running all the time, I go through running shoes pretty quickly. I went Through 4 pairs in a year before I bought Nike's, and this one has been the best so far! really comfortable, fits great, I feel like I can run on these a whole shift!", "I really like the Nike Revolution 2 shoes. I run an average of 3 miles a day and have no complaints about this line. Great shoes for the price!", "fit somewhat tight but as expected! great buy, fast shipping and cheap price.", "good product", "My dad loved his father day gift. Perfect size, color and style. He wears them everyday. He said it feels like his walking on water.", "I bought these at Academy sports for $50. The first day they were tight and I thought I was going to have to return them. I have a somewhat wider than average foot and they were out of the wide shoe in my size. So I got them anyway. They loosened up and fit perfect after a couple days. I wear them at work for 12 hours a day. I move furniture for a living and go up and down stairs all day. My feet feel a lot less tired compared to the cheaper shoes I usually buy.Pros: Lightweight. Breathable. Durable. Good grip even in the rain. Fair price for a well made shoe.Cons: Only comes with a red tongue, not a big deal but wish it were black or grey so I didn't have to coordinate my uniform as much. Not a big deal but still. Not quite as breathable as my last pair of Filas. I could feel the wind blow through them and not so much with the Nike's.  But my feet do not sweat as bad as similar running shoes.I wear the shoes with a pair of Fila toe socks made for their skeletoe shoes and my feet are comfortable all day. I highly recommend these shoes for work.", "These shoe gives good support for short distance running. I usually use this when I do less than 5 miles. They are very comfortable and provide excellent protection against pounding on the pavement. For longer distance, I will recommend the lunarglide (below) insteadhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008E0U3ZK/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B008E0U3ZK&linkCode;=as2&tag;=nealo10a-20", "Nike Men's NIKE REVOLUTION 2 RUNNING SHOES 11 Men US (BLACK/WHITE/VARSITY). I use them to go to the gym every day and the quality is superior from other running shoes. They are extremely light.", "Stylish, great fit. Wish the one in the orange trim wasn't so expensive (and what's this all about that different colors have different prices?) One thing- if you've been wearing poorly fit / too large sneakers and then you put on a shoe that's the correct size, expect to have to get used to it. ;)", "Good", "Stylish, great fit. Wish the one in the orange trim wasn't so expensive (and what's this all about that different colors have different prices?) One thing- if you've been wearing poorly fit / too large sneakers and then you put on a shoe that's the correct size, expect to have to get used to it. ;)", "perfect", "I am pretty active after my 9-5 with wight lifting, running, circuit traing and these shoes have been put through a lot in a few months and are still in great shape.  Nike Rev 2 are extremeley comfortable and look great, which is an added bonus.", "Very nice fit and comfortable.  Some zzNike different styles run bigger.  This style fits good.  Color is great and tjlhe shoe is nice and light.", "I got totally pleased about this. I recommend it, on time like they said and everything was ok. Very good!", "It was great and my son was happy with his new Nike revolution shoes 10.5 men white color bought in amazon", "3E......not the case. These are sized out for a seven year old girl. I am a big sturdy son of a hitch yo.", "Great fit for my feet. Wish they were a little higher but I expect that with running shoes.Love the color also.", "Just what I expected!", "The shoe looks just as it does in the picture. Nike is always a good brand, so I thought the price was very reasonable. My husband is fairly conservative in his style, and he thought these shoes were perfect. Very happy with this purchase!", "Already owned a pair so when they were getting worn out, one quick stop to Amazon and two days later I had new shoes.  No need to mess with driving all over town looking for my size in a style I liked.Shoes and clothes are hard to buy online, but if you know exactly what you want then Amazon is the way to go.  Would do it again.", "Nice styling. Like the bright lacings. Seem to be fine when running .Good value for the money. Easy to put on...", "Excellent shoes! Light and sturdy, fit true to size. Recommended.", "Need to get them replace as the shoes run smaller than the size I typically use. Please get back to me on the procedure on how to get them replaced. Thanks", "These shoe gives good support for short distance running. I usually use this when I do less than 5 miles. They are very comfortable and provide excellent protection against pounding on the pavement. For longer distance, I will recommend the lunarglide (below) insteadhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008E0U3ZK/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B008E0U3ZK&linkCode;=as2&tag;=justckem-20", "I think my brother gonna like it. So happy that I ordered it, and it is so affordable, I will recommend this one", "Decent running shoes", "Its a pretty good shoe, to buy if you are looking for a pair of shoes to wear, if you are looking for running or another thing they are to soft. But its a confortable ahoe to wear.. I suggest it to everybody.", "love them they are comfortable, light weight, and the colors are great, i recommend these sneakers to any sneaker lovers...", "good colors and good design, a very fair price, and i feel the shoes very confortables for jogging and walking", "My son is hard to fit with shoes usually being too tight in the width or not fitting just right in the length.  These shoes were a bit hit and fit him just right!", "I really like Nike shoes and clothing. I'm comfortable with the shoes. It is good stuff to buy. I love nike and I wish to get discount from them.", "Just what I needed. A quality shoe, good looking, well built & reasonably priced. the packaging was perfect. No Issues at all will buy again from this vendor, & this type of shoe.", "Nice shoes!", "i really like", "This shoe has been wonderful! Very light and durable and the price was unbeatable! I run three miles a day 5 days,I would highly recommend getting this shoe.", "I heard reviews that Nike Revolution was not a commercial success. But when I saw this and read other users' review, I strongly felt like buying a pair. It has been 3 days since I m wearing them and I m loving it. People compliment for the great colors. A good product, if you are looking for running shoes in this range, I say go for Nike Revolution.", "Very nice shoe and comfortable.", "Big error on Nike's part, replacing the &#34;Fitsole&#34; mid-price running shoe with this one.  This shoe is too narrow and too tight on the toes and the support is generally more flimsy than the previous mid-price Nike running shoe it replaced.  Switched brands to Asics at the same price and am totally satisfied.", "Awesome product , thanks", "excellent shoes, great quality and service, are as expected and i love this make are comfortable and cool. 100% quality", "Good fit!", "It was for my hubby.He love them.His favorite color is red.So now he got red. lol.So try them they are nice and not expensive to enjoy.The simple things.", "I purchased this pair to replace my old trusted pair for training. I really enjoy them as it makes walking very comfortable and they handle my two mile runs very well. I also wore these for my Police Job Standard test and they performed admirably. I never slipped nor lost footing during the test. I would highly recommend these running shoes to anyone.", "It's like walking on air. These are so comfortable to wear and I love running in these! I've gotten so many compliments on these shoes as well.", "Good Shoes, meet my expectations, color is right, they are confortable and can be worn at the gym and at play", "Its a nice shoes feet exactly.. That was gift of  my brother.. I love the brand NIke...The other one gift to mu husband.. He really like it then say thank several times..His so happy.", "The entire transaction was great, easy to order, quick to ship and arrived faster than expected.  I've owned Nike Revolution running shoes before and while these are okay the do not have the support the previous ones did.  I did spend twice as much on the first ones so I'm not too disappointed and they still work fine.  Don't think I'll order them again.", "I have a small wrist and had to return it.  It is a child size.Stick with the Nike Kylo Cee, more money but much better display too.  The Kylo Cee also has a 2-year warranty so we just got a new one when the band broke.  No hassles via Nike.  Shipped back with copy of purchase date from amazon and had a new one within a week.For a special needs young adult who needs digital and can't do a buckle, the Kylo Cee is it.  Don't waste time & money on anything else.  I did!  Hunt for colors.[...]", "I love the watch, but had to return it, as the band was tiny, not just small. I have a 5 1/2\" wrist, and it dug into my skin, it was so tight.", "I really enjoy the sunglasses. Fit my nose and ears well and do a great job. I would recommend these to anyone looking for Nike sunglasses.", "I have the black w/ grey polarised lenses version, and I cannot be more pleased.  As a runner, I appreciate that they don't fog up very easily and they they stay put from a slow walk to a wind sprint.  They never interfere with my vision and they are a sharp pair of sunglasses.  Worth it.", "I love the timing features of this watch, but the band could be better. After only about 3 uses the buckle broke off, I was able to fix it, but if it breaks again, and I cant fix it, there is no way to replace just the band. It was very nicely packaged and would be great for gift giving. I use the box it came in to sit the watch in when I'm not using it.", "This watch is perfect for working out!  I love it!  I just wish that you did not have to press the button to turn the beep sound all the time! :D", "It was a present to my sister and she claims that it's worth value and also says it's a good watch but it is smaller than she thought.", "The watch works perfect. Great for anyone looking for a great watch to wear while working out. It is comfortable enough to be worn at the gym, or nice enough to wear to the office.", "wow!!! what a great watch.  At first when I got it I thought it was a little hard to understand, but I studied it all night and finally figured it out.  I gave this product 5 stars because it is cool, worthwhile, and works like a charm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "It is a very nice looking watch and my 10yr old son likes it very much", "For a person that really like an sportive watch, its a cool item, but the picture that shows it is not the really design of the watch...I just thought that would be a bigger one but no..", "I too have a Nike HRM watch and the band cracked. I didn't think I could replace it bc I didn't see anywhere on the Nike.com website where they sold the bands separately. I called the 800 number and they gave me their watch vendor's 800 number : 800-359-2508. The name is Parsec Enterprises. Also their website is: [...]I called to order the replacement and it wasn't in stock. They took down my phone number and are going to call me back. I'll post again if I get the watch band. If not, assume I didn't and you can't get a replacement.", "Beware. My Nike watch worked great, but after a year the band broke where it connects to the watch housing.  To my surprise Nike does not sell band replacements.  Watch still works, but now I can't wear it.  Get ready to buy a new watch if you want to have a Nike one.  I won't be among you.", "I had my Nike Triax Speed 50 Super Watch # WR0083-002 watch for less than 1 year.  The watch band broke where it attaches to the watch frame.  I love the watch and it's been working great, however I can not find a replacement band.  Not a good product if Nike is not going to provide support for the consumer.", "what a hassle. i've had it 9 months, and not worn it frequently, and the band just breaks. part pinned in to the face has the rubbery material break into pieces. ugh! i would expect it from a $10 watch, but not $100. my sports watch i bought at target works better! do not recommend.", "This was my second Triax watch and my second bad experience. I had the watch for about 5 days and it locked up. None of the buttons would work. I replaced the battery and it still wouldn't work so I returned it.", "This is a good deal for the price I paid on Amazon. Even with $8.00 in shipping I still managed to save $15.00 compared to the local sporting good store. Don't lose the instructions you'll need them to get started.", "The watch itself is working, but one of the buttons stoped working after 5 days.I sent an e-mail to the seller asking what I should do to return it and get another one and the seller simply ignored my e-mail.If you want to buy this watch go ahead, but do not buy it from Watchsavings.", "Be really short to save your time, the piece is,1. Super light and slim, 2. elegantly designed, 3. easy to use with 4 buttons, 4. idea for track runners. Cons, the button is not that easy to press - when I am marking a lap.", "This watch has been literally all over the world from the top of mountains to the bottom of the ocean.  Great watch.", "I LOVE this watch. It is very easy to operate - much easier than any other sports timing watch I tried. Nice big numbers. Up to 5 intervals for training. Very happy with my purchase.", "PROS:-Good looking watch.-Fairly easy to use.-Love the fact that the watch face is twisted to make viewing it while I run easier.-The watch's wrist band held up well, unlike the Swiss Army watches I've had crack on me.CONS:-After only a month's use, the plasic wrap that encases the watch itself started to detach and warp.  It appears as though it was simply glued to the metal part of the watch.  It's now so warped that it looks terrible and makes it difficult to press the buttons along the side.-At 18 months, the watch has bugun to collect moisture inside.  From diving deeper than its 100M rating, you ask?  No, from sweat and shower water.  The digital display is now failing and I'll soon have to throw the watch away like a piece of trash.  That's just unnaceptable, Nike.", "This is a great watch.  I wear it on all of my runs and around town.  It's got a nice big display and it looks bad@ss.", "One more great job from Nike. This watch is jut perfect for its price range", "Just as the other reviewers said, the steel cross bar broke through the rubber band leaving me with a great pocketwatch but a poor wristwatch.  The watch itself is great, and I've had other great Nike watches, but the band is awful.", "Very pleased with the watch and the timely manner in which it was delivered.", "This watch is great, my husband loves it! It was an excellent price and arrived in a timely manner.", "This is the BEST watch I have ever owned.  It does everything you could ever need a watch to do.  Marvelous.  I have owned 11.  Where can I acquire more?  The are not easy to repair or locate.  I'd recommend this watch to anyone.  My husband loves his too.", "This might be a really good product.  But we will never find out. Because it comes with \"directions\" that consist only of numbers and arrows.  Apparently words are at a premium, because there aren't any.  The arrows leave me spinning, and my tech-savvy children can't figure the directions out either, including on such basic processes as how to set the clock function.  Which makes this product, well, pretty useless.  It does have that cool Nike swoosh, though, and every evening at 10:28 p.m. it will look just perfect.", "Great item for the price.  My son has had fun timing everything with his stopwatch.  It also has an alarm and is easily set.  This watch makes a great gift.", "I bought this watch for my son, who is almost 12. It is nearly impossible to set it...the instructions are VERY difficult to understand, and virtually worthless. I even took it to get a new battery and the guy told me it was one of the most diffcult watches to program he had ever seen. A cool watch...but needs to be much easier to use, especially as it is aimed at kids.", "I bought the watch two years ago and have an older version that tends to add on a few extra feet since it never turns off and small barometric changes add elevation.  The altimeter function is still pretty good for training purposes.  I love the band on the watch and the bulkiness is not an issue.  The watch is definitely water proof.  I never took it off.  Recently I changed the battery and in the process didnt notice the o-ring fell out.  I took a bath and noticed the watch didnt work and moisture had gotten inside.  I opened the back up and let it dry out.  I went and found the o-ring and put the battery back in and it worked as well as ever.  Not that many electronic products come back from the dead.", "fantastic item with accurate data from its features, hardy casing and strap. slightly bulkier than you may think it is, great as a gift idea for a lance fan and at a great price.well presented by nike in a box too.", "I have used this watch for a few years now working in the outdoors.  It has stood up to a fair amount of abuse and misuse and still looks great.  The alarms are loud and the minimalist display is a rarity in the watch world it seems like. This is a great watch.", "This watch is exactly what I thought it would be, really smart, full of gadgets but very very confusing, I havent a clue how to calibrate the compass or the alti meter and im not sure ive done such a great job with the temp gauge but it tells the time, looks good and seeing as im the UK its well unique which matters doesnt it!!.....??", "I have owned not one, but TWO of these watches.Pros:1. Absolutely beautiful styling2. The band holder - the band holder is a wonderful innovation from Nike.  Never again will a band move because it pops out of the band holder.3. Being able to reset back to the time mode by holding the mode button down no matter where you are in the sequence of functions - another nice innovation by Nike.4. The band - this is a very comfortable, soft rubber band that wears easily on the wrist all day long.Cons:1. Stopwatch takes a relatively long button press to reset2. This watch is poorly made and simply isn't durable3. Case is easily scratchedOverall I really love the styling and functions of this watch.  HOWEVER, the buttons on my first Nike Lance 4 became screwed up after about four months of wear.  The second Nike Lance 4 started to reset itself after about three months of wear.Two chances are all you get - I switched back to Casio for reliability!", "Es un excelente monitor cardiaco pero al entrar al agua esto cambia completamente, a diferencia del anterior Nike C8 que usaba antes, este pierde la se&ntilde;al del cinturon muy frecuentemente, diria yo que funciona solo el 40% de las veces, esto es realmente incomodo debido a que al mirar el reloj para ver en que frecuencia cardiaca se encuentra no se sabe si subir o no la intencidad del ejercicio para mantenerse en el ritmo deseado.Tal parece que la tecnologia del Triax Elite es mas atrazada que el C8.  Esto resulta inaudito siendo el Triax Elite un reloj supuestamente mas avanzado.", "This one measures HR and distance precisely.  Shows your pace ongoing and is awesome for metering your workouts and ensuring your on the right pace - not to fast or slow.  Has customized display so you can monitor any two of the following at once:  HR, Laptime, overall time, pace, distance.  Also has a nice autolap function that can be adjusted for any distance - it automatically records a lap time at each mile for instance.  This allows you to not worry about keeping track of that or missing a lap check.  Highly recommended, allows you to measure your distance anywhere you run to the .01 mile.", "I bought this watch/HRM/distance pod combo back in early 2004 as I began to train for my first marathon. Thousands of miles in training, four marathons, multiple road races and triathlons later, this piece of gear has not let me down.The data it provides is useful and accurate and the device is simple to set up and use. The ability to store 100 laps of data is especially useful in retaining runs for later review before having to delete them for a new run (makes updating your training log much easier).The foot pod is great as it doesn't require a good GPS signal and works regardless of surface. The AAA battery it runs on lasts about four to six months. It seems to be accurate within 2-3%, typically. Dialing it in can take a few runs but it is a fairly straight forward process. I find that the calibration does need slight adjustment each time I get a new pair of shoes, however. Also, if it is dialed in for running out on the road, expect a small variance when you get on a treadmill. The calibration doesn't seem to carry over 100%. It's not that big of a deal, I feel.The HRM strap is very comfortable as others have mentioned and it has stood up to the test of time and looks to be in good shape despite the wear and tear it has endured. I find I have to change its battery about every eight months or so and this is with heavy usage so it is pretty efficient at its battery use. I do find that the HRM signal tends to be a bit spotty when swimming. I've not pin-pointed the reason but some times I get great reception when swimming, other times, not so much.The watch has also withstood some heavy usage as I often wear it as a regular watch in addition to during training/racing. The band is not faded or cracked but the band is maybe a bit less supple than when new. The crystal surprisingly has no scratches.  I attribute this to the raised ring around the crystal that functions to protect the face of the watch. While I see a fair numbers of nicks and scratches in the ring, they don't detract from the appearance of the watch. There are grey rubberized covers over the four side buttons that have begun to yellow a bit from their original light grey but I suppose that's to be expected as the oils from my skin and sweat can be easily concentrated on these buttons.I wish that the light stayed on a little longer when activated. Pushing the light button illuminates the face for three seconds but when running along during those early morning training runs, three seconds really isn't enough to grab your HR, time, etc. Five seconds would be better. While it does stay on as you cycle through modes/functions, it will turn off quickly if you stop scrolling.In three years, I've changed the actual watch battery once. Lastly, the case that this watch comes in is really nice as it can be kept in your gym bag (or luggage) and provide a nice storage place for the watch, strap and pod that will help avoid damage to the devices or loss.I spoke so highly of the watch that my wife decided to get one as well and she too has been as happy as I have with it. Granted the $229 that we paid for each one of them is pretty steep, I will easily replace my CV10 with another should something happen to this one. This product is HIGHLY recommended to any runner looking for an HRM watch with a distance measuring device integrated with it. As a point of reference, I've used both the Garmin Forerunner and Timex GPS based devices with results not equal to this Nike device. In the end, neither of the devices won me over and convinced me to switch away from my Nike.", "I originally purchased this watch well over two years ago, but through an unfortunate accident broke it.  The break was in no way indicative of he quality of the watch, but the result of freakishly bad luck.  Regardless,  I have spent the last two plus years trying to replace it, & find its equal.  I have had no luck until I stumbled across it again in Amazon.  Love this watch, & would seriously recommend it to anyone.", "Ok ... for starters, I paid $38.00 for this watch ... this watch locally is very hard to even find & retails for over $200.00 ... mine arrived from a retailer in NYC & I have to commend them on the extremely fast shipping & care in packaging this watch for USPS ... mine arrived in flawless condition. The dial is easy to read in extreme light conditions, super easy to set, & I was blown away by the fact it has two time zones, I do believe this little detail is omitted in the product description, or maybe I just didn't look hard enough, not matter. Folks gotta tell ya ... another product here on Amazon.com that deserves a solid 5 stars out of 5 stars. Nice job Nike, Amazon & hats off to Jomashop to filling the order.", "It keeps great time, has great functionality and the power save feature means the battery last for a few years.  I'm quite happy with it.", "I bought this watch for my son, a Marine, serving in Iraq, because he requested a sturdy digital with an alarm. This one had a large face which he says is extremely easy to read in any light, especially at night.It is comfortable, and sits close to the wrist with very little profile.He loves it, and asked me to order a second one because he wants a back-up!", "I love this bag. It's a perfect size and I use it all the time. It's also a good looking bag unlike many other practical ones.", "I've been wearing the Tarj line since 2003. For form fitting glasses on a narrow face these are great, just wish I could find the polarized again.", "Can't beat these for any sport. The only glasses I have found that stay put.  They are light and durable.", "excellent product. I recommend it, is good quality and finish are very good, the presentation is good thank you very much", "Quicker service than stated!  My other one was worn out, so I was glad to receive it sooner.", "I would love to have one more of this watch coz I love it.Most especially the color it has.Pls send one to me .This is my e mail.", "I bought this as a gift and was really upset to see it. The dial is too small and without numbers. Its difficult too actually see the time in it. Also the material looks too cheap. Was not expecting this from Nike.", "The Monarch lll is the best tennis shoe I've owned.  I wish I would have thought to purchase several pair years back.  I purchased the last pair to be found via the Internet.  There is size a 61/2 at a store in Texas.The Monarch lV is a huge dissapointment; to say the least.If anyone knows where I can purchase the Nike Air Monarch lll in size 10, medium -C- width, please let me know.Grazzi", "This is a very nice watch. Really sporty and perfect for when your bouncing around town in some sweats and a t-shirt. The only thing that keeps this watch from being perfect is that it's very thick and raises high off of your wrist. Higher then what I expected. But overall, it's a good watch.", "Used it a couple of times and the battery was dead, everytime i changed the battery, it lasted about 2 weeks... even worse, after a couple of months the band lock broke. waste of money, and it didnt even looked that good, from the pictures i didnt realize this watch would look like a bracelet... you will regret this purchase, i know i do...", "I run, bike & swim in my Nike Imara HRM & love it!  It's accurate & easy to use.  The CD that came with it was educational & helpful.  I've had no issues with it picking up other monitors (some other reviewers said it did) even when we're close together.I wish it did 2 things:  1 - provided max hr during workout (real bummer!).  2 - downloaded to my computer (I'm a data geek).  But, for the price $79.00, I'm not complaining!Now, if I could only find a sports bra as wonderful!", "The watch was delivered in a very timely manner, but there was no invoice or paperwork when delivered.", "I had this watch for about four months before both the top and bottom straps started separating from the face. I could still wear it, so I did, until another problem arose: the strap got a big crack in it and eventually broke. All because of normal wear; I'm not that abusive. I thought perhaps it was just that one watch until I sent it in to nike, which returned me a brand new watch for $12, on which the straps began separating from the face AGAIN. One day the strap finally separated completely from the face, so I can't wear it anymore. Now I can tell the problem is that the rod connecting the strap to the face is held in on the ends by cheap plastic that breaks easily, allowing the rod to bend and eventually snap. I loved this watch (both of them actually), but I'm moving on to a watch with a strap that wraps around the face.", "I actually don't use this for running (I use a GPS watch), but I can't imagine life without a digital watch and I wanted something relatively feminine.  This fit the bill nicely in that way.  (Sorry, but putting pink highlights on a what looks like a smaller version of my boyfriend's watch doesn't make a watch feminine in my book.)It is pretty, and has a nice shape I imagine most women would appreciate.  It goes well with my regular professional attire, though I'd certainly find a different watch for a black-tie affair.Unfortunately, it's a little too pretty - the mirrored dial color makes the face too reflective so I have to look at it more directly than my last watch.  Also, the alarm is a bit quieter than I'm used to, but it's acceptable.  The night light (indiglo) is excellent, of course.Also, I don't want to see the title of what I'm switching to when I hit mode.  For example, when I hit the mode button to switch from chrono back to the time, I don't want/need the screen to say \"intr\", \"data\", \"alarm\", \"time\" and then have to wait for the display to switch from \"time\" to the actual time.  I can tell when I'm back on time because it's, well, telling me the time (and day/date).  Sure, it's just a couple of seconds, but it's annoying and wastes my time.Other than that, here's just a head's up: it freaked me out a little when I didn't see a regular count-down timer, but I soon realized that the interval function can work as a count-down timer.  I just have to turn it off so it doesn't keep automatically repeating.  (Of course, for intervals, this would be perfect.)One very nice point: the watch battery is *very* accessible; one can change the battery with a coin to open the battery cover instead of needing those tiny screwdrivers.A neutral point, and I guess I'll see the value of this after I need to replace the battery: the watch has a \"sleep\" mode which can turn off the display after no button is pressed for a certain number of hours.  I suppose this will save battery life, but I've never had a complaint with battery life on a digital watch... yet.All in all, I'm happy with this watch and am seriously considering purchasing another one in a different color.", "Other reviews noted that this watch is difficult to read, and this is certainly true.  However, I bought the watch primarily for its interval function.  Sadly, the beeps signaling the intervals are barely audible even with minimal ambient noise making this function useless.", "This is a great watch, very sleek, very stylish.  The time numerals are large and easy to read; however, the metalic background is very reflective and can make the face hard to read in bright light, but hitting the backlight button resolves that problem because the numerals light up in a very nice turquoise light.  The band has lots of wholes making it very adjustable.  All in all, a very nice watch.  And I saved money by buying it on Amazon.", "I had three expensive Polar HRM's prior to a suggestion from Boston's best running store to try the Nike C8.I've had the C8 for three years of constant use.  While the data is not downloadable, it is a thorough and efficient monitor for all stages of training and conditioning (e.g., Interval Training, Distance) from start up through full anaerobics. All functions are easily accessible and some are chageable on-the-fly.  Has a large and complete data collection and display function.Batteries are standard lithium CR2032's and easily replaced.", "The watch and chest strap work great.  I have been useing them for about 2 weeks now and have not had any problems.  Setup is fairly simple as long as u use the book it walks u right through every thing.  The only negative about the watch that i have is that i thought i had read that it kept track of you're calories burned but it does not.  As far as keeping track of the distance i'm unsure of.  I dont see anything for that other than if you were running on a track and used the lap mode and every 4 laps is a mile.  All in All it is a great product worth the money.  Even looks/works great as an everyday watch.", "I got this monitor because my Polar F11 died.  I've had two middle-to-upper-end Polars and got really tired of not being able to change batteries myself, the \"Coded\" transmitters being nothing more than a marketing gimmick, and my general displeasure with the reliability of the F11.  So I switched from Polar to the C8.  I couldn't be happier. I've had the monitor for about 6 months with no issues.  The features are great and I use the interval timer extensively.  The only thing it's really missing is a timer that shows you how long you've been in your target HRZ while you're working out.", "I purchased the Nike Triax C8 back in January. After 2 months of daily use it stopped working. I returned the unit to Nike's repair facility. It took 7 weeks for them to return the watch! Well I have been using it for about two months again and guess what? The watch dies in the middle of my run. I changed the battery, still the watch is dead. I will be going back to Polar, the most reliable brand of HRM.", "I have only had this a few weeks, but it works exactly like it's supposed to, and has really helped me out in my workouts.  Because I can now monitor my heart rate correctly, I can run much further without over doing it.  I like the display, it is easy to read.  The watch is large, but not oversized or clunky.", "I bought this thinking that it would be a good quality watch that could be a conversation piece due to the stark black with the bright yellow band.  MISTAKE!!!  The LCD display was very dim even after adjusting it, the battery died three days after receiving the watch.  Sent it out to be repaired and replace the battery, received it back two weeks later it stopped working altogether. Gave it away to a friend that had the same watch for parts.", "although i love the look, features, and band material, this is the chunkiest watch i have ever owned. the face is equal to that of most womens midsize watches.  BUT...it sits a full inch high off the wrist and constantly catches on long sleeved clothing.  i also noticed tingling and eventual numbness in my hand on long runs. the face rubbed on my wrist bone so hard i had to return to my old, scratched timex. maybe this wouldn;t happen to someone with popeye forearms and wrists? but i just do not understand... if timex can wrap all the same features into something more comfortable, why can't nike.  as for features, it is brilliant to see the actual time during chronograph mode. no need to fiddle with the buttons to get at it...which i often get mixed up on my timex and end up splitting laps unintentionally.  set up was a breeze, and this watch face is large enough to read clearly in motion.  i'm unimpressed with the backlight though, hard to engage since it's combined with the chrono clear button.  it also lasts too short a duration. has 2 alarms, but they are too quiet to wake me up.  the timex features a flashing watch face during alarm so if you don't hear it you might at least see it.  the band felt ventilated with the slits, and it was comfortable on my skin. also had several compliments, and one person who said, but it looked like lindsey lohans new alcohol bracelet. more bad than good so i'll be giving this watch away i'm afraid.", "I love this watch...I use it mostly for my daily life and running. I love the look of it too. The only problem I have is that the band will eventually start wearing down and tearing and you are unable to replace the band since it winds around the watch face. I've own probably 3 of these watches total in my life and every time, the band wears out before the watch does...it will start to tear at one side and then the band just breaks apart. So that is my only issue with the watch, otherwise I liked it for my everyday watch.", "i bought this watch after some research on the web and comparing Polar and Nike watches. This watch was a perfect balance between price and functions, i do not need anything else to check my workout.", "I am some what pleased with the watch, at times the watch has trouble staying with my heart rate and when that happens it shows a really low heart rate.", "I needed a monitor that would accurately provide my heart rate, a chrono, and didn't look like my mom's watch. It accomplishes it all and the strap isnt even unconfortable at all. So far it has been all that and for a lot cheaper than a polar.", "I needed a new watch after mine broke, and this one caught my eye.  The orange numbers against the grey face is stunning.  I purchased it from Amazon and it arrived quickly, I was anxious to see it up close.It's bigger and heavier than my last watch.  Actually trying it on was a bit of a challenge.  I proved that I was indeed smarter than the wristband after a few moments.  Hint: press down on the swoosh.  Setting the time, day, and date was simple enough.The one complaint I have is the date display is very difficult to read.  I had to get really close and squint a bit to read it.  If I need to know the date, I'll pull out my cell phone instead of reading my watch.  It was obviously designed to be aesthetically pleasing from a distance, which it is.I've worn it every day since I received it and so far this is the beginning of a beutiful friendship.  I have received compliments on it already.  The guy behind the counter at the brake repair place said \"hey, that's a nice watch\", and I replied, \"thanks, I think so too\".", "I bought this watch about 8 months ago; it looks great and you can move the watch around the opposite way on your wrist so it looks like a wristband, looks cool I think. Very comfortable too. The time/date setting of the watch isn't hard but not very easy either; the stopwatch is not as user friendly as an iron-man.  Actually none of the functions are user friendly like an iron man.  The worst thing to me, is that the leather watchband starts to stink after a month or so.  A really weird almost skunk-like smell.  I never showered with it on so the smell was just from normal wear.  If you wipe the leather down with windex or some kind of cleaner it helps the smell but it wont go away totally.  Somebody actually stole mine from a gym recently, don't know who would take a used stinky watch but it does look cool.", "This is a very nice and modern fashioned clock.The size is as espected. Highly recommended.", "Good quality, nice runners features... but it is bigger than I thought it was. I am getting acquainted to it. Sure I will.", "Unbelievable Watch! I have them in both brown and black straps. I get at least one comment per day on how cool and nice my watch is!This watch will be on my wrist for a long time to come.", "I have a blue Nike watch, and really like it. Ordered this one to wear every day; however, it is really a child's watch. It is for wrists of approx. 5 inches. Unless you are tre petite, this won't fit.", "I love my little presto watch.  even though it's plastic and sporty-looking, the tortoise ups the style ante.  it fits my small wrist perfectly, easy on/off, and very light - making it a great alternative to my heavy bracelet watch.  on one occasion it's fallen off while putting on a jacket w/ fitted sleeves so now I am a little more careful w/ it.  the time/date functions are easy to adjust and the glow button is a great function.  definitely a purchase well worth the price!", "I have had two watches before this which were the \"normal\" ones and took a chance on this one.  Love the color, accuracy and style!  Many comment on it and want to know where I got it.  Very pleased with this purchase.", "This was a gift, which the person loved, and I loved the price, $30.00 cheaper than everywhere else", "My wife purchased this watch for me as a b/day present, i was at first a little baffled by the design, but it is a great item to have as a rugged everyday time piece.The numbers are big and large for those who cant see well and is water resistant just in case you forget it on while you go swimming.I give it 4 stars for its features,quality,design and price.", "Wow, very solid constuction. Nice bright illumination. Big numbers as well as full functions. The band is extremely comfortable.No doubt a real winner.", "The \"Nike Men's Hammer Watch\" (#C0021-001) is freakin' AWESOME!!! It is pretty huge but I really like it. It reminds me of a watch you'd see a character wearing on \"Futurama,\" very space age-ish... And this watch REALLY is a one size fits ALL :O)", "I returned another watch I purchased through this vendor and was very impressed at how efficient the return system was implemented.The watch rocks.  Its stylish and rugged and the band probably will not break like 99% of all watch fails I've been through.", "This watch is awesome. It has a very large, crisp display with a greenish-blue backlight, very easy to read in the day or at night. The watch displays the time in large numbers with the date below the time. The chrono is easy to operate and displays the time in 100th's of a second. The watch also has 2 countdown timers and an alarm. The band is wery wide with numerous notches so you can customize the fit close to your wrist size. The metal face contrasts nicely with the back band, giving the watch rugged good-looks. Even though the watch is large, it is well balanced and does'n feel clunky.", "My husband LOVED this in the store- and I found it here MUCH cheaper- hooray for Amazon! He loves it, it looks great and it's waterproof- so he can wear it swimming, etc.", "We were extremely impressed with the Nike watch we ordered.  We like the big screen and the features such as the backlight, stop watch, etc.  We plan to going scuba diving with this watch.  We have received a lot of compliments on the watch from other people.  Also, the seller provided fast shipping and the watch was just as described.  Thanks!", "Swanky sporting watch..got a true fit.I even purchased the gold its slightly different but just as nice.", "I never return items, but this is unusable.  I can hardly read the display.  I attempted to adjust the contrast setting, but it had no noticeable effect.I had a triax and love it.  just  dont get the black on black.", "I like the way the watch looks and it is fully featured.  My main complaint, is that the buttons are really sensitive.  Half the time I look at my watch it says 4:00 AM (which is the time I have my alarm set to).  The Orange button on the front is what toggles this, so anything that touches it switches to the alarm mode.  This has become really annoying", "So the watch is exactly what I wanted, except it was sized for a male wrist. The item is listed as midsize, but if you actually read the watch information, it states the band size is \"unisex\" and the product description states that the watch is \"for men and women.\"Any watch sized for both genders is way too big for my wrist. My understanding is MIDSIZE is meant for women/smaller wrists. I really wanted an s-shape Nike watch (with a high lap count) to conform to my wrist vs. one of the Nike Imara watches.Unfortunately, because I did not read the watch details thoroughly enough, I am having to return this watch at my own expense.Overall, 5 stars for the watch if you have a larger wrist, 1 star for a deceptive title.", "Just to let know everyone the watch DOES HAVE BACKLIGHT.", "Bought this watch as a gift.  When it finally arrived, the price tag indicated $10 less then what I paid for it. On top of that, the battery was completely dead!  I had to pay $10 for a replacement battery.And they did not have a telephone # listed to call if I had any questions.A note came in the box stating: &#34;if the watch doesnt work, its most likely the battery. &#34;Not worth the frustration.", "This watch is effective and simple to use.  It's perfect for timing your runs.  It has many other features that can be used if needed.", "For the average marathoner and long distance runner who doesn't need all the bells and whistles, this is right on target.  Easy to use, easy to see, nicely priced!", "Previously, I owned an Oregon Scientific heart rate monitor, which worked great for 5 years.  It had basic features which I found useful but needed to replace it because it wasn't as accurate/consistent as it use to be.I was not sure about buying the Nike Imara Heart Rate Monitor because there weren't any reviews on it.  But I liked the design and color choices and I knew it was designed specifically for women by Nike (a reputable company). Now that I have the product and have used it for 1 week, I feel satisfied with my purchase.  The price was great and I received it quickly from Amazon. The Nike Imara Heart Rate Monitor is pretty, and easy to use.  There are 5 modes: Time, Chronograph, Interval, Data, and Alarm.  It comes with an instruction manual and CD to program the modes.  Both are easy to follow when programming your monitor but the CD adds a nice visual experience for those women that need a demonstration.  The watch band is a nice thick plastic.  It's a little difficult to put on at first but you quickly get use to it.First and most important, I find that Nike Imara Heart Rate Monitor is accurate when measuring my bpm. I use the chronograph (CHRO) mode which gives your bpm or average bpm and a stop watch.  The rate does not jump around with random, unrealistic heart rate readings.  I chose to wear the chest strap without the elastic strap by placing it inside my sports bra.  I get a nice consistent reading of my heart rate even when I'm jumping around. The out of range alarms are a nice feature that alert you when to work harder or slow down.  You hear a stead single beep when your heart rate is below target and a double beep when it is above target.  I also like the fact that the chest strap transmits my bpm to my exercise machine that has a heart rate monitor on it.I have not tried the interval training (INTR) mode so I can't comment about it accuracy.  But I'm sure it would be useful for those women that like to exercise at different intensities during their workout and need to know when to change the intensity or be alerted when they are outside of the intensity range.The DATA mode gives you a summary of your workout accomplishments.  However, you only get this summary if you remember to press the start button during your CHRO or INTR mode.  The summary for your workout includes your total workout time, average bpm, total calorie burned, total time in your target heart rate zone (if you programmed a zone), total time above your target HR zone, and total time below your HR zone.I think this is a great basic HR monitor.  It's perfect for women in all exercise ranges (weight loss, strength training, etc.) because of the interval training feature.  I also think it's perfect of pregnant women that want to exercise during their pregnancy and keep track of their HR to make sure they are not over exercising.I may add to or modify this review after using it for a longer period of time.  I hope this was helpful and I hope others write reviews on this HR watch when they purchase it.", "I got this for my birthday and a little over a year later it was useless.  The plastic/rubber watch strap just corroded away and broke off.  I went to the Nike Store to get a new strap and they said try a sporting goods store.  Went to a couple and couldn't find any place that sold replacement straps.  I searched the internet high and low and eventually found Parsec Ent.  They sent me a strap for $23.95 (rip off) only to find out that it is impossible to replace the strap.  A good Nike watch going in the trash, bummer.", "Very nice looking product and worked well for me as I learned how to effectively workout while monintoring my heart rate.  Unfortunately the watch stopped accurately and consistently tracking my heart rate after about 8 months... I don't know if it is related to the fact that I swam with it on?  Now I only wear the watch for fashion purposes.", "I've never had a heart rate monitor, but have started running and being more active, and wanted a better way to track calories burned.  I've had it for about a month now, and this watch is really easy to use, and easy to figure out.  I had it programmed in 10 minutes or less.  The first time the watch face went blank, I freaked for a moment, but remembered that it turns itself off to save batteries, which I approve of.I love the color, and the monitor itself is pretty comfortable.  My one complaint is that the band is a little inflexible (which may change with time).  Other than that, it's been great!", "If you're even considering this watch...waste no more time and buy it...Does so much for you in terms of exercise and heart rate monitoring to keep you in your zone....the directions are easy to understand.  It looks and feels terrific!", "My girlfriend has an Imara HRM watch (color ICE) and the strap is broken. I found that ParsecEnt.com sell the replacement, but the ice color is only for Imara fit or Imara run watches. Do you know if these straps are the same size that Imara hrm? If I buy an Imara fit or Imara run strap would it fit the HRM watch?Or is there any other site to by the replacement? Thanks", "I recently bought this heart rate monitor. I didn't get it from amazon, but i love it! I'm pretty new to the fitness world, and i wanted something that looked pretty and would provide the basic information i wanted.This heart rate monitor includes the basic functons i wanted including, calories burnt, a stopwatch, gives my heart rate in beats per minute and as a percentage of your maximum heart rate, the time, a back light and inteval training function plus more. It is cute and pretty and girlie, which really attracted me because i didn't want to wear a big black thing while working out!Before purchasing i thought i might have had an issue with the length of the chest strap, wondering if it would fit me. I'm not really big, but i wondered if maybe it was meant for tiny people. The chest strap is more than long enough for me, and it's made from a soft stretchy material plus it's easily adjustable. The part at the front that take your heart rate is made from a soft plastic and i place it just under the bottom of my bra, and i can't tell it's there.The only downside i have found with this, is that i had some trouble programming it and working it. It might have just been me, but i found the instructions kind of confusing. I just spent some time pressing the buttons to find out what they all did! Now i can work it, and i love it! It might not be suitable for a really die- hard fitness person, but as a beginner it has all of the functions i wanted (plus some that i didn't want!) and i have found that it really helps! It's my new best friend!", "This watch, made by Nike, and inspired by a design from Lance Armstrong, is pretty neat!  It is heavy, but comfortable.  It is bears the emblem of two yellow striped lines on the top left portion of the watch, which resemble the colors for cancer support.Armstrong was diagnosed with cancer on October 2nd - very fitting for the watch to stick out 10 and 2 numbers on the face in order to \"honor\" or highlight the day Armstrong learned of his fate (10/2).I paid the full price ($299) but it is now approximately $100 cheaper - but I felt I paid a fairly good price for the watch as the functions (chronograph), the feel of it, and the image of it (sends a message to others to support cancer research and funding) is well worth the cost of the watch.Not only that - the fact that it was manufactured by Nike makes it a reliable watch to have.  It can be used either when you are dressed up or wearing casual clothes as well as when you've decided to dress down or sporty.  Basically it's one of those kinds of watches you can wear anytime.", "My husband really likes his new watch! He's been training for Public Safety testing and says it comes in handy when he's running.", "I bought this watch back in 2007. Great design, people everywhere asking where i get it.. but... without any explanation the titanium bracelet break it!I was in vacations and luckily, when the bracelet breaks, i was not at the ocean, but in my hotel room.It's my last Nike watch.. since then i got 4 other watchs (tissot, seiko, casio) and got no problems.", "I have a few pretty high-end performance watches, and was wary of buying a watch made by a shoe company..I support Livestrong and that made it easier, and thought that Lance Armstrong wouldn't have his name on something inferior. Well, it is a nice watch - easy to operate, stylish, and so far, durable. The titanium makes it lightweight compared to some of my stainless watches in the same size range. It has kept perfect time for the past 2 months. Seems pretty scratch resistant. I swim with it daily and no problems thus far. I would recommend it to a friend.", "only thing i don't like is the volume of the alarm, too low.", "I have this watch as a gift to my daughter for her birthday.  She has a two-year old son and is constantly swimming, bathing, cleaning and doing many other activities that involve water.  She loves being able to manage her toddler's activities without worrying about securing her watch and always being able to watch the time to get home in time for Daddy.  The watch is attractive and doesn't look like a sports watch, so she can wear it anywhere, but the fastening system doesn't allow for optimal fitting for her (my only concern about an otherwise outstanding product)", "I've received so many compliments on this watch!  I love it too!  People can't believe it's by Nike.  It's sporty but looks elegant and hip.  It was a little difficult to figure out how to set the time and date... the directions are iconic and a few words would have helped.", "Thought from the description I would really get some good use out of it...could not figure out how to get it to work...what a dud...they must make these things easier to work and the instruction would need an engineer to figure it out.", "I needed an inexpensive, sporty watch that I could order easily, and this one fit the bill. I liked the intensity of the color and the sleek shape that wouldn't catch on anything.While the watch lives up to these expectations, I wouldn't order it again.  Its resin top scratches easily, blurring the watch face.  I can imagine that within a few months, and with a few careless moves of my arm, I'll end up with a thoroughly unreadable watch.Also, despite having an average-sized wrist, the watch is uncomfortable and its slightly tapered ends dig a little into my skin, leaving me with small circular bruises on my inside wrist by the end of a few days. Since the band is molded resin, no adjustment is possible (without a blowtorch, that is...)It's eyecatching, it's a great color, but ouch!  The thing hurts, and $50 is too much to pay for anything that causes discomfort.  The watch gets 2 stars for working just fine.", "I bought this watch to my nephew and he loved!!!Nice and stilous, looks more expensive than it is.No problems or concerns at all.", "i'm a big fan of certain nike products (360 runners, ACG items, flip flops) b/c they consistently perform.  having been a timex geek forever, i hoped to update my look with something chunkier from a manufacturer i trust. i have looked at the same watch face (timex ironman triathalon) for well overf 14 years.  well...this is as chunky as it gets.  online, i thought it looked leaner and therefore more like a unisex watch than a guys.  but it is quite cumbersome and catches on shirt sleeves and other random things. and forget sleeping in it. one person said, \"cool watch, though it reminds me of lindsey lohans wrist breathalizer\".  on my slim wrists, it gets attention. as for functions:  the backlight is also the adjust button, so you can't hold it for more than 2 seconds, not too useful for night vision.  i love that you can see the current time during chronograph mode, that's ingenius b/c with timex i'm constantly alternating pressing each throughout my runs to be sure i'm not going to be late for work.  it has 2 alarm settings but only alarm 1 rings.  it's a bit too quiet to use as an alarm clock or even a back up.  the band has this clasp to ensure the excess stays put, nice feature.  the worst:  my arm loses feeling as i run b/c it's so heavy. this will probably go back.", "Looks good, durable but the funky angle will throw a lot of people off. Good for everyday use. NOT FANCY", "I had a Nike digital before that I liked. I will say though that having the battery changed was difficult. Most watch places wouldn't touch it. I ordered this one to \"upgrade\" since the band on my old one broke. Unfortunately, this one is very shiny. Both the silver part (expected) and the blue have a shiny finish. Not my style at all.", "When I recived the watch it did not work, then the Nike support service changed the battery.The problem was that the battery was not working.", "This is quite possibly the best watch I've ever worn. It looks really stylish and everyone that sees it always comments on how 'cool' it looks. It's also surprisingly comfortable, and very durable.One minor complaint is similar to the previous review to my one; the battery in mine died about 5 months after I bought it, which is shocking, seeing as my previous watch - a G-shock - was purchased in 2002 and is still working fine, and I never had to get the battery replaced. So I had to get the battery replaced, and maybe a poor battery life is the only negative to this otherwise awesome watch.", "It may be bigger for little boys, but good for young men.", "great watch! easy to use and very cute.  minus 1 star because color slightly off from photo.  much more banana-yellow than in photo.", "I really like this watch for its very nice styling and utility as a sports watch.  There are a large number of holes in the strap so it should fit a wide range of users.  I have thin wrists but the hole I use is at the halfway point on the band.  My only gripe is that the face is very hard to read in low light conditions because it is a grey color.  I wear it every day and it follows me into the shower without a problem", "This product is great for helping beginners improve their running, but it is not for the techno-phobe or those who don't want to spend quite a bit of time setting up.Be ready to do a lot of learning on your own.  The guides don't tell you how to find the information you want (current heart beat, current pace, etc), but push enough buttons on the watch, and everything will be displayed.Also excellent for those in programs of run/walk or who want to run a specific distance without going in circles at the track.  This watch tells you everything you need to know!", "I bought this to replace a Reebok strapless heart rate monitor which was horrible.  It was over $100 and was inaccurate, not to mention big and heavy on your wrist.  This Nike monitor is nice.  It looks good and is comfortable but best of all it gives constant accurate readings.The included chest strap is comfortable and stays in place.  I don't notice it and the bulge under your shirt is not conspicuous.  This device has been a great tool for my running.  I also use it as a watch everyday.  It is very basic, and thus very easy to use.  The user manual is small.  You can find a PDF version online.  This device has just 2 buttons and using it is very straight forward.The chest strap can be opened so if the battery dies you may replace it yourself, but Nike says that the heart rate monitor itself needs to be sent to them if the battery dies.  That sounds like an inconvenience so if that happens I will probably take it elsewhere.  When the chest strap makes contact with your skin, it makes a ticking noise.  You can only hear it in a quiet room (I don't hear it when I run) and other people will not notice unless they get right next to your chest and listen to it.This device has a chronograph feature but it only displays seconds, not milliseconds.  It has a 12 or 24 hour clock but no second display or date.  It does not have an alarm and cannot beep or make noise.  There is no light.  It is very basic and simple.Conclusion:  Accurate, easy to use, comfortable, attractive.  What else could you ask for.  Well I would like a light and an alarm which explains the 4 star rating.  Nevertheless, I still use this as my watch and heart rate monitor.  It works well and has had no glitches so far (unlike my previous Reebok HRM).  It was susrprisingly cheap and I recommend it.", "This product is great.  Seller not so great. I paid for expedited shipping to receive it before Father's Day.  Fedex was given the wrong shipping address (I verified I had submitted correctly on several receipts).  I had to go to another city and pick up the item at FedEx so he could have it for Father's Day. I contacted Famous Brand Watches in 3 different emails with no response at all. Fedex would not refund the expedited shipping directly to me, only to them and they haven't returned any of my emailed messages.  I'm out the expedited shipping charge and the gas that it took to track it down.Great product, but buy it from someone other than this seller.", "This Nike heart rate monitor is exactly what I wanted in such a device; constant monitoring, comfortable wearing, reasonable price, and a two-year warranty!However, the enclosed CD-ROM really shocked me with its heart rate calculator. The calculator uses the simple formula of 220 minus ones age to arrive at the recommended exercise heart rates; these are at 26 bpm to 59 bpm higher than newer studies recommend! Please enter \"heart rate\" on Wikipedia to see these newer formulae.This issue is the only reason that I am entering my opinion here, as I regard it as potentially dangerous to many users of this monitor! So, use your better judgement and enjoy your workout!", "Used the watch today to log vertical gain in hill \"sprints.\"  Repeated to original altitude numeous times with no apparent drift.I am still too green with this watch to have a firm idea of whether or not the altimeter is spot-on, but so far it looks good.Flying around in a floatplane, the gain in elevation on the watch readout was 5-10 feet off at 1200 feet.I really like the \"total system\" of having temperature, compass, barometer, altimeter, multiple alarms and countdowns.Plus the watch looks sharp and upholds my previous positive experience with Nike branded heart rate monitors.Re: the Altimeter refresh rate mentioned as irritating by a previous reviewer, there are three setting for refresh rate:  2seconds, 10s and 60s.  The factory setting is the longest interval refresh of once every 60seconds.  During training, I select the 10s refresh rate, but the 2s is still available.I do not have polarized glasses, but looking through my binoculars that have polarized lens covers, I was able to read the display perfectly well.I am very pleased with this watch. Human engineering and interface controls are good. Battery is user-replaceable.  Control buttons are positive in operation.", "Brittle!The watch face scratched easily after one day of wear.Combine that with the malfunction of two Lance 4 Oregon series watches (within a few months each) and Nike will get a pass from me in the future with regard to watches.  Poorly made with no durability.Every Casio I own keeps running despite years of use and sometimes abuse.", "I have used this watch in the outdoors several times now it works great. Just like any other Alti-Compass watch once you know how to calibrate the different features it's simple to use.I compared it to the Highgear Axis and Summit and the Nike had more features and a better look and feel to it. I have taken it hiking and it keeps very accurate readings. Once you get past the difficult user manual you are good to go.", "I love this design and the features were what I needed.  Too bad the band fell apart from the watch body within a few months.  I mailed it back to NIKE and they just put it back in another envelope and mailed it back to me.  Just the watch in an envelope without any explanation.  I was a fool an bought another Nike watch and it was supposed to be waterproof and within 6 months it fogged up.  Get smart and spend some money on a real watch.  Nike products are designed great but put together terribly....", "I got about a year out of this watch.  The band broke, and because of the way that the band is part of the watch, it cannot be replaced.  There was no sudden strike that caused the break.  It just basically wore out.  Also, for a sport watch, it is very thick and heavy.  It's usable but not a great watch, and it doesn't hold up.", "This watch broke after about 3 months.  The rubber band broke off at the watch body. Its not attached with pins (just molded plastic), so you can't repair or replace the the broken band.  I'm tough on watches.  I liked the watch features (big, easily read digits, chrono, alarms etc.). I'm now buying the fabric band version (model WA0031), hopefully it won't break.  Hope this helps.", "I absolutely love this watch. You can set two different times and switch between them very easily. Great back lighting.", "This watch is perfect for my needs.  It's stylish, functional, and durable.  I've received a compliment a week about it.", "I like this watch...the only thing is that I am left handed and am accustom to wearing my watch on my right wrist and can't do that with this watch.  Also, I havn't had a new digital watch in a long time...and the instructions for this one were not in English, so it took me a while to figure everything out.  But as far as performance goes, it is great!  I love how it's shaped, makes it much easier to focus on your run and keep track of your time.", "I love these watches---this is the 4th one I have purchased and plan to keep buying them.  The light feature is one of the reasons I purchase these and the bands with the rubberized ends so you won't lose the watch is another feature. I go to concerts and shows a lot and being able to use the light to see the time is important to me.  Please keep them in your inventory!!", "I bought this watch for my daughter, and she loved it soooooo much, it looks great on her hand, wnd for me i think it's price was great also.", "The watch is very nice and so is the visual appereance. It has lots of functions, some I don't understand yet. Now that I have gotten the hang of all the buttons, they are very helpful. I do like how you can turn the sound off and on, but I do not like that it beeps every hour when the sound is on.", "I have bought this product before and was replacing an old one.  This is the only type of running watch I will ever get.  The angled head of the watch allows you to see your time without twisting your wrist.  Trust me this is a great watch!", "Purchased as replacement of prior USA Nike Triax 50.  Great watch for running.  Original USA Triax 50 was purchased to replace the \"regular\" Nike Triax 50.  Original model has buttons that were easily pressed whenever you moved your wrist and was annoying.  The USA Nike Triax 50 resolves this problem with more recessed buttons.  Great functionality and easy to use.", "came  with no packaging and was sold as new, no paperwork and came in a different color than shown.", "Would not recommend purchasing this item.  It is as described.. however, picture very misleading.  This watch is army GREEN.  You can buy a lot better watch for the money", "This watch is well made, but overpriced for what you get. The \"crystal\" is not mineral, it is acrylic. And the hands are neither large nor luminous, as it says in the product description at Amazon.com. I would not have ordered this watch if Amazon.com or the lousy seller I bought it from would have presented an accurate description. I left a bad review for the seller, as they should know their merchandise better.", "When I got the Gymsack, It looked like I expected it to look, size and all.  Over all I am very satisfied with the purchase.", "It matches and design and color, so good and satisfied. And its delivery was very smooth.You must be satisfied, when you buy it.", "The watch was beautiful. The only thing is that I wish the tags weren't scratched off but other than that the actual watch was in good shape :)", "Nice watch. Elegant and comfortable. If you are a Arsenal fan, you have to get it, not kidding, just awesome", "My previous bag fell apart so I purchased this one.  Nice construction, roomy whithout being too big.  You can jam it in a locker if it's not overloaded. End pockets are roomy.", "This heart rate monitor was easy to operate and seems to work great. I love that it estimates the number of calories burned during a workout and is capable of interval workouts.", "These are really nice sunglasses, from an ocular and style standpoint, but the nike flash mirror coating is really easily scratched.  If you're spending this much on sunglasses, go for something a little more scratch resistant, like ray ban or something to that effect rather than being disappointed a few months later when its scratched to death and looks cheap.", "This bag is the perfect size for the gym. You can pack a couple sets of gym clothes in it along with a pair of running shoes. The side pockets are great for your magazines, paperback, water bottle and IPOD. Just the perfect bag.", "they arrived perfectly,as seen in picture and  just one pair,I bought the black ones hope they are long lasting !!!", "i love this shoes  great price good quality", "I ordered this just before my last Europe trip. I ordered it last minute and arrived at time and fits well. However one of the lace loops ripped on the third day of wearing (even before walking 10 miles........oh no after 5000 miles...I was wearing it in the plane). Fortunately my friend there had an extra pair of sneakers which fitted my foot well. Immediately after returning from my trip I sent them back and got the refund in two days. This one star is for their order handling and easy return procedure.", "Shoes were not even close to correct ones ! They put a sticker with correct shoe info over the orange box sticker that told what the real shoes were in the box....SCAMMED ? The shoes I got are High tops with a white Nike swooch and black bottems NOT EVEN CLOSE!", "Quality is great.  They're comfy and great for running.  I received the shoes right on time for my dad to bring them to where I live in another country.  Thank you for delivering them on time.  Thank you so much!", "These beauteous shoes. So good. Such run.", "Their the bomb!", "IT'S OK,", "I love them, fit great and look great. I bought these to go to work in, very light and very comfortable.", "I've owned many Nikes before, but have never had a sneaker hurt the top of my foot like this. In the past a shoe would hurt a day or 2 but not 2 weeks later.I'm sure I will purchase other Nikes in the future but this shoe is either defective or made poorly.", "This was a Fathers Day gift to my hubby and he loved them!! Arrived on time and fast shipping!!", "This was a gift for my 78 year old Dad who likes to walk in his neighborhood everyday. After the first walk he immediately called me to tell me they are the most comfortable shoes and every person he passed on the street complimented him.  Mom then called and told me how he hasn't taken them off for 2 days. Successful Father's Day gift!! Delivered on time  too.", "They nice comfortable ,  they fit perfect , like them very much, you can not ask for a better pair of shoes", "I have a wide foot and these were tight; I returned them.", "FIT AS EXPECTATED", "Nike Men's NIKE DOWNSHIFTER 5 RUNNING SHOES 10.5 (BLACK/BLACK/WHITE/MTLLC...", "Love the fit its just right", "these shoes is comfy with style. did my first workout in them and i felt well in them can do the work", "I received this shoes yesterday. I bought it like a gift to my father, and he love it. The size it's perfect, and they're very comfortable. I recommend it 100%!", "Most of my shoes slip when I run in them, but these don&#8217;t. They allow me to go further, faster because I don&#8217;t have to worry about ending up barefoot once the shoes come off by themselves. This happened before.", "simply nice", "Excellent running shoes!!  They are just what I needed.", "I bought these for my boyfriend as a gift and he loves them, he says it's like walking on a cloud, he never takes them of. I thing I set the bar pretty high", "The shoes are exactly what is described and with genuine box and the shoes are genuine aswell. Shipping was also nice and quick", "I had an older version of the same shoe. I did enjoy them for years. Finally I had to put them to rest, the sole came off. They were comfortable and had a great support.I purchased new pair hoping they would be same or at least similar.Unfortunately, they are VERY stiff and uncomfortable. It feels like they are made from cheap materials. I am hoping if I use them more and wet them they MAY feel softer and more bearable on my feet.", "it is very nice and while usually things looks better in pictures in this case the T-shirt looks better then the pic.This is a gift and I'm sure the person will love it, if it was for myself well my impression is that the material is a bit too heavy for the summer' temperatures in DC.", "The only thing missing is a clear instruction about how to ptogram the functions,  I finally found the manual---almiost dumped it...it was hidden in the packaging.  Can't set the alarm or turn on the light or adjust the the time.  two small stars", "I already own one of these watches; it's been 2 years and 2600 miles since I bought my first one and it still is in use. I just wanted another one since I love these and would be angry if I was ever without one.  They are the best for people running 6+ miles a day on a rigorous work-out schedule where times are imperative.  Water-tight and ergonomic, you barely feel it on your wrist; even after 12-15 mile runs.  The display numbers are HUGE which is perfect for quick glances without throwing off your focus or form.  I have tried many different watches, experienced broken bands and ruined watches due to too much sweat and wear; some of which cost $120+.  Don't let the price fool you, if you can find one of these in stock somewhere buy it and avoid all of that nonsense. Thanks!", "I ordered this watch and received it a few days later.  I was contacted by the seller to make sure I was satisfied with the product.  This is a handsome, light weight watch that is comfortable to wear for extended periods.Eric (Houston,Tx.)", "great product - perfectly matches a draw string Nike bag my daughter already had - well made - easy working zipper and very roomy but not too bulky", "I needed a small duffel bag to carry my workout cloths and a pair of sneekers and would fit nicely in a small locker.  This bag fits the bill nicely.  Not too large, not too small.  Has nice little side pockets to carry a MP3 player and a lock for the gym locker.  Recommended.Update: Still going strong after almost 5 years of use. Great light gym bag.", "good watch, maybe the only thing is that it seems like if it has \"fog\" on a corner of the display but you really need to look close to notice it. and maybe its only on mine.", "I absolutely adore this watch.  It looks great, the backlight and chrono/date functions are useful, and I get compliments on it all the time.  The only problem I have with it is the toll that working retail has taken on it.  I move a lot of cardboard boxes around at my job and this has caused the blue color of the leather-like top layer to wear away in spots, leaving ugly gray exposed patches on the underside of the watch.  I didn't subtract a star for this because I think most people wouldn't have this problem, but it is worth mentioning that any repetitive motion that causes the watch to touch something might wear this outer layer away.Overall though, I love the watch and am actually thinking of getting a new one just like what I have when I'm no longer working this job.", "This is a funky little timepiece that is as stylish as it is useful. It has a clear display with a light that is very handy, and it's easy to change the settings. My favourite thing about it is the pale blue leather strap with carved leaf-like patterns.", "This is my first heart monitor watch. Satisfied with the product overall.  Excellent color for a women (I did not want black), neutral color easily blends in with wardrobe.  However, instructions did not clearly explain all functionalities of the watch. At the gym, sometimes the monitor does not display accurate heart rate on machine. (this could be an issue with the equipment)  I was reluctant about wearing the monitor, but to my surprise it is very comfortable. Definitely worth what I paid.", "I bought this monitor a year ago. It is a good monitor and does a good job reading my heart rate. The extra features on the watch are nice as well. The only complaint I have is that the plastic latch that hold the elastic piece to the monitor strap you see here cracked and broke early on. I used it nearly every day for a month before it happened. I've made do with a little velcro loop, but expected the original product's system to last longer.", "It's beautiful and it's a good watch, but I didn't rate it with 5 stars because the color is not as it looks on the picture, the brown color is a lot darker. It's still a nice watch but it's just not as it looks here.", "I am a schoolbus driver and had been searching for a nice looking digital watch I can look at in a glance. Its often dark in the mornings and I needed a watch that lights up. I find most digital watches really ugly. This watch is really nice looking, and if the band was nicer I would of kept it. The quality was great but the band is not leather and is really bulky and uncomfortable.", "It's quite useful, maybe not so easy to use, but once you get to dominate it, it's not so hard. It's very fashionable and it make people look at it because it's not an ordinary watch.", "Bought this watch in 2009.  Great Watch ! But rubber strap lasted less than 2 years.  Whilst the watch is still in good condition I can't find a replacement strap for the WC0037 Model.  These watches are not the cheapest so would be nice to be able to replace the strap and get a few more years out of it.", "I was looking for a sporty type watch that I could also wear out, this is it. It's idiot proof, as I have trouble setting digital watches. Easy to use, very pretty. The band is dark brown, like the other review said, but I'm glad I read it because dark brown is what I was looking for.", "I love this watch!  I wanted a digital \"fashion\" watch and this one is very unique.  I like the features of the watch (digital with back light and has the date).", "This seems to be an excellent buy.  Very large digits and an excellent backlight for night reading.Access to the battery compartment is via a readily accessable screw off battery compartment cover, something I have only seen on one other quartz watch.", "The watch is very discreet for a sports watch which makes it convenient to wear everyday.However, it gets scratched easily.I had one for 2yrs and when it broke I bought the same one again.", "I bought this watch for everyday use. Unfortunately, the band is quite stiff and thick, making it very uncomfortable for me as I work on a computer almost all day. I also found the strap to be very difficult to latch/unlatch because it's so stiff. I wouldn't recommend it.", "Great ball shoe they hurt the side of ur toes somewhat but there awesome I love them", "4 star", "Very nice", "My son loves these shoes and he never gets excited about much. Good job!", "Perfect fit", "These were bought for my husband and he loves them. They fit perfect, great new condition just like the pic. He loves they way they feel wearing them, super light weight.  I would Definitely recommend to a friend.  Shipped quick. Very pleased.", "Great watch for work or going out on the town.\"Heavy duty to say the least\" The features I like best are,the band lock notch and clearty of the time and date.", "Bought the Nike Men's Press Watch recently and have been exceptionally satisfied; The watch is a great size, it has nice styling (use it for sport, dress it up, or keep it casual - this watch can pull it off) Everything on the watch feels sturdy and well made (a nice change from the Phillippe Starck watches i had in the past!!!)", "my husband is in the navy and through bootcamp and swimming the watch never broke and stopped. the battery still is working", "Because this watch is angled sideways, I found I was always reading it wrong, expecting the 12 to be where the 10.5 is, and expecting 3 where the 2 is. Making the watch at this angle is a clever concept, but it's tough to change a lifetime of habit.", "i am a 19 year old female. i purchased this watch for nursing school bc i liked that it has all the numbers, dashes for seconds and a second hand. warning to buyers that think this is a boys watch bc it most defiantly is not. the nike swoosh and numbers are pink. anyone worried about size i have about a 6 and a 1/2 inch wrist and it fits my wrist just fine. the quality and comfort of the watch is fab...but i am worried about scratching the face of it due to the fact that the glass is raised above the edges so it is susceptible to scratching although i wore it all week and there are no scratches on it yet. overall for the price i paid 14.95...i think it was well worth it and i do love the looks of it.", "Ordered this as a replacement for a similar Nike watch. Nice, unusual shape. Watch is great because the numbers displaying the time are huge (probably about a half inch tall) and easy to see at a distance. Alarm function is useful too. Holds up well over time.", "I purchased this watch for myself, based upon its appearance and features.  However it is HUGE; to the point it looks absurd on my wrist.  I still like the look, and gave it to my husband instead.  It works well for him.", "I really liked the look of this watch when I bought it and I received a ton of compliments when I wore it. Unfortunately within 4 months the screws suddenly fell off somewhere and the watch came apart. I was a little disappointed.", "Do not recomend it. Yes it's pretty, but it breaks too easily.Mine broke 2 months after the purchase. Waste of money.", "This is the second of these type watches I've purchased in 6 weeks.  The first lost the top of the watch in 3 1/2 weeks.  I tried again with this purchase, and after 3 days the watch band broke.I think the Nike product is just put together poorly, and is no reflection on the vender, who saved me more than 1/2 price from the retail price.", "I bought this watch a few weeks ago because I lost my other one. I was very impressed with the quality of the product. It's comfortable, waterproof and the display is crystal clear.", "I love the watch. I was surprised when I saw the color. I thought it would be aqua rather than blue, but I like it. I formerly had a pink one. This one has a larger bracelet. I felt more secure with the smaller one, but will definitely keep it.", "Great watch,it`s even nicer than the discription and the picture.Arrived at time in excelent conditions.", "This article is of very poor quality. Not responded to the ecpectativas he had, and to be honest I would not recommend anyone this article.", "I purchased two pairs of these sunglasses, one for my husband and one formy Dad and they both loved them.  They are a nice shade of blue with really nice lenses.", "These sunglasses are very durable. The nose piece is flexible, making it possible to change the height the sunglasses sit on your face, and very comfortable earpieces. The ear pieces are somewhat flexible and do not put to much pressure on the sides of your head making it very comfortable to wear. The nose and ear pieces are both coated with some type of rubber which is very comfortable.", "This is a fantastic watch - it's got a good, chunky frame but is very light and the display is large and easy to read. Ordered it from watchsavings through amazon and saved about 40% based on what nike.com was asking.", "Don't expect a watch that can play music or tell you to get the groceries. This watch is a very simple sports watch. The band is going to last a long time as should the face. I got it for working out and paintball because it's all black and sleak looking. Don't expect this watch to go with your night-life outfits. Just stick to the working out and sports.", "These sneaks are cute and I do like them, but I have wide feet and I have some maneuvering to do before I can actually get my foot in them. I normally wear a 7.5 shoe, so I went with an 8. If I were to order these again, I would go 8.5 - they run small. Aside from that, I think I am using different muscles when I walk in them because my bum and hamstrings seem to be sore the next day after a long walk in them (this didn't happen in other sneaks). Overall, a decent shoe.", "OMG!!! What comfort, what support, what fit!! Ok, these were the exact thoughts that went thru my mind the first two miles of my first run in my brand new AST 10+. Its probably the best shoe I have owned so far in my short running experience of about 3 years. I used to swear by Asics 2xxx series. They now have a worthy competitor! Would heartily recommend them to anyone who love the Asics 2xxx, the Brooks Adrenaline GTS series (the top 2 stability shoes in the market) as well as those who use stability shoes in general. For the record, am a male, age 38, 157, so they are perfect for lighter runners like me.", "Very comfy shoes and not flashy. These sneakers go with almost everything I wear so it's easy when I'm in a rush to toss them on and go.", "First off I like to say thank you to the seller for getting them to me with in three days.  I love these shoes, they are machine washable, nice design, clean and comfortable fitting. The price was reasonable too.  One thing I also love about these shoes is even though the sides of the bottom portion of the shoe is white the actual bottom of the shoe is black which is good because I was a little uneasy with buying them at first.  Im glad I bought them from off Amazon because I dont have to worry about going to the local Foot Locker and have a seller try to pump more money out of ME then what I expected to spend. (Even though I know no one can make you buy anything unless they are good at selling you a bs story about why you need the socks and matching insoles which means more money spent) I hate when sellers do that, that is why I dont go to Gamestop anymore either, but thats another story for another time. Online forever bye! bye! middle man.", "The shoes are definitely nice and fit. It's nike + amazon! Although it takes a couple more days than i expected to be delivered, what else can you complain about that?", "As a sneaker collector, I am always on the prowl for Nike Dunks, so I was extremely happy to find these on amazon. They were delivered within 72 hrs. I love the shoes, especially since finding the pre-sb dunks is not that easy. This is Great company to deal with and would highly recommend buying shoes from them.", "I bought this for son and I am very pleased of the product and the shipping was on time. My son was very happy and pleased as well. He said it is very comfortable and not stiff. I Would  highly Recommend.", "-----The Good Stuff------great ventilation and cushioning-lightweight impact protection-really versatile shoe, can wear with almost anything-offers breathability-full mesh upper and phylon midsole-has a cushioned collar for protection around ankle-rubber waffle outsole for traction-lots of cool-----The Not So Good Stuff------they run just a little bit big with the size-----Other Comments-----I have owned many different kinds of nikes and the Nike Roshe Runs have got to be one of the most comfortable shoes that I own.Wearing these shoes makes it feels like you're walking on pillows. They are really stylish also, and Nike offers a wide variety of selection.Although these shoes are really stylish and look \"cool\" I would not recommend running in them. In my opinion, I feel like they arepretty big and too heavy for running. All in all, Nike Roshe Runs are a really comfortable shoe.Review by Anthony Sarmiento", "did not expect the base to be too fluo, the pics did not show it, but I love it anyway", "Comfy and look great. My son was thrilled with them. We would order these again.He got them in blue", "I WISH I COULD BUY 10 MORE PARES IF I COULD ITS LIKE WEARING SOX ON MY FEET AND THEY MATCH EVERYTHING.THANK U VERY MUCH!!!!", "I purchased these shoes for my son and within a week the fabric tore on both shoes. I would not reccommend these shoes to anyone at all. I will be definitely sending the shoes back to receive a refund. Very disapointed!!!", "hi i like this shoe it is so comfy and i wanna buy it how much would u start the price at", "Very comfortable.", "Comfortable", "What you can't see in the pictures is that the whole inner side of these shoes are BRIGHT GREEN. Regardless, these shoes are comfortable as they can be to walk in. I've never tried running in them yet. 3 stars for the bright green inner side, plus, i saw the exact same shoes at a local shoe store for cheaper.", "And they came fairly fast Everyone says they like them and they r very comfortable and light weight I don't reget buying and I had them for awhile now and they r still in good condition", "I really liked the roshe runs, I just wished I bought it eariler but plan on buying more, stay tuned", "It is the best and I like it a lot. Thanks the Nike team!", "Very Good Fits Perfectly And Feels So Good For Going To Gym , Running Or Just Walking I Have Used It For Everything Best Shoes In The World I Have Almost All Of Them All Colors But One Thing I Didnt Like Was That Its Over Prices But I Don't Really Care Cause I Got Money To Blow", "Very nice sneakers, my son used it and last 2 months. The red material came up part, He was using it for sports (volly, Basket and running) A very expensive shoe and did not last for long. It is a good walking shoe!!", "As soon as I opened the box, I noticed that the shoes were scuffed up horribly. There are black marks all over the sole of the shoe plus the side of the shoe. The marks won't come off as well..", "Great shoe for general use, not a real running shoe....very comfortable with or w/o socks. Perfect summer footwear, light too!", "wear 9 in converse9 in clarks desert boots / red wing heritage9.5 in vans10 in most nikesi got this in 10most comfortable shoe of all time although the thick sole and thin upper may lead to accidental ankle rolling.  havent tried these out for running yet.  looks great too with a side profile / sillhouette similar to nike stefan janoskis", "One of my friends got a pair of these and kept telling me how awesome they are, so I bought a pair since i needed a new pair of shoes anyway. For the past 3 or 4 years I have been wearing free runs and I love them, and I saw a review on zappos saying that if you liked free runs that you would like these Roshe Runs. That is definitely not true. Free runs are light, flexible, and feel more natural since they conform to your feet, but Roshe Runs on the other hand have very hard foam soles, and are not flexible at all compared to free runs. The only part of this shoe that I like is that is feels like a sock with a sole. Another thing is that I saw a review that said to order a half a size smaller than you usually would, so I did, and it was still massive. I had about 2 cm of extra room in front of my toes. I would reccomend ordering a full size smaller than you usually would.", "On the website nike.comi can get it for $70 when its not sold out.if it is i can get it for $110 using nike id.why is it $144? last week i saw it was $90", "Good fit.light weight", "PERFECT EVERYTHING!!!! THESE SHOES IS MY MUZZAFELKIN NEW FREEINDS YO. IF UZ UP 2 ME ID OWNZ LYK 200 PURRZ OF DEEZ HOEZ, YA FEEL ME..? REAL SHI BRUH", "This is the only shoe I will use for my running.  I run 3 miles everyday, rain or shine, sickness or health and this is the only shoe that allows my body to do that.  I've tried on others, but the fit of the Pegasus is second to none.  Thank you Nike for making the Pegasus!", "I order it on the 29 and I get this product on the 1st and its stands shipping, from Utal to CaliforniaI bought the purple one I look great and I'm very happy with it", "I just received a pair of size 12 Nike 6.0 Mavrks in black/white from this page and I love them. They look rad, got here in 4 days on Standard shipping and they just are awesome.", "This is a great watch.  I've never seen a design quite like it; it's quite an eye-catcher.  It's also very durable.  I've knocked around the clasp quite a bit and it stays secure and hasn't gotten a single scratch.  I may pick up another one to give as a gift if the price goes down (I found it to be slightly on the pricy side).", "I was unable to give a 5 star for this order due to a crease being on the side of one of the shoes. It isn't all that noticeable, but that along with a small white mark that I was able to rub off the shoe was unexpected. I can't complain too much because I decided to order the shoe online when I probably could have gotten it cheaper in the stores due to the shipping cost. Besides all of that, the shoes fit just right, are nice and comfortable and exactly as described.", "I am FDNF in Japan and the shipping over here was excellent. Thank you for sending these shoes to me.", "Great shoes. Fit great. Very durable.  I have been wearing these shoes at work 10-11 hours a day delivering parcels for a couple weeks. So far comfortable and durable.", "I've been searching the past few years for these Solid Black Air Forces and had No Luck but Once I came across them on here, I ordered them right away. They Arrived when expected and I've been Satisfied since. Thank You.", "Classic", "deliverd on time. fits great as i thought they would. I allready had a pair. the heals do were down quick. I get about 3 months out of a pair.", "They were okay as far as the length but they very on the narrow side. Overall the shoe quality is fine.", "I bought these shoes for my husband and he loves them!  He wears them to work and he is on his feet all day but he finds them very comfortable and supportive.  This is his 4th or 5th pair over the last few years.  They wear well and I hope Nike keeps selling them!", "I love these shoes. I prefer the low tops because the high/mid ones make a strange &#34;leathery squish&#34; noise when I walked. I really suggest going to a store and trying them on before ordering online. I wear 10s in AF1s but 10.5 in any other brand.They always look good with anything.", "I was worried when I bought these shoes that they would be an ugly shade of brown due to inaccurate color reproduction on my computer monitor. Such was not the case though. This is a nice pair of Air Force 1's in exactly the color I was looking for. Sweet!", "must have mat black shoes for work.  These shoes are comfortable for the long hrs that i'm on my feet for at work. Replace them every 1 1/2 or so.", "I wear a size 12. This is more like a size 13. It is nice looking though for a sandle", "These slides are very stylish, made of quality lightweight materials, and contours to the shape of your feet.  Unless of course you're like me and have flat feet.  The arches stick me in the ball of my feet all day and feel quite uncomfortable after just a few minutes of wear.  I would probably die if I had to wear these at the beach all day.  Every other slide or flip flop I've tried was flat.  Why couldn't they just leave well enough alone and make them flat like they're supposed to be?  Since they are so light, and hug your feet so well, I guess they would be nice for all you normal people out there, but if you have flat feet like me, STAY AWAY!!!!  Your feet will thank you.*********** 2 Year Update**********I kept wearing them, and my flat feet eventually flattened out the shoe.  Now they're quite comfortable, and they're still holding up after 2 years with no cracks, so I upgraded my rating from 2 to 3 stars.", "I lived in these when I spent a month in Hawaii.They're classy (not garish like so many), cheap, lightweight, durable and don't retain water. I wouldn't be surprised if they float, but I haven't checked.Can't find these in stores any more, so I'm stocking up.", "Here in Hawaii, everybody wears what we call slippahs(slippers). As soon as you get through work, take off  the stupid shoes, and put on the slippers. I'd hate to think how many pairs of slippers the average Hawaii resident wears in a lifetime. It would be a LOT, because we wear them all the time, everywhere(except work). So, when you have kalua(big)feet like me, size 14, it's hard to find my size. Hello Amazon! Size 100, no problem. Anyway , I love these slippers. They're made from one continuous piece of rubber(as opposed to the usual two piece style). So, they'll last. And because they fit perfectly, comfort is guaranteed. Best slippers I've owned so far.", "men i am a female who bought this for my boyfriend who is a Fed US Agent. so i want to see him relaxed for a min. i order these in a size 11 for I know what is in style for men. i seen that almost all sizes were avilable only to get them on 7/3/2010 and noticed they are super big. yes, they sent me a size 12. what a disappointment on service. no one reads. i spend my time to get something online when i can go right to NYC Niketown store or NBA store where I shop all the time. who knew this would be so bad. then i email the guy who does not send me a returned label but wait until Amazon files a complaint. y spend my hard earned money to ship it back when the mistake is there to see the take 3 weeks to process a return. heck no. too long for customer to wait. i need my money now as it was given. hire help if you are too busy to read a shoe size. never again. i will stick with what i know best.", "I bought these for my son who does not like to wear flip flops.  He loves these!!  Easy on and easy to wear.  They are also very durable.", "Absolutely love this watch.  Is sporty, cool looking.  The only thing is that it gets dirty quickly but a quick wipe with a moist rag, gets rid of that.  Love it though!", "started to tear along the rim above the laces but not too bad and dont really mind it. shoes are comfortable and look great", "I love it didnt even get dirty beutiful quality just the right size well done very good job well done", "Great product", "I got them for my from they fit fine he likes them they are grippy so they won't fall off.", "I ordered these sandals in size 11 men's for my husband and I received size 11 women's even tho the reciept states men's the tag on the shoe states women's .. they don't fit him .. :-(", "The product arrived on time and in great condition.  Also the sizing was perfect!  This is to fill space because it makes you have too many words for a simple explanation.", "I have these in black, blue and gray, and I like them a lot.  They are all size 10 but the blue pair fits differently to the other two.  No matter, they will see a lot of wear.", "They can on time and they fit perfectly!", "Fits perfect, and is it very comfortable.  The inside is very soft and it looks nice with blue jeans, thanks.", "It looks OK-OK. It has a little hard base. So do not consider if you need a very soft base.", "I purchased a size 11 but feels like 9. The length is right, but the width does not match with the size. Too tight.", "really comfy and perfect for the summer. also they go with basically everythingreally comfy and perfect for the summer. also they go with basically everything", "These are exactly what he wanted.", "I bought these sandals for my husband and he loves them.  The size fits perfectly and are very comfortable to wear.  The shoes are water resistent as well.  No complaints so far.", "uncomfortable", "Usually when ordering sandles, they run a little large, but this this case, I would say they run a little small. Keep that in mind when buying. Overall still comfortable and good.", "I'm not sure if this was intended for humans. I ordered a size 14, and it is long enough (a bit too long even), but it's about half as wide as my foot.Buy at least 2 sizes larger if you want this thing to fit.Quality seems good though, solid rubber, good padding, too bad it's shape and sizing is WAY off.", "It's not that they think it looks cool.. (and if you're that person.. trust me they do not make you look cool stop trying to do what everyone else is doing)  They are simply trying to stretch them out a little so they can have circulation back in their feet.", "My husband was pleased as its not easy to find shoes sandles or slippers for size 15. Ill be sure to shop this site again.", "I've been wearing these around the house for a long time now and they are always really comfortable and are still in great condition despite the fact that shoes don't usually last me very long.  I'm really happy with this purchase.", "So I got a Size 9 my normal foot size. i got a size 10 since I read comments that said it was to small and the band across the front is still tight even though its a size up. So go up like 2 sizes. other then that uber comfy!", "They seem really small. And I don't have big feet. They aren't small (ladies) but not huge either. Just average. But the sandals are tiny.", "I really like these. This is my 3rd pair, and they are very comfortable. good for walking around the house.", "Fit great", "This product is very comfortable to wear and great for wearing before and after baseball games. Another great product by nike.", "fast shipping .fair pricei recommend these sandals if your interested.product is just as shown in the picture .i would buy again.", "I suck at wearing sandals.  Thong style is not even an option for me.  I purchased this with very high hopes.  I'm sure a lot of the problem has to do with me but they constantly slip off.  After trying on a bunch of other Nike sandals at a sporting goods store, i regretted this purchase.  There are so many better options out there.  Go try some on in person before buying online.", "Not a lot of choices for men wearing a size 18 but we can always count on Nike to fit well for my son.", "My boyfriend and I work at a summer camp and he really needed shoes he could wear around water. I bought him these and I was a little worried, but they're perfect. He's flat footed but these shoes fit him wonderfully, and they dry in a reasonable amount of time if you leave them out to do so. They're comfortable and he wears them all the time now. Thanks!", "I have have many pair of cheap shower type foot wear and did not think it make that much better if I spent more. Was I wrong as this pair is great on my feet and looks great and have kept up with a lot of wear and tear but still look and feel new.", "They were a gift for my so. And he wears them everyday. I would buy another pair.  Great gift, great color as well.", "I'm a size 12 with a wider than average foot and these are a little snug, but seem to be breaking in and are very comfortable.  I'd recommend them!", "order came on time and in all original packaging. i ordered these for my husband for our beach trip and he loved them. He has a narrow foot so they were a little big on him and they seem to run just a little big for him but they were great shoes over all.", "Good material soft and stretchy to conform to my feet. However I only went 1 size up and I have wide feet, so they don't fit well.", "The base of the shoe fits well.  However the strap over the top is tight on my foot and doesn't allow it to slide all the way to the front.  I feel like it's getting broken in. But they work fine to wear to the gym!", "The upper is too small and although the sole fits fine, it is difficult and uncomfortable to slip in and out of these slippers, which I bought as pool shoes. I would not recommend these except maybe for a person with flat feet.", "These are narrow and overpriced.  I went crazy trying to get a pair that were wide enough and finally found some at Walmart for 6 bucks.  They are not made by Nike but who cares?  They work great and are comfortable.", "these shoes are a very comfortable fit for daily use and i would highly recommend purchasing a pair for yourself.", "My husband is very pleased with item.  The sandals fit just right and this is the second pair that I've purchased for him (the other pair is a similar pair made by Nike).  I highly recommend this item for young and old.", "Somehow I expected an adjustable strap.  Silly me.  There is no adjustment on the bright blue plastic babies.  So long as you have a flat foot - no high arch - it'll work.  Otherwise, it's just another &#34;toss in the closet&#34; item.  I have a lot of shoes back there, so what's another pair?", "I should have known better than to have ordered my exact size in these slippers, then again, it didn't say anywhere on the reviews that they ran small.  Other than that I'm sure they would have been very comfortable.", "I bought these for my 11 year old son, and they fit true to size.  He loves them, and says they are very comfortable.", "My husband loves these shoes and so do I. I think I wear them more that he does. Very comfortable.", "Feel comfortable in my feet. It doesn't hurt my feet. I can walk in the street with it in my feet", "These are very comfy and I like them a lot. They are like sturdy spa slippers and feel very soft. Easy to put on and off. Perfect for the summer.", "I've had this for years. It's every comfortable, and fits just &#34;well&#34; on my feet.The price is also reasonable for this quality; however, do not ever bend the sandals (try not to, even if it was an accident)because the rubber is too fragile, and will crack eventually (which really isn't great at all)", "perfect size on time i like this product and it is very cheap i recommend this color size perfect product", "My Step-son has been wanting a pair of these and we finally bit the bullet and got them this year!", "Bought these to wear casually around instead of flip-flops.  They are lightweight and extremely comfertable, moreso than I had anticipated.  They wipe clean easily as others have said, only downside I noticed (and it's not that big of a deal,) is that they are not actually leather.  For the price, they are worth every penny.", "THe sandals are very nice, wish we would have ordered a larger size.  We will know better next time.  Otherwise, arrived in a timely manner and in good condition.", "Very nice sandal but the top is too tight, and not adjustable. I got size 12, the length is good, but my foot won't slide in past my toes, so my heel hangs off the back & the front sticks way out. So I bought Walmart slide sandals for $7 which fit & work fine.", "awesome nike slides! my first pair! a tip, dont use them while balling it will destroy them!!!but theyre comfy and cool and i like it", "I ordered a 12 and can barely stuff my foot in it.  I have never needed anything larger than a 12 so the sizing is clearly off.", "Just gave them to my son today for guys birthday and he loves them", "Unfortunately these are my second pair because my wife bought me the same ones I had before for my birthday buy didn't know that I had to get rid of them because in the heat they shrink! No lie, anywhere, the beach, lake, your car, you leave them there for an hour or two and they are three sizes too small! Never been so disappointed with nike for selling a crap product at a high mark up, they need to get rid of these sandals! They are horrible!", "I bought these sandals since they where advertised as usable for showering for the gym, the strap retains water and are not easy to dry to keep in a gym bag.As with most Nike footwear, the sandals are too small for wide feet which I expected.  They keep good traction in shower though.", "i was looking for some sandals because i hate the thong style flip flop and i came across these and they are great.  Very comfortable, built to last and easy to clean.  I would recommend these sliders.", "Great sandals", "I never where shoes now due to these. very comfortable and wearable in socks. Socks! yes, I wear them with socks", "They sent us slides 4 sizes to small that's not an accident that was awful of them to do. its so hard to return things and that's what they want to send you anything they want and hope you cant or wont send it back! Wont ever buy from there again!!!!", "Extremely comfortable my boyfriends loves these and I steal them all the time. Bought them as a gift but wish they were mine.", "Super narrow. I couldn't even get 3 of my toes in them. Shipping cost make returning them almost pointless. Look elsewhere.", "the 16 is my sons size but they run large so order a size smaller but he still loves them I brought two pairs . I had to return his first set, they were wide .  No problem with returns!!", "I bought these for my son and they were a perfect fit and he wears them all the time! Great!!!!", "After reading the reviews of others who may have ordered this same slippers I decided to order a size bigger because in the reviews it was stated that its a small fit so may have to order one or two sizes up. Unfortunately I did so and it was too big for my dad. He said it is most comfortable so i will surely recommend it to others its just that the size up does not work for everyone.", "These might fit a woman with size 10 feet, but they are way too small for me.  In lieu of returning them, they went to the Salvation Army.", "I wear a 13 gym shoe and get 14 in sandals...these are a little snug but will likely break in to be ok", "It is very comfortable but I needed a size 7 instead of 6. I will be returningit soon. would you be able to send me a size 7. Thank you I will recommend this product for all my friends.", "I gave these as a gift and they are of excellent quality and comfort the receiver loved them and said they will buy this kind again", "Great, they were just what he wanted and fit perfect. Much easier than going to the mall and trying to find the exact thing my son wanted.", "The look of the sandals are a little different than the picture. When I got mine, I ordered a white symbol nike sandal and received a black one. Not only that, I received two different size sandals. At least the sandals felt comfortable.", "I bought these sandals for my grandson who happens to have large size feet.  He cannot find these in a store and was very happy to find them online.  They fit very well and was impressed with the elastic, instead of Velcro, that keeps the sandal on his feet.", "good value", "This was a gift to my boyfriend and he loved it! The shoe is true to size and very comfortable. :)", "These were a gift for my 12 year old, they fit well. He says they are comfortable and they were a good deal.", "These sandals feel great. The top strap is a bit tight and I've got a rather slim foot, but, overall shoe sizing seems accurate and the strap padding is very soft. I was thinking about using these for shower shoes, but I'm not sure about getting soap suds in the layer of padding under the strap.Overall a great sandal from Nike.", "These were nice, they were kinda tight and hard to just &#34;slip on&#34;, but they fit after you break them in a little bit. However, just because they are Nike, doesn't mean they are the best quality. On the heel of the sandals, the rubber seemed wrinkled and didn't look good, but the people I bought them from want a restocking fee and return shipping to be paid by the buyer, which was more than the actual product, so I decided to not pay twice for something I wasn't going to keep. Also, near my toes they started to tear on the left foot. I think I just got the bad egg of the dozen, but I think I might get something better next time.", "I have had these for about 2-3 years so far and they are still as good as new. Made in Vietnam, these Benassi Swoosh sandals are comfortable due to the injected Phylon midsole and surprisingly durable. I would think that the logo would come off pretty easily over time, but it's still there, just as new. I've worn these not only at home, but also outside in wet/dry, rough terrain. I just need a wipe with a moist towel and you won't be able to tell the difference between a new one and this one.", "Look like I was expected. I will take to my country, my nephew will be happy. These sandals looks terrific, and comfortable.", "Nice sandal, but the fit was too small - narrow and short.", "These were a Christmas gift for my brother.  he wears them all the time..  we're the same size so I tried them on and they have a nice fit", "I knew I should have gotten a larger size as my feet are bigger than a ten but this color was only available in a ten, so ten it was. So damn comfortable, even being small.  They will stretch in time.  LOVE THESE!", "nice product i choose somewhat small size but it's okayi would recommended this to every one i know for sure", "I look for traction and fit in such footwear.  These have both.  I have used them for a couple of months.  The grip on my feet is not great, but it's a very good product.", "undetailed photo of this slide does not reveal that is a non-adjustable width sandal.  very narrow for most feet. had to return them and buy adidas.", "The 12 fits like an 11 in the and the strap is NOT ADJUSTABLE and way too tight...And no I don't fave fat feet...  Sending back.", "These are one of the best sandals I've ever had. I have a pair of Reefs too but these are usually what I wear. The fit seems right on the money and after a short break in they just feel great. Not wild about the big swoosh thing but you can't have everything.", "The strap is very tight initially, hoping that they will stretch with use. I like everything else about the sandal.", "The sandals are of high quality. It is little bit hard to put them on as the main strap is tight.", "Great for summer.  I use them almost daily.  Great for around the house, or even on the deck.  Great for going in the boat and jumping in the water if you have to.  Very comfortable.", "Great product for a reasonable price. I looked at other items that were the same but much more expensive and was very happy with the cheaper product. The sandals fit my husband perfectly and are very comfortable. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for brand name sandals at a reasonable price.", "I bought these for my b/f about 7 months ago. He's a size 10D and they fit perfectly. He's wears them everywhere and they're still going strong.", "We bought the first pair of these sandals for our son about 8 years ago at an outlet store--since he wore a size 18 we were thrilled  to find ANY sandal.  Although we've purchased several pairs of other brands' sandals since then, they didn't last nor were they as comfortable for him.  Finally this spring they wore out, and we were so happy to still be able to find them!", "My son had been looking for these and asked me if I would get on line and see if I could find a better price than he had found.  They are exactly what he wanted and the price was 4 dollars less than he could find plus I got free shipping, etc.  I gave him the bill but as of yet he hasn't paid dear old Dad ... so I guess I just gave him yet another gift!!  We are both pleased either way. :-)", "I would recommend this to anyone who wants comfortable shoes. They are simple and great for around the house. My finace loved them", "still using this item. the item is comfortable when worn. i use it everyday. even though it is somewhat big. it's okay.", "Don't bother begging for foot massages anymore, these slides - with their bumpy (but not painfully bumpy) footbeds - soothe your feet with every step. Or so my son says. They fit a high instep snugly, but if you have a low instep they have a tendency to slide off if you're walking up an incline. They're also great as shower-pool-beach shoes, as they dry quickly.Moms, take note, there are no more excuses for not taking out the trash!", "This are very nice sandals and for a fair price. I am wearing them as I am posting this and they feel fantastic. These sandals are also great looking and better yet they are black! If you want a nice looking slippers/sandals for a reasonable price by all means buy!", "My husband has such a hard time finding shoes.  He found this exact pair in Australia and they lasted 2 years!  He was happy I was able to find them here.  Great product!  If you want something that lasts, then buy these!", "I love these things- easy on, easy off, comfortable as all get out just tough to find.  Perfect as footwear", "In my opinion these are some of the best flip flops money can buy. Simple design, you'll see them everywhere worn by the younger generation. They take a couple of days to break them in, and make sure you order a size up. As I wear a 13 but could have used a 14", "I bought these sandals so I could relax my feet after playing basketball all day at the gym. I also wear them around the house because they're pretty comfortable.", "My husband is 6'3 tall and weighs 215lbs.  He said they are comfortable and support his size well!  Great buy for the price and delivery was fast.", "We live on Okinawa and it rains a lot here. My hubby needed something to slip on so he could take the trash out without putting his shoes on. We have ants, so the trash either goes out or it's in the freezer. These will work just fine!", "My usual size is 9.5. You can feel somewhat small when you try this for the first time, but as time goes by, this will customize your feet by slightly extending.", "I have the black and white, the blue and white and now I have the gray on gray. I have been buying these same flip flops for years and years, I love them. They are so comfortable for a 6'5 big guy with flat feet.", "My son picked these out and was very pleased with them. He got them as a birthday present. Perfect fit!", "I love my purchase, great fit and great price will recomend to others, love my nike air maxes really confortable!!", "I like this product and it was a gift. The person loved it and it was like the original one.Great timing and loved that it was in great condition.", "I recommend this watch to make a gift. Its very small and beautiful, sure I liked 10000% satisfied, thanks amazon for make reality this purchase!!", "I love the looks and thought behind this watch. The performance, however, doesn't match up. As other reviewers have noted, the backlight and alarms are so weak to be non-existent. When I contacted the seller about a replacement (great service from Dexclusive, btw), they said they would but were otherwise sending all their stock back to Nike/China. The finish, the logic, the band's comfort were all very good. This is a bigger watch, fyi.Checking other sites lately suggest many vendors are \"out of stock\". I hope it returns but in a better version.", "The watch is perfect. The material is excelent. It was a present for my wife. She was very happy. She loves it", "Really like the looks of this watch and got a much lower price on amazon.com than was priced on the Nike site.", "I have used Nike watches for all of my run timing for many years. I have been very happy with the previous versions that I've had except for one thing - they are designed so that you can't really replace the battery on your own. That means every time I need a new battery I have to go to the Fast Fix place in the mall and pay a third of the price of the watch just to get a new battery put in.So when I saw the New Nike Triax Speed 300 on the web site with the feature that it had a battery compartment for easy replacement, I was sold. However, now that I've had the watch for a while, I am disappointed in a number of the other changes that they made in how it operates -to the point that I am thinking about pulling my old watch out of the drawer and heading for the mall.Changes I don't like:- The light for the dial. In my previous version, you could press and hold the light button and then any subsequent buttons of any kind that you pushed would cause the light to come on. That's great for when I am running in the dark. Every time I took an interval, the dial would light up and I could see the time. The new Triax dropped that feature. Now every time you want to light it up you have to hit the light button. So that means multiple button presses each time I want to take an interval in the dark.- The old watch had a way to set it so every button push would cause an audible beep. That's a nice feature so that you are sure you hit the lap button, etc. The new one has that as well, but for some strange reason they tied that to the feature that has the watch beep every hour. I don't want to have the watch beep at the top of the hour as that is way to Geeky for me, but there is no choice.- For the data saving part of the new watch they eliminated recording the date and time with the run. I tend to save up a week or two's worth of runs and then copy the data into my spreadsheet. It was easy when the dates were there to remember which day that was, what loop I took, etc. Now it is much more of a guessing game.That's it, pretty minor stuff I guess, but I really liked the way the old watches worked and really got used to the way they operate.", "\"The big numbers show you your total time, lap time or both with the push of a button.\"This description isn't completely true.  The total time is not visible after hitting the split button (only the last split is visible).", "I love this watch. This is the best price by far I've ever seen for this product. They were so nice and even set the watch, so all I needed to do was open and wear. I can't figure out how to not make it beep on the top of the hour...kinda annoying but sometimes it's nice to have a reminder", "The watch is nice and works fine, but I've found it too thick and kind of big for a woman's watch. I would like it way more if it was a little more slim and ergonomic.", "Bought it for a friend who was incredibly delighted. She even wanted to buy many more of them, one of each color.", "While I loved the styling of the watch, what other purchasers failed to describe was how poor the display really is.  The face is incredibly dim and hard to read, and even with the glow light was very hard to see.  I was hoping that given the size and clarity of the face the opposite would be true. Unfortunately, I was sorely disappointed and sent the watch back.", "Has worked great for me.  The chest strap is very comfortable, and i forget that im wearing it after a while.  The monitor even sends my heart rate to all of the equipment at my gym(life fitness) I wear it as an every day watch as well.", "I bought this product because i was about to start a gym regimen. The clock offers all that they announce, but what i really did not like was the fact that the strip of the clock is so stiff that actually harm your skin. I hope that with the time it will loose up.", "I have been running about 15 - 20 miles per week for the last 2 - 3 months, and was looking for something to bring more purpose to my fitness levels.  Although, I just received this watch, after only 2 uses (and one of those uses was to set up the customized/personal heart rate zones) I see TREMENDOUS benefit with this in my program.  It does not allow you to go easy and loaf if you are trying to improve your fitness level.  You can, but it will be apparent in your heart rate and data provided by the watch.  As far as the functionality of the watch... Unlike some of the reviews on this particular C6 (there is another C6 that is blue and the reviews, in my opinion, are more thorough and helpful), I had no issue with the buttons being hard to push or problematic.  Nor did I find the instructions confusing or counter intuitive.  There aren't dozens of features with this watch, so being utterly confused without getting familiarized with a few button combinations that comes with something new is beyond me.  From what I can see, a little patience and it becomes second nature.  Plain and simple.  It is a 5 button watch with 3 primary views/Modes; 1: Time - Just as it describes, 2: Workout - the watch actually receiving data from HRM, and 3: Data - allows you to view your workout to determine how much time was spent in each heart rate zone, calories burned, time of workout, and even a graphical display or your heart rate over the workout.  The watch does take into account, your age, weight, gender as part of getting an accurate calories burned assessment.  It also has a power saving feature and the batteries can be replaced by the user, making it much easier to keep the exercise program going. Thus far, I would definitely recommend.  If that changes, I will be back.", "Watch malfunction after one and a half months, six months latter no solution, just alot of passing the buck and $45.00 IN SHIPPING ANDI am worst off, than when I started.  Welcome to online anything. NikeI'm burning everything Nike even the Gof clubs, I will find someone whostands behind there product!", "Way too large & thick for me.  I wish the seller would include dimensions on all their watches.  Also no seconds display without pushing buttons.", "I bought this watch 2 plus years ago.  Battery just died.  Found 5 for 99 cents on ebay.  I wish I could grab another I love it that much.  But it still looks and works great.  Best 115$ I ever spent!  Nike gal all the way around.", "Wonderful soccer cleat.  Well made and lasts a long time.  Has the the white, black, blue laces and bright neon yellow tongue.", "My new nike shoes looks very nice and it's so cheap in price. Fit as expect.I love it my new soccer shoes", "Very good, I recommend it. I bought them in a bid to be the last pair and I like them a lot. They are very comfortable and good quality.", "I like it cause it is fit for my feet and it is easy to make a turn for it has a round spike.", "I bought these shoes three months ago since my son's sport is basketball. I never thought that this would be the best gift for him because I don't know what kind of shoes does he want. I purchased it straight away, no second thought, I was just hoping that he will like it. And when I gave it to him, I saw the smile on his face and he told me that these was the shoes that he'd been looking for. He said that it was the best gift ever! I'm glad I bought it. Quite expensive but this product made my son happy.", "These shoes arrived in a wonderful period of time. I wore these on my vacation to Orlando and the felt great the whole time.Might do business again!", "I do a lot of shopping on amazon and I don't mind answering a couple of questions and rating my items by giving them stars but I think it is very pushy of amazon to require customers to have to write a review in order to give a review. I think you should revisit your policy or customers like me just won't review your products at all. that is what I usually do.", "Gift for my boyfriend. He like them. The rounding on the front was an intial concern, but he liked them.", "very nice shoe, had them for a while now. they're stylin and happy to wear them out kickin it. fast ship.thanks", "These were purchased as a gift for someone that likes Jordan shoes. Though these aren't Jordan shoes, they definitely have that flair with smooth lines and high quality construction. The fit was true to size and I was told they were very comfortable. Though he isn't wearing them to play basketball, they serve as a quality casual shoe with comfort and style that looks nice with jeans.", "these fit perfectly, feel  and look well made. i have only worn them once but the shoe is comfortable and sturdy. i highly recommend these to anyone.", "These sneakers are pretty light weight and comfortable. I would purchase them again.", "I commute to work on a bicycle. When I started out, I wore some typical sneakers with big spongy soles. Every time I started off from a light, I'd be repositioning my feet on the pedals till I found the right spot.I read that a stiff sole was the way to go if you don't use the shoes that lock your feet to the pedals (not so good when you have many stops).So I went to my local big box sports store and walked around the sneakers section bending soles. These shoes had the stiffest, and probably the thinnest soles in the whole section. They didn't have them in my size though, so I bought them at Amazon.These shoes fit my feet perfectly, and minimize the need to search for correct pedal position on my bike. Since I wear them to work, I can also say they are a comfortable shoe to wear all day.", "I have kept my current pair as my &#34;keep clean&#34; shoes. They are very comfortable and good-looking. I wear them with shorts all summer, even to work-related  meetings, because they don't look like grungy sneakers.I'm glad to find them still available.Highly recommended.", "This watch is the happy ending to a many-month search for the perfect watch. Here's the thing: I'm a short and slight young man with tiny wrists, and I wanted a watch that was sporty yet sophisticated, functional yet simple. This watch is just that. Its sleek, stylish design looks better in person than in pictures. I was surprised, however, by its size...it was larger than I thought. The face itself is 30 mm; the entire case diameter at it's widest point is more like 40 mm. But it's still small enough to not look huge and gaudy on my small wrists. The three-pronged clasp on the band can be tightened to any size really, and the band itself is so flexible and comfortable it feels weightless. It also boasts cool, convenient features such as a chronograph, two alarms, two time zones, and a timer...To me, it's well worth the money.", "I love these Nike flip-flops.  These have wider straps than the Nike flip-flops that have been made in the last few years.  Tried the ones with the thinner straps and did not like them.  Was glad to find these on Amazon.com.", "Awesome running shoes... fit perfect and very comfortable, I love the colors on this shoe, very stylish and very cool", "Gratjo for getting it tme so fas nmy husband ust lovesthis watch , it looks so good on his arm", "The watch looks neat and the angled face with big numbers is helpful when running or driving.  Overall I really like this watch, however there are a couple of annoyances.  For one the watch is a lot thicker than I expect and it feels bulky.  Another thing I don't like is the buttons stick and you got to use your fingernail to get them to push just right.  It's a good watch though with big numbers, angle face and the band wraps snugly around your wrist.", "This is a great watch for personal trainers - the seconds are easy to read and it helps the PT during a PT session....seconds seem like minutes when your personal trainer is pushing you hard!", "Watch is MUCH smaller than it appears in the picture.  I purchased this watch wanting a large face, so I was very disappointed once it arrived.  The watch works and is of good quality, but couldn't get past the small size.  I ended up giving this watch away, as I knew I wouldn't wear it.", "Great watch but size did not make up right to the product.The color and the style was what I wanted.", "Amazing quality!", "NIKE is the best", "Bought them for my husband, he walks ALOT!!!  They fit him perfectly, and are very comfortable for him!  They are just as described!! This is his second pair!!  They last a long time!!", "the shoe fit great. i wear a US 13 and it fit great. they are very comfortable. i where them almost every day", "he loves wearing these shoes to his basketball games and practices and thanks me for getting him these shoes as a reward", "Too much money for the pair. I saw a better pair for less price. I will shop around Zappos or Nike websites next time.", "It is a really great shoe. It fits right and is really comfortable shoe. I highly recommend it. Awesome price!", "These shoes are very comfortable my brother loves them he is on his feet all day walking and he said his feet never felt better he is going to purchase two more pairs.", "loved them, if siskel and ebert were around they would have given them two thumbs up...the new york times loved them...", "Nice shoes. Great value. Only draw back is the breaking in time. Making heels a little sore. Still an overall great shoe!", "I purchased this shoe in a 14W. The shoe is fairly wide, especially around the toes, which I appreciate but do not need necessarily. With customs insoles in, there's PLENTY of room to tighten the laces to have an enjoyable ball game. No Nike Air in the sole... that would have been nice and the shoe lace holes won't break because Nike put those in the actual SHOE (instead of a little cloth sleeve to hold the shoe string). Lots of cushion too- Good Shoe!", "Great fit. Good support with room for ankle braces if needed. Would recommend this shoe for outside and inside play.", "Great shoes in my country is a pain of head find a shoes that fit perfectly and this one does! Love it!", "Really like this Nike shoe, so bought two pairs.  Only thing to change would be to shorten the shoelaces that come with these shoes.  Always replace them with softer 45\" Oval Sport Black laces.", "Love this shoe. Don't know what else to say. Fits so well for me, its hard to find size 15 locally. When I am able to get this at shoe carnival i do, but usually they don't stock much over size 13 unfortunately. I would definitely buy again, I'm pretty sure i paid 59 and free shipping.", "Couldn't find my size in local stores.  They stated it is not the season for basketball shoes.  Last time I checked, you can play basketball all year round. Anyways, the shoe is perfect and fits great.", "Great shoes, fit as expected. My son loves them, and has a very comfortable sole. They have extra toe room.", "for the money, it's a pretty decent value. They are light and have decent traction. But they're not the most comfortable and run a little bigger than other Nikes I've purchased before", "We got these for my daughter for basketball and they fit very well.  Thank you for the prompt delivery.  She loves them!", "I'm very glad with this product, that's for my kid and he loved it. Nike is a market leader and this product match this", "I have another pair of Nike size 12 basketball shoe, the fit is  really good. So I was fairly comfortable with knowing that this shoe would fit equally as well, and they did. This shoe is all black and works well for a sporty work shoe. Light weight and a very comfortable fit. My feet do not get tired in these shoes. They provide the ability to move around fast as needed and pivot, or turn or twist, whatever I need to do. I saw this shoe at several shoe stores but nobody had my size. So I just ordered it thru amazon. Thank You Amazon and also Thanks to Marcus Uniform.", "The shoes are the right size, stylish, comfortable, and constructed well. My husband loves them. They are very affordable so I bought two pair.", "my son loved these shoes. they are a little hard to get on, I think they need stretched a little but they are great looking and reliable shoes!", "These shoes don't have air max units or any other fancy sole or mid sole features. However,they are light,extremely comfortable,lots of room in the toe area,and look pretty good if you put a shine to them. I'm very pleased. My other Nike's are better looking but cost much more and are actually less comfortable.", "The shoe was brand new as posted, it fit well, and I am happy with my purchase. I would recommend this shoe to all my fellow Nike fans out there. I plan on purcahsing from them again. :))", "very good", "Great fit as I expected . It's very comfortable on the inside and very stylish and goes with almost any outfit.", "I play basketball three times a week and the shoe is durable and comfortable. The yellow color is really bright which I like, but it may not be for everyone.", "The sneakers fit good they are nice and light and the blue will go OK with a pair of jeans.Most of all my wife will stop telling me to throw out my old sneakers.", "Fits well and looks good! Its NIKE, bought these for my bestfriend and she loves them, I'm tempted to buy a pair for myself now", "my son still wear them and he love them i will be getting another pair later for back to school", "I love nike ACG shoes.  I bought these shoes and recieved two right shoes.  That would've been great for me and my one legged friend.  I had to send them back and the seller didn't have any more in stock.  they looked like great shoes and the right one fit wonderfully.  I'd like to meet the guy with two left shoes and we'd both be happier.", "Nike Silver Triax watch modern looking and everything i wanted in watch. I especially like the smooth, sleek design and all of it's many features.", "Quality product. It is my second NIKE watch. I would still be wearing the first one but my local jewelry store screwed the seal up when replacing the battery and water got in it.  Love this watch, the crooked face took some getting used to and still sometimes bugs me.  Overall satisfied.", "Nice bag. Pretty and all. Reasonably sturdy but still the OVERALL material is kinda flimsy and WILL tear eventually if I don't baby it. Don't get me wrong it's totally worth the price just wish the material was a bit thicker", "My son uses this backpack to play tennis and also to go to the university.  He likes it very much.", "This is a shoe that would look absolutely great with blue jeans.  I ordered a 7.5 because they did not have an 8.  The shoe fit fine.  Though I have not worn them out yet, the shoe seem to feel comfortable", "When I bought this watch, I liked the boldness of it. That is, the thick band, the macho face, and, of course, because it is a Nike product (LeBron James wore a similar watch.)For the first few weeks, it seemed fine and worked as advertised. However, in the subsequent weeks, one of the nuts, part of the latch assembly fell loose and got lost. I can't wear it now, until I find a replacement.", "I've worn this watch everyday for almost a year now. I'm wearing it right now. It's waterproof and reliable. It's incredibly easy to set and use. I would recommend this watch to anyone who's wrist is small enough.", "Less than 6 months of daily use and the watch isnt functioning properly.  The display is dim.  The band is filthy and stained.", "Well, about the sunglasses, they're beautiful and very resistant. The lens, though, are exposed and fragile, I expect them to have scratches in a few days. Still, it fits great on my face... I recommend everyone to try sunglasses before purchasing.", "I bought this watch on vacation at a marshalls for 25 bucks last summer. i thought to myself, cant go wrong for a Nike watch at that price. I like the way it looks and feels on my wrist, and the numbers are easily readable. I wore the watch occasionally then the light stopped working. That is a big pet peeve of mine. After a year with only occasional use, the light died. Im glad i didnt wear it too much or I really would have been disappointed.The band also started to unglue around the face of the watch about 1 week after I bought it.I will never stray from g shocks again.", "My wife unwrapped this watch, tried it on for a couple hours, and gave up. The face is much too dark, and the display ranges from dim to completely invisible depending on the angle and type of ambient light. We plan to return it and find a different watch instead.", "Not for an adult!!!  Cool for a kid's wrist, but band is very short.", "Very comfortable - no 'breaking in' period, just slip on and wear!Will buy more.Would definitely recommend to anyone!", "I love these flip flops . I have them in a variety of colors. They are very comfortable and fit well.", "I loved these sandals - have the black women's Celso with the black base.  I don't wear them much (maybe 10-15 times so far) but mostly around the house inside.  They are about 1.5-2 years old, look brand new and still are very comfortable.  BUT, the inside sole turns the bottoms of my feet BLACK!!  I have to scrub to get the black off.  I'm guessing that the rubber is deteriorating or breaking down in some manner, which must be causing this.  Nike tried to tell me these were made in 2008 ... if so, that's not when *I* bought them and would do nothing about this.  I used to wear $3 thongs (certainly not as comfortable) but they have NEVER broken down and discolored my feet! Very disappointing coming from Nike - a $25 Nike thong sandal shouldn't ever cause discoloration of your feet!", "seriously 700.00 who is dumb enough to purchase this shoe please leave a review just got to no who has enough money to waste on a flip flop", "Never could wear flip flops until Nike came out with this brand!  I love them and no more blisters between my toes!  I certainly hope Nike doesn't stop making them.", "These are by far, the most comfortable flip flops I have ever worn!  I have five pair!  If they had more colors I would buy them. I live in these for the summer. Buy them. They are great.  Good cushion and support.", "This will be my 3rd pair in about 6 years. My current ones are getting kinda warn as I wear these constantly . They are comfortable from the second younput them on. I hope nike never stops making them!", "I bought these in pink in a store and loved them so much I went back for the black ones - and, of course, they were sold out. So I went to Amazon! They were a little more expensive online but worth it, easily. These thongs are the most comfortable - cushiony without being the giant platform thongs, does not rub between the toes or on top of the foot. I could walk for miles in them, and have :)", "I live in Florida so thongs are a daily wear shoe.  I owned 2 pair of nikes similar to this pair and was trying to replace 1 one them.  The shoes are the correct replacement.  Immediate comfort and good fit", "I have several pairs and I can't always find them here...and these are the only ones I will buy! They last great and are so comfortable!", "I have bought a pair of these each summer for several years. Great for around the house and going out to the back yard. Fit and fine design ok. They do what I want them to do", "This Is my summer shoe. I get a new pair every year. Cost was kind of high. Saw them in the Mall and they were a better price. Thiis is my running around shoe, at the pool or just at night with some starter shorts and my nike shirt when I do not feel like getting dressed up. Love them and you will too. If you have amall near you try there first. Better price and no shipping charges.", "I order a new pair of these in brown and black every other year or so.  That might seem like they don't last very long, BUT when you wear them EVERY DAY IN THE SUMMER, you might need to replace them after two years.  Super comfortable, available in lots of colors, durable and cute.  What more can you ask for?", "These are the third pair of flip flops I've owned in this style. They are the most comfortable style I've ever worn. I've even worn them on all-day shopping outings and to theme parks, without any sore feet! This time I bought the pink pair, and they are super cute!", "I have very narrow feet so these are great for me! I have had these for a year & still in good shape.", "I have several pair of these from years past they were starting to wear so I decided to replace them.  Not as happy with these, they run a littler smaller the then older ones, both are size 6.  I needed to reorder up a size. Also the thong part of the toes is backwards on the older ones the slant is toward the left (big toe) but on the newer ones the slant goes in the opposite direction, not as comfortable it tends to push your big toe off the flip flop.  Here's hoping they correct that on next years model.", "No surprises.  I love these shoes and they came as anticipated and fit and work just fine.  No unpleasant surprises.", "I have worn this type for a few years and they are the most comfy flip flop ever ! Great arch support and because the strap is foamy ,  it fits good from the first wear.", "UPDATE:1 month after I started using this, it was beginning to fall apart. The material started sagging in some places. The stitched logo was coming apart. (I wash it with soap after every use, I never wring it by hand, I hang it to airdry, there's an electric swimsuit wringer at the gym that's especially made to get the water out of the swimsuit without ruining it, that's what I use before hanging it to airdry)2 months after, I need a new one.(I swim about 2-3 times per week for 1-3 hours)I'm swimming a lot (around 2.5 hours every other day, give and take) and this swimsuit stays put. I'm a size 0 (in women's clothes) and I can't believe I needed a size 34 for this swimsuit.I wish there were cradles or something like a bra to hold your chest in place, with all the moving in the water I would really like more support. Otherwise it's pretty comfortable (you can do somersaults without flashing anything to anyone :)", "Received a black/clearwater pair for my son. - Got the order in two days, so I am very pleased. And they are nice shoes, he says they are good for skating. The clearwater is actually bright baby blue. Good looking shoes!", "I am quite careless with my spectacles and have broken quite a few,this is why flexon is great for me. Pairing up with Nike brings added style to the product as well as Flexon's guaranttee ok durability.", "Received Nike Fury 100 Style Watch for Christmas...,I have never used it due to instructions are not in English.I am trying to locate instructions.  Please help..Rated one starbecause I can not use it without the proper instructions.", "I'm disappointed Nike is getting out of the timing business as the angled face works great for paddling.  Hope some manufacturer picks up on it.  This Nike replaces another that failed after a long hard life.", "gift to my other brother. he liked so much, i stole from him several times to try it. It is a \"weired\" nice looking watch.", "I've been trying to find one of these watches for a while now and was super excited to find this one. I loved the color. But the watch band is really small, and while I could force it onto my wrist at the smallest notch, it was unbearably uncomfortable. In fact, it didn't even fit on my wife. I had to return it.", "It is a great product at a reasonable price. The delivery was right on time.", "I searched every local store and searched the web to find the right sports watch after my Timex broke.  I specifically needed the time and date displayed without pressing any extra buttons.  I decided I couldn't find a Timex that I liked so I started looking at the Nike watches.  This watch looks great on.  The face is slightly bigger than I would like but it still looks nice on. It's bigger than most female watches but smaller than most male watches.  This watch has many functions that I don't need but what I do need is displayed on the main screen.  Another great feature of the design is that the loop that the end of the excess band has a peg and hole style so that it stays in the loop and doesn't come out and hang down. Luckily the watch time was already set correctly because there were no instructions included to tell me how to set the watch. I have pressed all of the buttons, but still don't know how to work it very well.  I gave it 4 stars because they didn't make learning how to use the watch very quick or easy, although I have used the back light and the silver button on the front of the watch is actually a button to switch to \"time 2.\"  Overall I am satisfied with my purchase.", "I really like the Nike Triax watches.  This one has great options and is just as dependable as my last Nike triax watch.  The look and style are quite appealing and actually adds functionality in the way it is constructed, with both ease of seeing the display and comfort.  The only negative thing I can find with the Nike Triax Fury 100 is the band is quite small given that it is a men's watch.", "Great all-round workout watch - I use it to run, swim, and cycle. You will want to make sure you read the instruction manual carefully beforehand as there is a lot of available functionality that isn't all that easy to figure out by yourself. I would definitely recommend this watch, and at this low price, seems like a no-brainer!PROS - Lightweight. Sleek. Loads of functions. Memory. Good battery life. Decent size viewable screen.CONS -Size: I'm 6'2\" 200lbs and the strap is on the 2nd to last hole, so if you have large wrists, this could be a little snug for you.Battery: It's close to impossible to change the battery yourself without damaging the watch and losing some functionality. But for around $8 a watchmaker will change it for you, so not a deal-killer.Complexity - Fairly complex to figure out, especially if you're the average guy who hates reading instruction manuals!Bottom line - don't hesitate to buy this watch, it does all it should and does it well!", "I'm a distance runner, artist, and new mom so I like having a good sports watch that is easy to read, aesthetic, and can take a pounding. After having a Timex Marathon die on me for the fourth time (fantastic watches, but they are very poorly made now), I decided it as time to try something different.I wanted a watch that was durable, had a readable display and lap features. I was also looking for something that was somewhat aesthetic (I love casio's durability, but their watches are a pain to read and clunky-looking).Based on reviews on several different sites (including here), I decided to try the Nike Triax Fury 100. For $35 (it retails $95), I figured it was worth a try. It's fantastic! It has many functions, fits very comfortably on my left wrist (but not on my right), and is everything I hoped for.I only have two complaints - First, it looks a little large, but that's no surprise as I'm a petite woman (5'1\") and most of the reviewers for this model are guys (even though one of them mentions it is a woman's model). It's more important that it fits very well and comfortably--which is great as most watch bands irritate my skinny little wrists (I'm tightened to the first hole, but I usually am on the first or second on women's watches). My other complaint is I wish mine came with a manual (I'm currently looking for one online). It has a lot of features, and I'd like to know how to use them all. :)All that aside, though, I'm pretty pleased. Time will tell as to how well this watch will last compared to my 4 timexes, but I have a good feeling about it.Edit: I have found some information and manuals for this watch:[...]", "I just got my watch this morning and it is standard (i.e. fantastic) Nike quality. This watch is perfect for me because I'm quite active in sports. It keeps the time, date, has alarms, lights up green, has a big dial face for quick and easy glances to see exactly what you need to see, even has some sort of data saving function, and is super stylish!My only gripe about this (and it's not even really about the watch itself) is that this model, WR0139, is a women's watch. What this means is that the band is slimmer and shorter than a men's watch. This watch happens to fit me but on the LAST NOTCH; so I'm going to keep it because then the only real gripe I have, then, is the band width, which I don't think anyone is really going to notice.", "Excelente producto, recomedado 100% para futuras compras. Excelente producto, recomedado 100% para futuras compras. Excelente producto, recomedado 100% para futuras compras.", "really good quality and good for running. the red part of the watch becomes darker and dirty looking after time and I haven't found a good way of making it look clean yet.", "I did a search for Heart Monitor and this item appeared, and being a fan of Nike, I just ordered the item not researching farther.  When I received it I realized that this watch did not have the Heart Monitor feature.  I immediately returned it.  FYI....This watch has a really small wrist band.  Not sure why this watch appeared in my search.", "very nice product.i love it ,good service , the watch is very good quality too,this products tend to fit and feel very comfortably", "I'm volley ball coach and this watch help me a lot in my job and also it's very resistant. I loved this watch it's my second I bought.", "I had my Timex for about 2.5 years when the band broke. It really annoys me that you have to send it to some repair center to have it replaced for something as insignifigant as a band. Unfortunately this watch will be the same issue one day, the band however feels much more substantial than timex did.The wrist size needs to be correct, it fits my wrist right up to the next to the next to last opening and I consider my wrist to be slightly less than average sized for a man.The watch itself is fantastic the numbers truly can be seen from across the room. The capabilities of the watch are as good as timex, with the exception of the 5-10 alarms, only 2 for this watch, but frankly it is one more than I need. I like a large watch and this is quite large on my wrist, it has a substantial feel to it weight wise, not light and \"plasticky\" like timex. The colors work better for me too, timex has some wacked out color schemes for their watches.I recommend this watch as an upgrade from timex, but be sure you get the correct size, the super is for medium to large wristed men, or women with a large to very large wrist.", "This is a very nice casual watch.  It keeps great time and is easy to read with large numbers for all of us that need reading glasses.  Once you get the hang of all the settings it is fairly easy to use.", "This is a great looking watch, unfortunately the watch band broke after 1 month.  I hadn't put it on that much when the watch band broke.  Now I need to find somewhere to get it repaired.", "I Love my new watch it has a comfortable fit and is easy to set and use.", "I needed a watch to replace my previous Nike watch for swimming. This watch has excellent visability and seems to be reliable, and most importantly, waterproof. The old Nike watch I had was reliable and is still working but the way the band attached to the watch caused it to break and is unrepairable. The price and quality of this unit is terrific.", "Watch arrived earlier than date which was great. It was even sent out on the day i bought it. Seller seems like they know what they are doing.Nike Triax watch- Great watch for running/swimming/biking, and outdoor/aquatic activities. Looks great with any outfit. Very simple functioning which is good. Only downside of the watch, is the wrist size. I am a male and have an average size write. I have to wear the watch about my wrist because the two sides of the face that start the watch bands are not long enough to fit the size of my wrist. The watch still looks great. great overall product.", "These shoes are really comfortable and light weight, and they look great on!! They are perfect for training in the gym and doing cardio machine workouts. I don't think they are the best for running though.", "Hi,My boy normally uses size 8.5 and to be sure I ordered size 9.5 because he is still growing. Size 9.5 was a tight fit although he uses addidas shoes size 8.5. So be sure you know which size to order from Nike.", "This is an excellent watch, Nike is a excellent brand, good quality of he product.", "this watch has two buttons and four functions.  you can use the chronograph and the time. for the date, you have to press the button. thus it is different from other watches that have the date on the same screen as the time. it can light up as well. it's waterproof so you can wear it swimming and in the shower. the numbers are big so it is easy to read while running. it is a little heavier than the other imara watches.  it seems more durable because the buttons are in stainless steel rather than the rubber material as on the other imara watches. the pink is a little lighter than it appears on the screen.", "The watch is fine; and why wouldn't it be? But it was nearly impossible to get TO it. It comes enclosed in a hard, black \" sphere \" that was supposed to be slightly open; thus enabling one to remove the watch from it. However, mine was sealed shut and no amount of pulling and pushing and twisting let me open it. I had no recourse but to trek to the Nike store and ask them to do it. Well, they did -- but only after about 1/2 an hour of killing themselves as well. My recommendation? Buy the watch in a store and let them hand it to you.", "Very impressed with sleekness and hometown team colors. I couldn't find these colors in regular Nike retail stores. Thanks NIKE.", "This is the perfect gift for a woman! I recommend it 100%, Its very beautiful and the its blue light works very well in the small screen! i am pleased with this purchase!", "I gave them as a present  to my friend who is a runner and she says they are the best ever!", "I'm on my feet 12 hours a day at work, and this shoe is incredibly comfortable.  Its light but supportive.  I get compliments on the color every day.  I'm pretty bummed that they don't make them any more, since the Pegasus 29s (which I also have) just aren't the same.  Worth going on ebay or something to find this older model.", "I bought these shoes to train for a marathon. My feet are a size 9, but when I got my feet measured I was told I have to get a half size bigger. They 9.5 fit perfectly. Hopefully the trail running shoes will work well with normal running. I tried to order nike air pegasus +28, but had a hard time finding a pair in my size since they were all sold out. I wish they were a little cheaper. Does anyone know if +28 and 28 are the same or does it make a big difference while running?I'll have to update my review after I break into the shoes.", "I really loved the colors, but the air pegasus did not have enough stability or comfort for me. I'm training for a half marathon and I'm walking/running 3 miles at this point. During a fast walk, I was getting a lot of shin splints. While running, my feet were in a lot of pain. It may be just that these shoes did not work for me and my comfort level requires a bit more cushioning. I would say these are look great and are fine for ordinary moving about, but they did not work for me for serious running.", "I have been buying Nike Shox from the first time I saw them offered. I am 65 years old and have been running (well jogging very fast) 1 to 3 miles every other day (and now when I retired daily) since '76.  Before Shox I would get pains in my ankles, shin splints, pain in my knees, and unexplained foot pains. Since using Shox my problems have almost evaporated. I can say that Nike Shox work for me!", "This was an excellent purchase. The shoes fit perfectly and they were a great price.", "Even though they were a bit small they were not comfortable shoes. I was disappointed with these. Nike is hit or miss sometimes", "i love these shoes. They fit my feet perfectly and are really nice too. Also they have a lot of cushion around the ankle so they are very comfortable.", "The shoes were not as I expected the inner sole of the shoe are hard as rock and very uncomfortable and the shoes were too big.", "I searched and searched for this shoe for my son. Amazon was the only one to have it in his size. They are perfect.", "very comfortable.", "Simply stated, I need a all white shoe/sneaker for my uniform, and deck shoes simply were hurting my feet with all the running about I have to do.  So I went searching for an all white pair of runners and found these beauties!  At first wear, I didn't know if I was going to like them, as they were tight and constrictive and very narrow towards the front.  They do require a wear in period (about 3 days of solid wear), and the leather softens up to your foot and from that point on they are super comfortable.  No more headaches at the end of the day from the impact my feet take running about the ship and they breathe really well so my feet don't stink either.  Great purchase and I'm glad I got them.", "I always buy these shoes. This is my third pair. I have this issue with my knee and I need light shoes, this is the only shoe I have worn this far that is light, comfortable, affordable, and durable. Awesome shoes!", "Item was shipped out the next day and was very happy with my purchase.The shoe however runs a little narrow for those with slightly wider feet.", "have to say I am very disappointed in this set of shoes, got some back in 2001 and have worn them to death, but this bunch runs small and if you size up the shoe get to be too wide. and the seller shoopop is a JOKE still waiting in my two refunds and the ZON wont reinforce their own policies", "I was very happy to get these shoes in my favorite color since they were sold out of my size everywhere else.  I purchased these exclusively to play ball in on an indoor court.  Although these were comfortable and performed up to expectations, after 4 hours of playing for the first time I have a tear by the bottom eyelet down to the patent leather.  Looks terrible and disappointed in a Jordan shoe that ripped in an odd spot on first use.", "Shoe size runs small, order .5 size bigger. too tight.", "too much grip on the shoe results in your knees hurting after jab steps. cool shoes, but not so cool for my knees. sctually hurt knees playing in these be warned...", "I've only worn them once. So far so good. Nice snug fit. Feet felt secure when running and changing direction while playing basketball.", "Quality of show is great, would be comfortable if not tight.  I have learned that Jordan brand should add a half size.", "The shoes are kinda weird looking especially with the fake fur around the top, and there is very little ventilation may feet get way to sweaty while I'm playing ball.  But the ankle support is good, traction is good, and look is unique.  At this price I think it was a decent purchase", "fits perfectly feels very comfortable when i play basketball. I would recommend these shoes for well protects ankles. very happy with this buy.", "This watch is pretty and functional. The watch was easy to set up. I had no problems setting the time and date.", "Had been looking all over for this watch. Found it here for a 3rd of the price and now My child is very happy to have this watch for running.", "I ordered this watch only knowing that I wanted a 'sporty' style watch.  It feels comfortable to wear and looks great!", "great watch for a small wrist. Simple and different. Great for workouts and for daily use.  Loved the red color.", "I love a cuff watch and this one is comfortable on my small wrist and quite easy to read, as well.", "Fun AND functional!  Nike has had a string of great designs in their sport watches. I always get compliments on them. This is a cuff bracelet design which I like very much with jeans or skirt. Comes in a couple of colors. Hope Nike will continue marketing interestingly designed watches that actually work beautifully as well.", "Received this watch as a gift and loved it--comfortable, easy to read, worked great for timing my walking and swimming.  After about 16 months it died--not the battery.  I miss it; have not found a good replacement.", "i learnt a valuable lesson - never buy watches online.. you will never know the fit until it reaches you and if it doesnt fit, its a pain to return it, or keep it. either ways, you lose.pros - stylish RED.. i received compliments for it! and it does what it says it does, laps, timer , everything.cons - at the slightest pull, it will FALL OFF your wrist. NO SNUG FIT. literally have to keep an eye on the watch if you are running or doing some hand exercise ! and i have a baby who loves pulling all of mommy's things, and at the slightest tug, the watch is in his hand! i should never have bought this.. plus, the BATTERY DIED after a couple of months!!and Oh, you dont get the servicing so easily.. they have very few service centers all over the world.. which i came to know only after  opening the box and reading the instructions. now that my battery has died, i dont know what to do.overall, a bad decision for me.", "This is a beautiful, sporty watch that's easy to use and looks good with a lot of my outfits. I wear it every day, and love that I've been able to figure out most of the settings with very minimal manual-reading on my part. Setting things up (or changing the time) is pretty intuitive, I think.", "Bought these for my hubby to use when running.  He's told me that they're super comfortable, great cushioning and for the amount of running that he does, they've lasted pretty long without getting holes (so far).  He's tried Thorlo socks and they haven't last as long and had to throw them away after a few months because the fabric started to get thin and then tear.  I would recommend these to anyone!", "These sneakers look better on than in the pics.I bought light up laces for them and it looks so good (light up laces looked great but wouldn't stay on)....either way the sneakers are hot!!", "Great shoes, but as i expected and after heavy daily use, the air capsule broke and now it sounds funny (Besides it does not absorb impacts as they were designed)", "This is my second pair. I work long shifts on my feet and these shoes have been great. They fit as expected. I have a bunion on my left big toe so I did have the left shoe stretched at a local shoe repair and they are still great. Money well spent for me. Wish I could get my third pair at a discount&#8230;..", "As a construction worker, I usually buy the sears diehard type work boots but find they're not that supportive. The cushioning of these and other acg boots plus the padding around the ankle and narrower fit makes these my go to work boot brand/style.", "These are probably the most comfortable boots I have ever purchased. It really is worth the money. I'm always on my feet and I love how its waterproof. Looks great with some boot cut jeans. Def worth the money. If it were up to me I would buy them again and again. Oh yeah another thing is that they are lightweight.", "I like these boots because they feel like a sneaker but look like a work boot. They also dont' get as hot as a work boot.", "Nothing more comfortable for wearing wherever, whenever!", "this boot is very comfortable with all the air bubbles on the bottle. the styles are very nice and its good for all work conditions", "I paid Amazon $171.47 for an order of one pair of ACG Nike boots.  Prior to ordering the boots, I visited the Nike web site and obtained their precise instructions to measure one's feet to determine what size to order.  The order was delivered on May 15, 2014.  I tried the boots on the next day and was very disappointed they were much too small.  I immediately sent then back for a refund.  The boots were received by the seller on 5/19 as indicated on my UPS tracking number.  Unfortunately, the seller is only refunding $154.97.  With the $10.18 I spent on shipping to return the boots, it is costing me a total of $26.66 to try on a pair of boots.  If these were in fact authentic Nike product I cannot believe there would be such a disconnect between the Nike Web Site and the seller of this product.  Last time I will ever buy shoes from Amazon.  A shoe store charges me nothing to simply try on a pair of shoes; Amazon charges $26.68.  In addition, I have assurances at a store the product is authentic since authorized retail locations are listed on the Nike site.", "Was looking for work shoes. These were perfect. More comfortable than regular work shoes. Part of my job considers a lot of walking and these worked out great.", "Wore them to work today , they fit great , not too heavy and my feet weren't killing me at the end of the day .", "buying a pair to put on shelf very comfortable stylish expenisve is only down side, but would enjoy other colors as well", "Excellent,. Standing in one place for 7 hours is no joke. This really works. Its better than the insoles that I bought for my old boots.", "it is a good product, but my kid used just 2 weeks, because it is too small...", "I just got these in the mail today and they are super adorable, however, the sizing is small.  I ordered 3-6 months and my son is just turning 4 months.  However, they are way too small for him, and he has normal sized feet.  What a bummer!", "They are for real players that cannot stand any draw back of the equipment.Quick response, solid protection and support, great grip and a cold, samuri like style. And of course not to mention the air zoom and carbon board that are always the golden combo.These shoes are just ready for you to put on and slice thru any defense on the court.It almost feels like it become part of your feet and at the same time, strengthened your legs as if you put on some kind of Ironman suit built for basketball.", "My son used these for baseball this past year.  Great shoes with a great price!", "I got this for my husband, and he really liked it.  He said the pants is very comfortable.  He is very picky, but this satisfied him.", "This first generation sportsband did NOT hold up well. Worked great for first 400 miles then crystal face became flawed. After particularly sweaty run, entire face went to black.  Newer 2nd generation available for only 60 bucks. Crazy to buy this one.", "Hope this seller realizes that the new version of the Sportband comes out tomorrow (7/15) and it will retail for $59...not the ridiculous $179 they are asking for...really a $120 mark up for the 1st version that had noted flaws?  Nice ethics...The new version will have a wielded case to prevent LCD/water damage...", "I own this version and when I called Nike about the display defect they indicated that all of them were defective and that's why they were recalled. On mine, after only a few months I could only see the first digit of the display, so I didn't know if I'd run 19.00 miles or 19.99 miles - a very frustrating difference! The new version is available 7-15-09.", "For $59, there is no better piece of equipment for running than the Nike+ SportBand! That being said, the above listed item is for the old version, which was recalled by Nike. I bought mine a year ago, along with a completely separate heart rate monitor (for double the cost!) and after a year, it's the Nike+ SportBand that I love the most.  I also miss ith te most because I suffered the same display issues with the old black-and-red version. I was able to return the recalled model for a full refund, and as of today, I have the new white/pink (there is also a black/yellow available) SportBand! I look forward to seeing how the new model holds up.Bottom line - don't pay more than $59 for the Nike+ SportBand, and don't buy the recalled model (black and red)!", "My two sons bought these watches are seeing a friend's and being impressed. However, one watch started with condensation inside during the first week, as we were on a  trail run through the wet bush. It never recovered and now has a large brownish rainbow edged splurge on the display! The second watch went the same way after being worn overnight. And guess what, the friend's watch is also kaputt.If Nike makes gear for posers, they should state that.We've all agreed never to buy anything from Nike again. One star for one week's wear?", "I want more of this shoes. Do you have it? I will bye!Or can you tell me where i can bye Nike Womens Shox Vivify + Running Shoes", "nicely fitting,love the material,they don't ride up on you when going over various drills. ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL", "I would not recommend this shoe period. After wearing them 2 or 3 time the lace-holders on the shoe began to snap off. A year and a half later and a couple of them left. The other huge problem is that the top of the shoe will never break in. I have scars on the top of my heel from the shoes. I wore multiple pairs of sox and tried hard to break them in. The only way I can wear these demon shoes is if I also wear neoprene ankle braces and even the ankle braces are being worn away at the back. Not too mention they are chunky, heavy and ridiculous looking when you put them on. Of course they are LeBron's so I should have know they would be garbage. I would never recommend these shoes ever, unless you have feet of stone or just love to be in pain. For the money you could buy ANY shoe and it would be better.", "Hella heavy. If you dont wear thick long socks then the upper heal near the calf rubs against the shoe causing blisters.  Also, the plastic lace holes breaks apart from the leather after a month of use.POS shoe.", "The pic shows an orange silver and white running shoe. Then a yellow pair of shorts and the description now that I've ordered the shoes has changed to a maroon white and silver turf shoe? What's going on w this?", "THIS WAS A SHOE THAT WAS BOUGHT NOT A SHIRT WATCH WHAT YOU BUY MAKE SURE YOUR PRODUCT IS CORRECT I SEE AMAZON IS OFF ON THE PICTURES THEY SUBMIT", "These shoes are what I expected...!  I would purchase again.  I really would like to find more colors in this style however my small 8 year old grandson liked them and that is all that matters lol.", "They are my favorite sneakers I had them for years. I have to get a new one I can't live without them.", "Perfect, exactly what I was looking for", "i got the all white ones...love them very comfotable..thanks..these are th only shoes i engoy wearing..because i need that lift...not so flat on the ground", "This pair of shoes is a perfect fit for my woman's size 8 foot and was &#34;rightly&#34; priced! I would recommend these to anyone.", "Nike Men's Air Zoom Structure Triax+ 11 Running Shoe (Anthracite/ Grey/ Orange/ Metallic Silver) - 9EXCELENTE ZAPATOS PARA TROTAR Y PARA USO DIARIO MUY COMODOS Y MUY BUEN PRECIOLOS RECOMIENDOSALUDOSVICTOR PIERRALT", "I've loved Nike Aur Force Ones since I was just a boy. Glad to see Nike stick with them and allow the freedom of creation to bring out our individualism. Great way to bridge the \" Ol' School\" with the \"New School\"", "Favorite shoe as always. I've been wearing air max's since the nineties and when they came back I was really pleased. Great product!", "I choose to rate this as a 3 because they fit tight, but I think being they are leather they will take some getting use too. Great look, and I will try to wear them longer to get the feel of comfort I'm looking for. Priced good but mayby should of waited for the price to come down some more.Non the less I will try shoe trees to get more room.", "I bought both black and white. The sneaker is comfortable and fits nice. I wish they had alot more colors.", "A man helping m help reach people in prison wears daily. He is three hours of misc. work outs daily.He loved these and no foot pain from rag-look prison shoes.", "I live for fresh and clean sneakers, even though I am a stiletto wearing woman during my 9-5. But when I am not at work, I take full advantage of being comfortable.  These sneakers are very comfortable and nice to walk in.  They run pretty true to size, even though this is a man's shoe and I'm a woman.  I wear a 7.5 in mens shoes and don't mind buying mens sneakers because the men have a better selection in sneakers.  Overall, a nice and good looking sneaker.  I do recommend.", "I have had a lot Nike Air Max sneakers..unfortunately, these particular ones didn't fit right. All my nike sneakers are a size 10. These were very tight and small.", "I ordered these shoes for my son because he asked for this pair specifically!  And I was pleased that they shipped out the exact day that I placed the order and he was soooo happy with them.  Said they are the most comfortable sneaker he has ever had!  Mom and son are thrilled!", "great shoe, fits perfect, like pearl effect of shoe. its right on time for the olympics colors, one of many great color ways for lebron 9 low.", "Just as good as every other pair of Pegasus I've ever had.  Take a beating and keep going.  Great for distance running or just wearing around the house. Best overall shoe ever made in my opinion.", "I like these low Blazer's. Just not alot-alot. They are nice for walking or skateboarding.", "These shoes were purchased for my grandson. He looked at so many pairs and finally selected this pair. They were very comfortable and fit well. They lasted a long time. They are a good pair of shoes for a teenage boy who loves playing basketball. Marie", "Not quite what I was expecting for $140.00. They are not very comfortable. I was looking for a comfortable shoe because I stand on concrete all day.", "Thanks so Much", "I got these for my boyfriend for our anniversary and he hasn't taken them off since, so they're pretty durable too :)", "what a comfortable pair of shoes and fit great. easy to wear and no hurting the bottoms.  hassle free shipping and came by the time stated", "These are ultra cushy and quite comfortable.  It took a little bit of playing around with adjusting the straps but once I got it just right, they felt.  I would buy these again.", "Just a little small probably should have gotten a bigger size but they are still so comfy. I wear them all the time", "Feels great on the feet. I wear these around everywhere when I plan on having a lazy day.", "I got these for my son and he loves them. They are comfortable and arrived earlier than expected...which is awesome. If you can please a teenager then your doing something great.", "These slippers are very comfortable and look nice. I like the that you can adjust the tension on them because I have wider foot. Will definitly buy another pair but differant color.", "Love them, my little brother had some and I tried them and had to get me some and mine are great!", "I got this shoe as a size 7 when i was a size 5, up until i was a size 9.5, and I LOVE the incredible comfortable foam padding, which forms to your feet. There is an adjustable foam strap that is also very comfortable. I am also ordering another pair slightly bigger. These also fit wide feet as I wear wide shoes, and my friends are not wide, and the love it too. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS COMFORT SLIDE SHOE.Comfort: 10Looks: 9Durability: 9Recommendation: ABSOLUTELY", "The product came in pristine condition. They were brand new, and they came well packaged. I got them sooner than expected, and have been wearing them non-stop. The memory foam feels great when I am walking, or just simply have my feet in them while sitting down.", "these are complete knockoffs when u can get the real thing in the mall for the same price. do not get these.", "Got these for my boyfriend he loves them. They are very comfortable and the Velcro allows him to adjust to his liking.", "Comfortable and nice looking. would purchase again in the future and my son loves them. Easy to clean as well.", "Great styling and excellent comfort", "These slip ons are way over priced for what they are. The so called padding is very thin and unless you are under 100 lbs. these shoes are not that comfortable. The fit is good but the padding is not good at all. Look elsewhere for padded slippers.", "Pros: They are comfortable.Cons: They look too big on the feet - when looking down.The Velcro isn't very strong.  Sometimes I take a step and am suddenly without a sandal.Thus, due to unreliable Velcro and rather bulky look, I never wear these out casually.  They are simply my kicking around the house and patio sandal.", "i love the feel of them, i had them for some time now and they are still felling well under my feet", "It's like walking on clouds. Do not regret the purchase.", "Im a sucker for white shoes, so I love these. fit perfect, and look like great quality. I would recommend", "Great product very confertable  good price I would recommend these sandals to any one great to use at summer time", "Everything I buy from NIKE is exactly as advertized!!  Everything fits as expected and will purchase more nike gear in the future.", "Very confortable. Couldnt be happier", "VERY NICE QUALITY AND COMFORTABLE!", "Bought these for my son and he says they are awesome.  I have found that you can't go wrong with Nike...........especially on Amazon.", "The product is very comfortable, and there is a nice feel for when you need to go out and not want to put on shoes. Also good with socks, and the adjustment makes it so you can use them loose or tighter. Worth the money, for sure.", "Your feet will Thank You!The absolute most comfortable sandel I have ever put my feet in.Note that it runs a tiny, tiny bit small.", "They came in 2 dented boxes. But the shoes were fine. I love the shoes they are very comfortable. Very happy with the purchase.", "Wow, these are great and the most comfortable sandals on the planet.  Also with the Nike Logo you know you are getting the bestin footwear.  Padded and soft and with the great look for summer.", "the design of the inner sole is terrible.  my feet quickly slipped off to the side after only a few steps so i returned them.would i purchase again?  NOdo i recommend?  NO", "My son loves these slides, they are a little more pricey than I prefer, but he loves them and that's what counts.", "I've been looking at sandals for a while now and I knew a friend who had these.  I found that they are comfortable now matter if you wear them to walk out to your car or if you're walking around for hours at the beach or whatever you may be doing.  Great product.  Lighter than I thought.  Socks are preferred with them as they rub against the side of your feet.", "bigger than expected", "They look nice and are pretty comfortable although they fit smaller than I expected. I recommend ordering a size bigger.", "item described is not what you get. i received a girls gym sack w/ a $18 price tag. i was under the impression i was getting jordan collezione 22/1 size 13 at a deep discount, %90 off. wishful thinking, i guess. so now i've paid $24 for an $18 item. apparently i'm paying %30 more instead of %90 less.", "Definitely does not look like something valued at $310.00. What is listed is basketball shoes. A dude is in the picture, and the title says basketball shoes . Asks size and all. Briefly mentions a bag. When you flip to the other ad that is attached you see Niki air Jordans....Nice ones. They sent me a backpack instead of shoes saying they didn't have them. This bag has nothing to do with basketball. It's for running and Nike, of course.", "Please trust me on this!I own a pair of Nike Air Stab \"Gemini\"- which are metallic silver with bright orange and yellow trim. But the color of the shoes is the least important thing to me.I work in a factory. 12 hours night shifts. I have tried so many shoes its pathetic. Adidas- which I love - but dont have enough support. New Balance...which are the absolute WORST! I have flat feet so walking and standing on them for 12 hours a night is rough.  I have had foot problems like mad. I even have some nerve damage in a few of my toes from wearing the WRONG kind of shoes. But... I saw these shoes (Air Stabs) at a local store and I thought they looked cool but wasnt sure if I could wear them to work. I didnt want to go through the pain AGAIN. But (!) I have had these for about 8 months so far and NO foot pain.  Except for the usual tired feeling which is normal after the work I do. I am amazed with these. So cushioned and flexible. Just the perfect support. Nike created the perfect \"Air\" shoes with these! Much emphasis on the word \"AIR\". You can actually feel it!WELL worth every penny. You will not regret it. ...and they look so cool too!", "I loved the look of them but the sizing was a bit wrong for me. Any way, sneaker are not ugly because was stalled after couple of visits to reliable downtown GYM...", "My grandson  just love his new nike Air Force Max. The quality  of this sneaker is outstanding and should last for quite some time.", "supposedly pretty water proof. DO NOT put underwater. Mine broke right away and would have to deal with Nike to replace, costing me $10.", "Great looking watch with great functionality, but the integrated band stinks.  Unfortunately, after the first band failed, I got another one hoping that it would fare better, but no such luck.  the rubber along the side of the face loosens, and then the internal plastic skeleton fails and separates.Unfortunately, I've burned through two of these in 18 months and will not be buying another Nike watch again.  Don't make the same mistake that I did!!!", "My husband ruptured his Achilles tendon and injured his ankle over a year ago... He loves these shoes! They allow his foot and ankle to have more freedom and flexibility. He wears them everywhere. Best money ever spent.", "The shoes were smaller than normal. I wear a 10.5  and theses felt like they were a size 10. I recommed that if someone orders these they want to order 1 half size bigger.", "The fit is exactly what I would expect for size 10.  I normally do not like slip on style shoes, but these are easy to get on and off and are very comfortable to walk or run in.", "I got these for my boyfriend because we have all sorts of fun with sneakers and socks and stuff. Almost like a fetish type thing. But no in all seriousness some days they look green some days they look yellow.  IN any case he really loves them and that makes me happy", "I use these sneaks for training in the gym. They're comfortable and sturdy...they also look great. They are flashier than then picture would suggest. The grey material side and top of the sneaks is shiny and resists stains and wear. They are also weigh very little. I am not always a fan of Nike but these sneaks are a home run.", "Shoe is very nice. They are comfortable. I can not see where the shox make a difference. For 158.00, my husband was upset that it took over a week to get to us. I read the ratings on this 3rd party store and I guess I should have listened to the other people who comment on the long shipping time. Maybe they aren't in a hurry to ship your things. We Ordered them Aug 6 and got them on the 17th. If you are in a hurry, don't get your stuff here.When he got them on and laced, he had me take a photo. He might write to NIKE. he has very narrow feet. When he laced e'm up, there was not enough lace left to tie a bow. Well a 1 inch bow was tied from end to end. It looks really silly. Surely not a mistake, they match the shoe. Other than that, they look sharp. The colors are not too wild. Walking around with a teeny tiny bow tied looks so funny. I know he does not want to look for a cheap aftermarket lace. I hope that they don't just put any lace on the shoes. Surely ours was not right, not typical of NIKE. Nike  is always a great product for us.", "Hi, i`m very pleased with my purchase because the time you take for send them to me and the facilities to buy on the page, also the variety of stuff you offer.", "I loved the shoe. However, they are a half size to small. I have to wear them with thin socks. I guess they run small.", "Product arrived on time/ fit perfect and looks awesome/ recieved def. interest on the shoes as well so im super happy", "Griffey's run a little small so I recommend getting a half size bigger but I love the shoes. Great support and great appearance.", "I didn't know what to expect at first but once I got the shoes,  I was super impressed. THe shoes got there quicker than I expected and I am overseas. The shoes fit great. I will buy from the seller again. I usually don't do reviews but I was definately excited when I received these shoes being that I've wanted them for so long.", "This Nike Air Griffey are wonderful, confortable and durable. When you wear this kind of shoes very men's have something to said firstable they are beautiful in the blue and light green", "tnk fits gooooooooooooooooooooooood", "Love these shoes, even better looking in person", "Just as described... I really love my new shoes.  I had been looking for these shoes for ever and I am glad I found them here!", "This makes the third pair of these that I own. I wear them to work at the hospital. they are light weight, comfortable, and fashionable.", "Got these for my daughter and she loves them.  She is on her feet all day long in her job, and these give her good support.", "Fit is small so order one-half to one full size larger.  Design more suitable for narrow foot.  Unable to wear since shoe lacks Achilles heel notch.", "These shoes are alright. I do Zumba every day (twice a day 1 to 2 times a week) and needed a replacement for my Capezio dance sneakers (which only lasted about 3 months before getting holes on the sides). I wanted dance shoes that supported my arches because I am not a traditional dancer with strong arches. These shoes definitely give me that support, but they do not pivot and turn smoothly. Given the fact that I go to different places and my Capezio's had no issue, I can say it is NOT the floor. I have been using them everyday for nearly two weeks now. They were a little rough to break in as well. Dance shoes should not be this stiff. I have been able to make them work because I know what I am doing, but someone new to a dance workout like Zumba might have a hard time if they are expecting this shoes to truly be dance shoes and may hurt themselves on a pivots or turns. I'll wear them out, but I would not purchase them again.UPDATEYeah. I can't even wear these out. I can't even do a proper cumbia step in them. These cannot be used for Zumba and I truly wonder what kind of 'Zumba' people are claiming to be able to do in these shoes. I really tried to make them work, but they have taken a toll on my knees. Every time I go to turn, I forget that I need to be careful in these shoes.  Not worth it for Zumba at all.", "Low on my list of 5. Hard, bulky and not a great spin. At least on my hardwood living room floor.", "I bought two pairs of Nike Musique - black and grey and I LOVE THEM!! I am a Jazzercise instructor and do cardio as well as strength training.. these shoes work great for both! I have narrow feet and these are the best pair of shoes out there!!", "I have a narrow foot, so traditional nursing shoes / clogs don't work for me. These, however, are fantastic! The leather is easy to wipe down, they have fantastic arch support (I need it), and after 12 hours my feet aren't screaming like so many others'. I can't attest to how they are for dancing other than random outbursts in the hallway, but they feel great on my knees while still being slip-resistant enough to be safe.My only complaint is that the white/white are hard to clean so that they stay white. They look super cool when they are brand new, but because of the plastic / leather combo there's no way that they will stay that way. If this bothers you, get another color. I'll be getting the black next. :)", "Bought this shoe for Zumba.  Bought a size 9, to make extra room for my 8 1/2 wide feet.  Shoe seemed very long and narrow, but it fit okay enough for Zumba.  Will use it, but I will continue to look for shoes that better fit my wide feet.", "This shoe is great for zumba especially if you have a narrow foot.  The circular tread allows for easy turns on both carpet and hard floors.  All leather body and leather side stripping provide great support.  They may be a little heavier than the newer mesh shoes but worth the support and long wear that you get in return.  They may also seem a little stiff at first but once the leather has been broken in they feel flexible and have the  right amount of cushioning in the soles. This is my second pair and I highly recommend them.", "These are very comfortable shoes for Zumba!  Just enough slide when I need it.  My feet tend to be wide but there are no problems there AND my orthotic (shoe insert) fits in nicely, since I ordered a 1/2 size larger.", "I bought these shoes because my other Nikes were killing my knees in Zumba class. Since I've been using them, I haven't complained of any knee pain (I actually didn't notice I haven't had to pull out the Icyhot until I wrote that). Sometimes my arches still do ache, but it's minimal and wears off much quicker than when I wore my Free Run 5.0s. I'm a 7.5 in virtually all shoes and got a 7.5 in these, but they are a smidgen too large. The 7.5 in my Free Runs is a perfect fit. I know that goes against most of the reviews who said to order a size up, but things just work that way I guess. Try them out! You will not be disappointed.", "Have used them several times now and I am very happy with them.  The rubber nose piece is nice for those sweaty moments to help with slippage.  I would purchase again if I lost or broke these.", "I need a bigger nose, as the nose piece barely touches the bridge of my nose....but they looks great on me ;)", "it's nive and comfi but of course all white shoes can get dirty so easy", "Sizing too small! I would say get a size bigger or a size and a half bigger.  I had to stretch them out with stuffing them with 5 hand towels in each shoe. I love the look and color of the shoes. I hated all those neon colors. This was a much better choice. SADLY just too small...", "my wife love it", "This shoe is great.  I have a hard time finding shoes that I feel really comfortable in, but I could go all day in these and my feet feel great.  I will never have another every day sneaker again.  Also works well for running, walking, hiking, and cross training.", "This shoe is true to size. i ordered a 7.5 and fits very well. It may be tight while putting it on because the tongue is not detached from the shoe, but once I have it on it fits perfectly. Make sure you wear thin socks otherwise it will be tight. the pink color is very nice, but the other color came darker compared to the one posted online- it's black and not dark gray as I have perceived it. It is very lightweight. So aside from the color, i am very satisfied with how it fits and feels on my foot.", "It was a good shoe but it was the wrong size so we had to return it. Nothing wrong with the product at all", "The shoes were a little tight and I didn't know about there being no tongue instead it's just an opening to slide your foot into. However, it is still a great shoe!", "I wanted so much to love these shoes.  They are so cute.  But the back of the shoe sits too low on my heel.  Also there is very little support.  I tried replacing the soles with Sofsoles.  That helped but put the back of the shoe way too low on my heel.", "I like the shoes a lot, the fit is great - just like my old Nike's. The only thing I didn't pay attention to and therefore didn't expect was the one-piece-slip-on construction. I''m getting used to that though. Still a good shoe and I don't have to worry about the tongue slipping at all.", "The black is wearing off the toe and the soles. This Nike is alright. But I kind of wish I would've just gone to Nike and bought the ones I wanted.", "These were advertised as running shoes, however, I am not a runner. I wear them for walking and regular exercise at the gym. They are extremely comfortable.....I followed the suggestion and sized up a half size and the fit is perfect. Love, love, love(did I say it enough)these shoes.", "These shoes are snug. But they are only small for me I believe because I wear nike elite socks which add a lot of padding.", "These are no where near as comfortable as my other pairs, I have the impression that these may possibly be a knock off brand or Nike changed the fabric or something.  I'm rather disappointed.", "My son wears this shoes everyday as his favorite pair. Wish i have this on my size bec am thinking of getting one for myself. Awesome shoes,", "Got these for Hubby for Fathers Day, he loves them! He loves that the red stripe matches his Harley ;-)", "Bought these for a nephews birthday. Shoe is nice, the look is very clean and fits very comfortably. Definately recommended.", "My husband wanted classic Nike's and I got these. He was very pleased they fit well and they were a reasonable price.", "very light, comfortable and appears to be durable too. a friend uses this shoe to dance salsa and hang around", "I really like these shoes. They fit well. They look great. The problem now is they make all my other clothes look s****y.", "Too Cool!!!  I love it!!!", "I AM RUNNING WITH MY NEW ( THREE MONTH ) NIKE SPAN 6 FOR MEN ABOUT 10 KILOMETER A DAY I FIND THE SHOE TO BE COMFORTABLE TO WEAR,EASY TO RUN WITH AND NO WEIGHT AT ALL, ONLY THE COLOR WHITE TENDS TO GET DIRTY VERY QUICK,IN ALL A GOOD SHOW.SAM E", "The first week with this shoe was OK as it was pretty comfortable, lightweight and seemed to handle well for my daily 5-6 mile runs.  However, after about 5 days the problems started to surface.  The biggest problem is that the soles of the shoes wear very quickly -- and it's not just this shoe, but it seems all new Nike shoes are made with material that wears quickly.  No doubt this is done because it means you can no longer get the 300-400 miles out of a running shoe you used to be able to, but now you are lucky if you get 200 miles.  Less miles means more sales for Nike.The flywire concept while \"neat\" at first really turned into a nightmare.  I soon discovered that this shoe had no support whatsoever.  On two occassions I almost twisted my ankle when going from road to grassy surface because this shoe has zero support and almost no stability.  The slightest movement off-center and you are on your own.Overall, the shoe just cannot stand up to the daily demands of running and the quality of the shoe is very sorely lacking.  I would not recommend this shoe to anyone, especially a serious runner.  What I would recommend though is theASICS Men's GEL-Kayano 15 Running Shoewhich is the best running shoe out there and beats Nike in comfort, durability and performance ten times over.", "I stand on my feet at least 8 hours a day, and with this shoe, my feet feel good, and they don't hurt.", "My feet get really hot, and these are basically just mesh on top, so they are perfect for me.  Just right.", "They always fit. Sizes are consistant. Great shoe; I play handball. they are very light and comfortable. I don't even know their on.", "I love these shoes, they look better than the majority of the AF1's that I have had before. I recommend.", "These shoes are great for people who like to walk alot, but terrible running shoes i think.. They are entirely too heavy on the feet and cause the individual to do all the work. but for walking they are great, you can walk 10/ 20 miles in them but can't run 3. and that's just my opinion..", "I was happy to find these on-line to replace a worn out pair that have been perfect in both fit and stability. I have plantar fasciitis, so I have to be picky about running shoes. Also, I like the basic white / gray color scheme. Not a fan of the ugly neon colors in the newer lines from Nike.", "I needed a new pair of glasses since my other favorites broke.  i really like the color i got, the champagne gold frame. it actually matches my hair!! i wear these all over the place.  i am not athletic at all, but i really liked the shape and the quality, plus they were a great price.  my husband has a pair of nike sunglasses (paid full price) and i really liked the way they were made.  so i gave them a try and glad i did.  i wear these for a more casual look, i do have dressier sunglasses for other times. these, i definately wear the most.  another great buy from amazon. thanks", "My daughter is on her school swim team and a most of her swim meets start late after noon and into the night and it's outdoors...the other teams were wearing these parkas so I ordered one for her and and she really likes it...it keeps her warm in-between the heats...if you need something to keep warm in between heats this is the one for you", "Way too big for a running shoe. It's more of a basketball type of shoe.", "This shoe is very light and good for running but it is very tough. It has lasted me almost a year but i do not wear them anymore. After u wear them for a while they get really bouncy and comfortable. They r the best shoes for running that i have had and they r good for just walking. The shoe can get scuffed up and the foam on the side gets destroyed really easily but that does not matter if u use them to run. These r really good for running if u r in to sports and they r good for walking also.", "love the style and colors of this shoe they really flow well together. very comfortable good arch support and comes with orange laces", "I bought these shoes three years ago and have worn them everywhere!  Traveling, they are light-weight, quick to dry and most importantly, they are SOOOOOOO comfortable.  Never a blister.  NEVER!!  The little elastic band that crosses near the toes is just as stretchy and taut as it was when I bought these shoes.  Alas, now that I want to buy another pair, I cannot find these shoes anywhere.  Which reinforces my belief that once you find a great pair of shoes, better go out and buy two more pairs, just in case the manufacturer stops making them.  Come on, Nike!  Let's see more of these perfect, wear-everywhere shoes!!!", "I purchased shoes as a gift to my son and it was a perfect fit! Excellent and well known pair of Nike shoes!", "I previously bought this model from another seller in black colour. It arrived in a hard plastic case, instructions and warranty. I wanted a colour change and ordered them in brown. The lens are too clear so they don't do their job of really protecting from sunglare. On the other hand, they came in a cheap cloth case without model details, nor warranty.", "Perfect", "This was not the correct item ordered. The picture and description of item I ordered was a soft bottom crib shoe,(screenshot included). Sent the item to soneone as a gift and they get a hard soled baby shoe. Check my account and the picture of item ordered is no longer the soft bottom shoe!! This is ridiculous, I only ordered because it was a soft bottom, I could have purchased the hard bottom shoe at my local sneaker store for HALF the price!!! Very upset", "This shoe was perfect in size and I love the bib that comes with it. I bought it a little big for my son so I know it will fit him good. Everything was intact.", "Love this sneaker, cannot find it anywhere and very glad I bought it.  I wouldl like to purchase this one again.  Great!!!!!!", "Good cleats, but have some trouble with the tongue of the shoe; it lets in some dirt when playing (design flaw). Other than that, the leather is soft and shoe runs a bit small (about 1/2 size). Over all satisfied and for the price it's a good deal. Have played on both, soft natural surface and sinthetic, plastic grass (smaller field for 5 on 5) and shoe has performed well on both pitches.", "These have been my favorite Nike since 1982. They are hard to find. So I was so happy to find a pair in the right size for the right price. Now I just need to find the same shoe in the classic white with red swoosh & red/white/blue sole, and I will be in heaven.", "...and he's picky. He won't wear uncomfortable shoes, and he says these are nice and supportive. He loves the retro style. I love that they last forever.", "IT WAS EXACTLY WHAT  I WAS LOOKING FOR. THEY FIT PERFECT VERY COMFORTABLE INSIDE PACKAGING WAS AS YOU BOUGHT FROM THE STORE", "These are my fifth par of Cortez. I have multiple colors and love them all.", "wow!!!! i will say just wow! it looks just like on pictures and my bf liked it very much. it is very comfortable", "I ordered a blue and a black pair.  The black pair fits fine.  The blue pair were a little snug in width.  Then I realized they were shipped from two different stores.", "I like my Cortez Nike's. The design is classic and I get tons of complements. However, After about an hour or so, they are a little tight. I wish I would have gotten a half size larger. I will get another pair soon but next time I will get a larger size.", "The shoes looked great, but I apparently don't know my own shoe size. I returned the shoes and re-bought them in a larger size", "Muy buenas zapatillas, duraderas, clasicas al mejor estilo forest... se ven muy buen con un jean, me gustan mucho y todos les encanta mis nuevo calzado...", "I really feel comfortable with it , i took a white one its really cool with a good priceThank you.", "I am a musician so I stand for long periods. I find that these are very comfortable and easy on my heels.... Great buy!", "Cortez are about a half size too small.  On the thin side and about a half size shorter than most.  Nice though as far as style and look.", "The shoes come laced very tightly but once you loosen the laces up a bit these sneakers fit perfectly. I have a pair of Nike Cross trainers and these are just as comfortable. I may end up buying the white w/ blue swoosh too. Not too crazy about the little metal medallion on the laces but it's easy enough to take off.", "Heads up people. These run at least a half size smaller than the sizing chart says. Had to return mine.", "Just as described. Nice pair of sneakers, fit well and look good with any casual outfit. They are as white or whiter than I expected and clean up good.", "These are the only tennis shoes that work for me .....a lot of people see and they bring back memories from high school", "=)", "Im a big fan of nike and this nike cortez are excellent i really like using them.  Ff ggg aaa aaa", "The shoes seem at tad more snug than the black pair I have, but they'll most likely loosen up after wearing a few times. They look great.", "I have worn Nike Cortez since 1978???  I love them. They have changed a little over the years, but i will always but them!", "Great Nike design. My husband has a nice stock of these sneakers. Some things just never go out of style! Of course he never throws them out!", "The Navy and white looks good is why I like them.  I plan on using them for everyday and gym work such as treadmill and squats.  They are cushy how I like for squats.  The thing I don't like it that the tongue is nylon.  I hate the Cortez nylons as they are cheesy and prefer my shoes to be leather as they last longer look better and are more comfy better made.  Nylon is just a cheap material so I avoid it as much as possible as a rule.  Nike made these Cortez cheaper than their other Cortez.  Cortez is like a tough shoe like Lugz.  Now Nike makes weird shoes with silly colors so harder to get a decent shoe out of them.  I have been looking for the Cortez blue suedes for a long time like four years and have not been able to find them, only the leathers and nylons and this one is a cross of both so that is disappointing.  I wanted to put fat laces on these but with the cheapo nylon inside that seems silly.  Who puts fat laces on nylons?  I probably will but leather tongue is more comfortable plus I plan on running a lot on these and leather is not as absorbent as nylon.  The nylon is going to get funky quick with my demanding workouts.  I guess I'm better off with track Asics and Adidas as it seems Nike is lowering their quality putting brand recognition over quality materials and construction.  Nike leather is cheap and thin and then they try to piece pleather of fabric in places to be even cheaper.  They are too greedy and as a result they are hurting their brand.  I bought four other shoes and I am sure they are all better than this one such as the PUMA Men's Roma Basic Lace-Up Fashion Sneaker.", "they were a gift for my grandson who loves them!  The service was quick and and the product was exactly as advertised.", "The shoes can in on time as it stated online. They were brand new and was really happy with the price we paid.", "I was looking for a pair of these for a while. I really liked them when I received them, they were good quality sneakers, and I received them in the time expected. I would do busuness with this seller again!!", "Wearing this brand 30 plus years there is a reason they call these shoes &#34;classic&#34; They just plain look good", "I got these shoes for my husband for fathers day.  I looked all over at the retail stores and they did not have the specific size I was looking for.  Glad to have found them on Amazon!", "very comfortable, with a good fit. Very pleased, would highly recommend. Outstanding product.In the process of making another order.", "For wide feet this shoes can bother you in some point but after a while for breakin them you can comfortably walk around with them", "bought for my son. CASUAL SHOES 10.5 Men US. Excellent sneakers. Comfortable, beautiful. Son liked sneakers. He is very happy. Bought 2 pairs.", "I have 4 pairs of free run 2's. I wear them when I train and they fit great. They fit like a slipper, very snug but in a good way. I would recommend these to anyone that needs a reliable, comfortable, durable shoe for exercise or work.", "My favorite shoes!", "Fit great, very comfortable. I'm a beginner runner and use them as my running shoes and I am very happy with them. Would recommend them.", "The colors are more 'girly' than I thought was portrayed in the picture, it ran a little larger than I expected also. but nothing a double layer of socks can't fix. Otherwise, a great running shoe!", "This shoe seemed to either be used or of low grade quality. Within a week of my son wearing them they started to fall apart. Whats the deal with that? I have never had a pair of nike shoes I bought from a store do this, these weren't what I expected at all and will not buy from this seller again.", "These shoes fit great and they are so comfortable. I got a lot of compliments from people. I will probably purchase another pair of these shoes.", "They feel like I'm wearing no shoes at all!! I've always had my eye out for a pairif these, I just was never a fan of a lot of the color schemes, call me &#34;old fashioned&#34; but I like a simplistic color scheme and this was perfect! Nike always makes a quality piece of footwear.", "Everything about this purchase is great!  Best price around the net, $50 savings comparing to other sellers.  Timely and free delivery, perfect fit.  What else can a buyer desire?", "I love the look and fit of these shoes. They are so comfortable that once I put them on I never want to take them off. I highly recommend these for anyone who is doing any kind of training. They are very light and have great traction for all surfaces. 100% what I expected", "Fit as expected.", "Product as described and these were for my father in law since our dog chewed his other slides.  Father in law very pleased with these.", "I had some postal issues on my end, but they communicted with me an im so pleased with my product", "I was debating whether to get these or a different pair, but I decided to get these because I did not want to be the same as everyone else. Here is a key when ordering sizes: If you wear a Nike 13 Tennis Shoe, get size 12. Trust me, 13 is way to big.This thing got to my house the next day, which I did not order Expedited or One Day Shipping!Great shoe, order from RunnWalk if possible.", "i got these a few days ago. I had read on several reviews that they can run small, but i decided to just get my normal size and see what happens. I got a size 11 and i could not believe that in my normal shoe size, they were actually if anything a little big. No big deal though, as the size is almost perfect.However, the strap at the top if very very tight. There is no way to adjust it either unfortunately. I am confused as to why it is so tight, its almost a bit painful to wear them, but i am trying to break them in a bit to see if i am going to keep them or not.I like the sandal itself, but it is quite uncomfortable at the moment", "Great fit, feels comfortable, might buy another pair for casual wear. Good buy! said 7 more words required so I'm just typing now", "I bought these sandals for my husband for Father's Day and he hasn't opened yet.  I assume this product will be nice because I have the same shoes in my size!  I have always purchased items from Nike - tennis shoes, clothes, etc. and have always been impressed so I imagine my husband will enjoy these comfortable Nike sandals as I have.", "Lightweight athletic slide is comfortable and true to size.  Black on black is a nice neutral and good alternative to regular flip flops.", "these slippers are my favorite right now they are strong and durable although when they get wet they take a very long time to dry", "the shoe fit nice and it is great to lounge in. My nephew loved his birthday present. will continure to buy.", "I bought these slides for my son as really like a house shoe, something to keep on his feet around the house.  But he also wears these as a relaxed shoe after his boxing classes as well as after football practice.  There comfortable yet stylish.  He can wear them around the house and then he can also wear them with basketball shorts and look kind of cool.", "I like the slide, however they run really small and I could not find my foot comfortably in the slide, I returned them for a size bigger in hopes that that will solve the problem.", "They rip super easy", "I liked them because they are snug with socks and have excellent cushioning. Hubbies shoe but we keep at the door so I wear them to mailbox. I really like. Comfortable", "Personally, I love how these sandals have the Nike wording on top of them. Unlike many Nike sandals I see around, this one doesn't just have the swoosh.", "I bought these because I had a pair a few years ago and liked them, but when I got these I realized they were made a little different. They were very stiff, no cushion at all, and narrow.", "I have to say Amazon was great with refunding these.  By no fault by them or the company I did not read that they ran small. The refund was issued and I ordered size bigger.  They are a great shoe.  To bad little ones feet grow so fast.  I'll order another pair when this happens.", "True to size so I would get a size bigger next time but I love them", "My son usually wears a 6 but these size 7 fit perfect. Super comfy and easy to wear. My son has been wearing them since they arrived.", "Ordered these for my son in size 5. The sandals say they are that size, however one fits rather tight and the other is ready to fall off of his foot. Turns out the strap on the sandal is placed way farther back than the other!! In the process of returning these.", "Very confortable slippers for my boy? he's like it. Highly recommended. But not too much choices on the Amazon. Would recommend to offer more slippers like that.", "Very comfy, long lasting. This is my daughter's 2nd pair! We will come again to get next size in different color.", "They look good but my kid do not like them they are too loose on the side so when he walk he sandals go on the side of his feet.", "They actually fit perfect and I like them a lot. These shoes were well worth it! Thanks", "They fit well I have a lot of shock absorption and there very comfortable they do their job very well", "I ordered these for my seven month old and love them! Air Force One's are such a classic shoe that never go out of style and match just about everything! He received tons of compliments the first day he wore them. I like that they come with the cardboard toe inserts to help with the crinkle toe effect. I will be ordering more in the future. I just wish Nike made wide width shoes for babies!!", "Got this green one for my friend's birthday. She loves the cuff which is easy to put on and take off. She also likes the rubber grips at the ends which help keep the watch in one place. The most important feature is the lime green color and the contrast of the face. Glad she loves it!", "I bought this because it was the most comfortable shoe for work related plantar fascia. I cannot find another shoe as comfortable.", "Great watch with exceptional quality! Highly recommend to the daily runner! Excuse me for a few, I have 5 miles to do!", "I love this shoe but it is harder and harder to find. The heel cushion is amazing and lasts as long as the shoe does. I run in the Gel Nimbus which is a similar shoe, but the heel breaks down much faster!", "They work like heaven. They are light as a feather. Im usually not a runner, but with these shoes you dont get tired at all I was able to run with out stopping for 1 hour and did not feel tired or felt pain in my feet like with other running shoes. Must buy if you love doing exercise", "I had some that looked like this and thought these would do even though they don't say \"wide.\"  They just weren't wide enough to handle my bunions and hammertoes so I gave them to a shoe givewaway for the needy.", "I like the shoes however they seem a bit narrow for me. I purchased my usual size, maybe I should have gotten a half size larger.", "I usually play 27-36 holes and needed to change shoes after 18. With theses shoes I can go 36 and it feels like I'm barefoot walking on marshmellows.........", "Everything was great.  They fit as expected and am very pleased. Using Amazon for anything is always a good thing", "Great shoes for running, walking--anything! Especially if you have a bad back like I do. Your feet can thank me later.", "I purchased the Air Max to use in place of cleated golf shoes as the grip of the golf shoes was aggravating a knee injury per recommendation of physical therapist.  This was an excellent idea.  Just the right amount of grip for a good game of golf and no knee pain after.  In addition, they are super comfortable.  I'll never wear traditional golf shoes again.", "Fast shipping, looks Awsome, fits great. Perfect transaction.", "Very nice shoes they fit as expected and are really light working great for running purposes and the colors are great!", "I cant really review these because I received knock offsI did have and still have the black and white size 11 and they fit great but on amazon they had almost 80% of the sellers selling Korean knockoffs which were over sized and not shaped to your foot properly ,also if you had a real pair the emblems were smaller and not in the correct place and not reflective .JUNK!", "THESE SHOES ARE LIKE WALKING ON AIR THEY ARE REALLY LIGHT AND COMFORTABLE IT ALMOST FEELS LIKE YOU DONT HAVE THEM ON", "Bought this shoe for my son for Christmas, huge waste of money, they didn't last a 2 months before they started falling apart. We are Nike fans, but this shoe was a huge failure.", "This Is my secunde pair, the fiesta one blog up don't know the reason but i don't know where to tale them for  guaranteI bought another one beca use they are great", "this product is very good, better than the pictures. will definitely be doing business in the future again and recommend to everyone. NIKE RULES!", "shoes are fine but I am disappointed to see how I paid 40.00 too much compared to what I am seeing out there now", "Love these shoes.  They look really good and feel great.  I have 4 pair of these now and love them all.", "fit my feet very well,size is goodget the goods very quickly.the shoes is new but not cheaper than it is sold in China.", "I usually spent a lot of time working out in high impact activities as step, aerobics and spinning. And this shoes are the perfect match for my gym time. Comfortable and functional.", "kinda like the style , and color combo , fit nice ,price is alittle steep , id recomend these for training , considering buying a backup pair , maybe different color", "This shoes fit great, a little soft and springy but I with my bad luck walking down a flight of stairs happen to catch an sharp object that hit perfectly in the area where the air is now it lost over half the rebound and makes a sheee shee sound.  Way to easy to puncture that membrane for the price.  They are ruined as far as I am concerned.", "what  can i say about shoes we all knowi like better the air max 2009better shape better fiti would returun them and get older model if they had it it with this colorshipping took lobger then expected", "He is a referee and the shoes are nice and comfortable.  He said that they are very comfortable!  Very nice", "Now I know shoes have to be broken in, understand that.But I weigh 220, not entirely too heavy and I have already had the air cushion pop. I was at work, so I had to pop the other side to cope for the day. The weird thing they are more comfortable and &#34;squishy&#34; with no air, they were really stiff while inflated. In fact they didnt even feel like they had air cushions before, they felt like regular shoes...(Maybe they were too inflated from the factory?)They breathe decently though.", "Excellent shoes.love working with them & training in them.Bad thing is gets dirty fast but it is expected.I no longer worry about my feet hurt like they use to.", "I feel good... I just love nike... It would've been better...For real... I got what I've spect...Very nice", "BACKGROUND:  I am 6' 2\", 205 lbs, and I run 20-25 miles a week.  I've been running for almost 2 years, and I've used the New Balance MR1062SB exclusively until now.  I am no longer am to find my size, and the MR1063 was a non-starter due to having a higher arch.EXPERIENCE:  The fit and feel of the Nike Zoom Vomero+ 4 was different than what I was used to, but I thought I had my replacement for the New Balance MR1062SB.  One 6.5 mile run was all that I needed to know that this would not be the case.  My right foot was very irritated on top just beyond the joint of the big toe.  Feeling around inside, I found a flaw in the stitching that matched my trouble spot.  There's no way this was going to work for 300-500 miles.  Back to the drawing board...", "they are very gray, I thought they were green and white or maybe a light gray.  They are very gray and I do not like them.  If you purchase them you have to pay for the shipping to send them back and reorder new ones.  They are very narrow in width.", "i bought this for my wife and she loves them her old ones had more shox on them she wished all of nikes had more shox on all there shoes not just select ones", "The last guy who gave these shoes one star because he got the wrong size shoes. They are great shoes. An order mistake does not excuse one to give a product a low rating. These are classics!", "I have to admit, I was extremely excited about getting these shoes. I am on my feet for 12 hour shifts with work and have several coworkers that have this style shoe. After MULTIPLE people gave them rave reviews I decided to get some for myself. The look of the shoe is great. The fit is a bit smaller than I expected. I wear a 8 or 8 1/2 in shoes but should have ordered a 9 in this one. Another complaint is that the tongue of the shoe slips to the side. I have to adjust it several times per day. These shoes also &#34;eat&#34; my socks. Again, I have to adjust several times per day. They also have a weird clicking noise when I am walking. All these things make me wish I hadn't purchased them or could at least return them. As I said, many other people have given rave reviews but they aren't the best for me.", "Ive had these shoes for about 2 years now and i was hesitant to buy them at first because some people complained about them being poorly made but that was not the case. These shoes are super comfy and are great for running.", "love this shoe but they do run extremely small. Like a whole size small. They fit good when I take the insert out but not as comfy when I do that.", "I had read great reviews about this shoe but I found them to be uncomfortable. I'm not sure why but they do not provide much support. I use them to go to the gym daily (lift weights and do light cardio) but occasionally I have to switch them out with other shoes because they become uncomfortable.", "I bought these shoes for my daughter and she loves them. Very comfortable under strenuous physical education exercises both indoors and outdoors.", "Comfortable and nice to wear...very light on the feet makes wearing all day very comfortable.  nice color combinations and nice shoe materials...", "This shoe is great, perfect for working out or even just for a walk around the town. The company shipped in good time and was exactly what I wanted.", "The colors are awesome and they look brand new when bleached in the washing machine! The are very comfortable too! I would recommend!", "Very comfortable and stylish. I like to wear these when I know I'm going on long walks and long hikes.", "Nike Free Run+3 Womens Running Shoes Dark Grey/Reflective Silver  shoes are very light and comfortable, true to size. Design is very lovely.", "Awesome shoes!!!Just choose a half size bigger and they will fit perfectly, you can even try them in a store before ordering the color you want ;) Super happy with my new shoes!!", "I bought these for my son. He's told me they confortable and light when walking/playing. He's been wearing them very often since they arrived (like a month ago) and they still look fine...", "I bought this pair of sneakers for my brother-in-law and I think they do look beautiful. They seem to be very resistant and comfortable.", "Buyer beware!  I purchased a pair from Amazon for $57+ shipping, but when I went back for a second pair the price was over $80, so I didn't buy. Maybe God was protecting me?? Penney's is 110 miles R/T away and they were out of these shoes on two trips, so I purchased from Amazon. Last week Penney's had them for $55, their usual price, with an MSRP posted of $60.I liked the shoes for the first 3 months, but the side/top suade material allows water to enter, thus soaking my socks while jogging across wet grass.  Using basketball shoes for jogging 5+ mi./day resolved an ankle problem 5 doctors were not able to for over 25 years.However, both shoes literally came apart after about 3 months or less! The soles separated from the shoe body. My only Nike's to ever have a problem in about 13 years.", "Fit good and looks good. Nice every day shoes. I understand others saying it's hard to get a big foot into the little hole. It's ok though.", "arrived at the date indicated, are original and comes a little more limited as a means number guy, from there on out was very good buy", "I bought these and they are stiffer then I wanted to play in so I am using them for work. They run a little small.", "Get some gel inserts and these are perfect. The looks and fit were spot on. The construction seems pretty good after a few months of wear. The soles are a bit thin and my feet a bit sensitive. Gel inserts make it nice at this price.", "Which is why i sent it back for a size 10, which is what i buy for my running shoes.", "MY HUSBAND LOVED THESE. HE HAD A VERY OLD PAIR THAT NEEDED REPLACING AND THESE DID THE JOB AND THEN SOME!", "The size is great fits as expected the strength is great the only issue is the white in the straps are not the same one is normal white shinny and the other is like a stained yellowish color almost ll", "I bought these for my son. They were delivered as expected. The shoes have wore well. They Clean up easy and wear well. He says they are comfortable.", "Nike Men's NIKE JORDAN HYDRO 2 SLIDE SANDALSGreat sandals grandson loves them really comfy.His friends want to know where he got them we told them Amazon,com.", "It takes some breaking in and is kind of high-maintenance to keep clean and white but I think they are really stylish and comfortable once broken into. The bottoms aren't soft and cushiony like most Nike and Under Armour ones are.", "Came on time love my shoes", "the shoes were everything i thought they would be fit is nice they are comfortable and i have gotten many compliments on them the 2 times ive worn them..", "Great fabric and with UV protection. I would really recommend it. Fit as expected. Come in really nice Bright colors.", "It's a good shoes very comfortable. The kind material to make that make comfortable my foot.I can recommend with my friends.", "beautiful and very comfortable. i love the design so much. was not happy that the package was opened when i received it.", "cool colours.....feel a lil uncomfortable cos i chose half size lesser than my original size.my first online purchase tho.but they really ayt", "Hi, I had order this Nike Air Force 180 MID, for my Nephew, it arrived before the time stated, from California to The Bahamas, packaging was great, size was as requested & tracking was available. He Love it, Thx. Amazon & Shoezoo, for making this transaction a smooth one.", "Ok so I've been wanting these barkleys for a while actually the 1984 Olympic joints but had to settle for these thought I had made a great purchase turns out I didn't I've worn these shoes 3x the 1st time jus to try them on and now the red and white speckled part by the sole is peeling for what reason idk also ima woman who loves sneakers so I pretty much baby them overall I feel like these shoes aren't authentic I wish I could put a picture here so you can see", "The colors are depicted are exactly the colors on the shoe. The material feels more like a pho leather now, not as high quality as they used to, but good looking none the less.", "These are good fitting and comfortable shoes.  I have a feeling that these shoes are going to last me a very long time.", "I like it but the product did not satisfy us as much for the price we paid. Hope you guys lower the price a little", "I LOVE SHOX! I was having a terrible time locating some new shox. But then I though duh! Amazon! I wear a 81/2 or 9 in womens so I took  a chance at the 7 in mens. Im glad I did! They were a tiny bit snug when I first put them on but after wearing them about 3 times they fit perfectly! I wear them at least twice a week and they still look brand new and feel great!", "Perfect fit and super cool looking. Love that they are water proof and have super traction on wet pavement as well.", "My son runs 6th grade cross country but still takes a size 3 kids shoe.  We tried the best kids shoes we could find (Saucony Kinvara, New balance) and they all resulted in heel/Achilles pain as well as terrible durability.  Children's shoes are just not made of the same quality even if it is the same make/model as adult shoes.  He pretty much had to quite running until I finally found a women's size 5..which to my surprise is quite rare.  The Pegasus had a good reputation and has lived up to it.  His heel pain vanished after about two runs in the Pegasus.  The shoe also has excellent support and traction for running on grass and trails.  The Pegasus also comes in the smaller sizes and a variety of colors making it a strong option for both boys and girls looking for a quality shoe.  I was a bit nervous about the seller as I it was not coming from Amazon directly, but the shoes were new, arrived promptly and at a great price.", "Again great fit! Glad it's not made in China and delivery was soooo quick! The only reason it gets four stars is because I was hoping the orange was going to be more of a neon, otherwise it was a little darker than I expected.", "Nice quality.  My son was very happy  with them.  They fit nice.  In new box just as expected. Would do more business  with.", "Nice navy blue color that goes with everything.  My son loves them, says they are comfortable and loves to run in them.", "It really comfortable and look niceship fast just in 3 days after I ordered it from UTAL to CALIFORNIA", "A little big, but room to grow. Very comfortable.", "excellent. I use daily my Nike's, they are to confortable. excelent product. I don't have more comments about this product", "I am very satisfied with the product however the picture used in this rating is an inaccurate representation of what the product actually looks like.", "I am a huge fan of Nike AF One and those shoes are just dope! Very unusual but still the classic AF1 look.", "These as Nike says about the Presto, \"fit like a t-shirt\". Only these are half dunks/ half presto...which means they are made from the same material as Presto's but in the Dunk format. Quite awesome.", "Used the Triax 11 last year and needed new one, got the Triax 12 and was just as comfortable as it's predecessor. One thing though, the back of the left heel isn't as good of a fit as before. Been wearing down the skin where my achilles meets my heel. Been wearing a band aid on that spot to prevent abrasion. Your milage may vary.", "Bought these to wear to work as I am in Law Enforcement. They are lightweight for a boot of this nature and comfortable. Great traction and sturdily constructed. Also look nice as well.", "The material that these shoes are made of is much different but I love because they are very easy to clean. But if your feet gets hot real fast. These shoes aren't for you because there is no ventilation.", "Love these shoes!I play A LOT of tennis and would highly recommend these.Comfortable and durability as qualities, can't go wrong.", "I've worn out two pairs of this shoe for the past 5 years.  This is by far my favorite tennis shoes.  The shoe body is in \"sock\" style so it'll wrap around your feet tightly. The sole has very \"bouncy\" cushion support.  It feels wonderful hopping and running across the court in them.  They are also very light (lighter than other Nike women's tennis shoes). Although it feels true to size in general, I've felt slight difference (probably within margin of error visually but definitely different when wearing) in my two pairs of size 9s. Ideally you should try on the shoe in store and buy the pair that is most comfortable. I wash them in the washing machine and leave them to air dry.  I think using hot water is fine but be careful not to soak them for too long or spin too hard for the not-too-new shoes. I probably destroyed my last pair more quickly than I planned having washed them in very hot water - the glue at the front of the shoe holding the bottom came off.  I will definitely recommend this to anyone who wants maximum cushioning and runs a lot on the court.", "I bought a pair of sneakers from Amazon.com here in Brazil... The shoes is really good, I have some pairs of this brand. The price in the US is good, seeing that in Brazil it costs more than US 300.00... the unique problem is that customs in Brazil charge 60% over a specific price put by the Brazilian Government and not by the seller. The item arrieved before the time put by Amazon.com. Excelent!", "1.21 Giggawatts!!!!!I bought these shoes for my Marty McFly costume last halloween. It was as close to the Nike Bruins as you can get in 2010.Aside from that, they were extremely comfortable and allowed for very safe time travel.Although, in 1885... the towns people didn't really understand what they were. They kept calling them Knee-Kays. I'm sure they'll figure it out eventually.", "I've gotten more complements on this shoe than almost any other pair I own... and I have a lot of shoes", "theses shoes are really comfortable", "Came as promised, on time and as expected. Wanted to keep them but the toe box was too narrow for use a comfortable walking shoe.", "Those are very fancy comfortable and fit. My grandson loves Nike.", "This is a nice pair of Air Max shoes. The only problem here is that it is not available in a slightly bigger size like 15.5 which would have been pretty perfect for me, but then again I have really big feet. They look great and come in a variety of colors. The blue actually looks a lot better than it does in the product photograph. If you are used to wearing 15.5 or 16 then this is not for you, unless you are patient enough to wear them until they stretch out a bit, which is what I will be doing.", "Awesome shoes", "I thought this was a shoe more on d grey side but It is more on d brown n beige side wen I saw it in real. other than dat came swifty n its good", "Fit perfectly. Fast delivery.", "Works as advertised. Get the benefits of running barefoot without having to actually run barefoot. Very comfortable, flexible, and lightweight shoe.", "I was out for an entire year with Plantar Fasciitis.  My PT recommended the Zoom Structure. I wore them for a few months and will never wear another shoe.  I bought this pair for my son who does XC and also suffered from PF.  These shoes made all the difference.  Highly, highly recommended for runners who pronate!", "This sandal feels comfortable at first, but after wearing for 30-60 minutes per day for a few weeks, resulted in foot pain in my arch.Also there's a ridge around the heel area that's very uncomfortable if your heel doesn't always stay in the center of the sandal.", "Yellowish color on the base of both shoes. It looks horrible! Like somebody urinated on them before placing them in the shoebox.  I truly cannot believe this seller, TheKickShop, allowed this defective product to leave their establishment. I'm truly disappointed and will NOT order from them again.", "These shoes are perfect for sprinting. The price was excellent and they lasted the whole season. No need to buy another pair next year", "My son plays basketball everyday. The last pair wore put slow, 3 years. The investment in his enjoyment is worth it.", "Honestly, the only reason why I am not giving this shoe five stars is because it is very expensive and I think that at a certain point the pricing on a synthetic show becomes a bit overboard. At the same time, this is the best fitting sneaker i have ever owned! it feels as good as it looks and I swear i have been scoring more points then I have in years. Get them!", "These shoes are a great price. I'm actually 16 and where a size 7 in women's but I ordered a size 6.5 in boys, and they fit perfect! Excellent shape", "Not for competitive ball. Too heavy to run or jump in.  Shoes Look nice but def not a player's shoe.", "F", "This sneakers are AMAZING. I have been using the for 2 weeks now.Going to the gym and running with them. You have to use this things to know what it feels like.You have not wore real sneakers until you have one of these. It's like flying.Most comfortable sneakers I have ever had. And this comes from a US size 14 man. lolNot easy to find comfortable shoes for my big feet. But these ones do the job. Just love them.", "don't fix me", "in the picture the top part of the shoe look like breathable mesh but when I received them they looked like all pleather. they looked like knock offs to me. I sent them back for a full refund.", "there okay they could be more fitting I should of bought a diff coloror brand I seen them in the photo and I liked them but when I got them I wasn't really to happy with how much I spent on them I think fo what I payed for these shoes I could have gotten better", "I suffered from Plantar fasciitis and shox have been the only running shoes that has helped get rid of the problem. THey are a bit costly but worth it. I love these shoes. They are cute, comfortable and support my feet very well. I highly recommend.", "I really like these shoes, these where perfect for my clinicals and they are still good.  I really love the look and feel as well", "The reviews stated the shoes ran small... I ordered a bigger size and now I'm sending them back. This shoe I would say is true to size! It must be a wide shoe as well; they were comfortable just tooooo darn big!", "I am on my feet from 8 to 18 hours/day (nursing) and experience heel and knee pain without good quality shoes. I bought these thinking it would alleviate that b/c of the \"shocks\", but these shoes made the pain worse!! I bought a shoe insert and it helped some, but i think i'll stick with new balance shoes. They are less money and way more comfortable. i'll wear these for short trips out b/c they are stylish, but wont wear to work.", "These are ok, but I should have stuck with the nike Air's....They are a little tight threw the toe box and are ALOT heavier then I expected them to be.", "These shoes are very light weight and super comfortable. Couldn't be happier with this purchase. Before ordering, I went to a few other websites (prices waaay higher by the way) just to read a few reviews because noone had reviewed them on Amazon. Everyone seemed very happy with the quality of the shoe, and a couple of people had mentioned that they run a little small so to get a half size up. I am always a size 8 in Nike footwear, but did go ahead and order a half size up (figuring that I could always wear a thicker ped sock) and I am glad I did. The 1/2 size up fits perfectly. Very comfortable shoe. Doesn't make my (already big) foot look bigger either, which is always a plus!", "these shoes are great for 2 things not 1, 2! they are great for skateboarding! and give you the support to be basketball shoes you will need high top socks for these because they are giant! And they are unique cuz you dont see people wearing black/purple shoes. but they are really great shoes.", "Comfy shoes, foam's great and soft with the air pocket makes for great cushioning.Seller priced them well, posted them quickly, and at a good postage rate :D", "Really comfortable, i love them to run. good quality, service, it  cost the priice. My feet it's a regulaer 7, i ordered a 7,5 and fits really confortable.  Amazing.", "I got it on time, and it is very light weight and comfortable. Good for running.Bu do not wear in rainy day.", "Shoes came fast. was surprised how light they were. and even more comfortable. would definitely buy again.gotta find another colored other than the loud colors they offer now.", "I Purchased these for my boyfriend and he loves them! Quick service and they are a quality product. Looking forward to giving them to him.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever wore. In my opinion these beat any new balance pair that I had.", "These things are as light as a feather and fit like a glove supporting my whole foot. They do run a bit small so I wear my bike socks with them and the combo is great.", "theses are really nice shoes but I should of got a 1/2 size bigger its hard to try them on when there online", "Shoes fit very comfortably and are great when walking or running! I would recommend this shoe to any runner out there. Mkae sure you know what your nike size is before ordering online because nike sizes are different than most shoes.", "I wear these for cardio (running, bike, stairclimber, etc.), for weight training and for daily use.  They are light weight, fit my feet perfectly and are extremely comfortable.  I will absolutely order another pair when the current sneakers need replacement.", "I got these as a present for my husband and he loves them!very comfy on his feet and look great. Highly recommend", "Feels like you are walking on clouds. They are a light weight pair of shoes that feels great for running.", "No complaints. I want to buy the blue pair next. Great shoes and a great price. Go Texas Tech. Boom", "these shoes are in fact very comfortable, but woe is you if you walk on any surface that may have small pebbles or rocks. The soles on these things grab onto rocks and won't let them go until you stop and pry them out with your fingers. Or you can just deal with the scraping of rocks against concrete every time you take a step.It's pretty annoying and I wish I could take them back honestly. The places I walk have rocks everywhere and so this ended up being a terrible choice in running shoes.I gave it three stars because they are very comfy and are very pleasant to walk/run in otherwise.", "Nike did not offer extra width in these, so they are laterally snug, but okay.  The shoe is light and soft to run on, very comfortable.  HOWEVER, if there are any stones or pebbles on your running path, or if you have to cross over or run upon gravel, expect to pick out dozens of stones from the bottom of the shoe after the run.  The little &#34;fingers&#34; on the bottom flex and allow the pebbles to wedge up into the sole.  You may start out with a 9 oz. shoe, but end up with a 13 oz. shoe with the pebbles.", "These shoes are perfect for running and training, are quite comfortable and extremely lightweight. The shoe colors are as vivid as the photo, draw a lot of attention. Amazing shoes, highly recommended.", "Tongue is awy too think.  Tying the laces tight resulted in a lot of pain on the top of my foot.", "It's ok", "Excellent shoes... very confortable, everithing according to the expected.  Wonderful running shoes, you could not ask for more... nike quality", "I have been a regular runner for the past 20 years and have spent the last 5 years moving from shoe to shoe and dealing with Achilles, calf, or back pain depending on the shoe.  These shoes are amazingly light and comfortable.  I bought pairs for indoor and outdoor use and dread the thought of their eventual discontinuation.", "I love Nike shoes and this one is very light and match some of my clothes , I recommend this shoes", "Love the style, love its materials made, it came exactly fit, feels good & comfy, running for half an hour & it comforts my feet well.", "Comfy and look great. Very light.", "I walked around in these for a month before I noticed that the right shoe was bigger than the left. Yeah, I kept feeling my foot slipping out as I walked, but I have a high arch, so I thought it was me. Finally, I gave them a good look side-by-side and I couldn't believe it. Even though the right shoe was imprinted with the correct shoe size, it was a full size bigger than the left one. And since it had been a month, it was too late to return them. I'm out $80. So, I'm letting myself look like a fool today to all of you out there so you won't make the same mistake I did. When you get your shoes, look at them carefully and make sure they match.", "awesome shoes for running as well for training its like combination of flexible and thick base .. I highly recommended it for running.", "Shoes are little bit large but that is my mistake,quallity is awesome,when i recived package i was thinking there is nothing inside.I will definitely buy again!", "My gf bought these for me to workout in. They are super comfy and light weight. When she bought them they didn't have my size so I bought a size up. A little big but I knew they would be. I would deff buy again.", "Just got the shoes tonight and love them. Very soft to walk and run on, I like the color too.", "this shoes seems to be wider in the front than the other i tested. it is very comfortable shoes but since its pretty wide in the front the grip is a bit loose and the sole is a bit thin so i feel the street more than previous shoes so if your a runner it might bother you but i like it since i mostly fast-walking. i only use them for 2 month now with total 50 miles but so far so good. i wish they would come with self-cleaning option :)", "I sometimes forget that I'm wearing shoes and I think I'm walking on clouds. Great bounce, very comfortable and very light. Excellent shoe.", "These fit great and are lite as a feather!  The color is exactly as it appears on the pic and great style!", "If you are looking for a versitale pair of shoes for running or training these fit the bill perfectly.", "These are some of the most comfortable sneakers I have bought in a while, being a runner I was worried about the weight from how they look, but are surprisingly light on your feet!!", "I bought these shoes for my son. He said they fit great and are the most lightweight comfortable shoes I ever bought him.", "the shoe is amazing.i love it .light but comfy shoes. iam addicted ti these shoes very good. biu thrb bbnnc", "I normally wear a men's size 9.5 and these fit very well. I also appreciate that the shoe is relatively flat without much of a heel.", "this is a very light weight sneaker . great for the gym or just walking around . the look and feel is everything i wanted in a sneaker .", "These are one of the best pair of shoes I have brought.I have foot problems like Plantar Faacisitis and Mortons tumor and they have never hurt my feet.I wear them to work on long days like 12 hours or so.What a great pair of shoes!! Just LOVE THEM", "I normally wear an 8.5M which is what I ordered.  The fit is like a glove....I don't believe I could wear a  heavy sock with them but since they are a summer color I wear them strictly this season.  They are very light weight.", "They are so light and comfortable. I barely feel like I'm wearing shoes, they are very breathable, and I have gotten so many compliments on them.", "I love these! They are so comfy and they're cute! My mom even got some because they are so cute! I love wearing these to the gym! Just absolutely AMAZING! :D", "I know that we are in August but I don't like to rush on Xmas buys so I heard that my mother in law wanted a new pair of sneakers (she's very active) I said this is my chance.For sure you can find a pair like this @ FootLocker / Finish Line/ Sports Authority for over 100 bucks, but for this one I paid like $70.00 shipped.Color combination looks nicer live rather than the picture.My girlfriend try them and said was a real fit  so hopefully my mother in law will like it.", "People ask were did you get them, real good price, and quick delivery. With the Nike sign on the side who could go wrong.", "THE FIT OF THE SHOE IS WONDERFUL.  THE LIGHTNESS OF THE PRODUCT IS A JOY.  THE ONLY NEGATIVE I HAVE FOUND IN THIS SHOE IS THE CLEANING ASPECT.  IF YOU HAVE ANY TIPS, THEY WOULD BE APPRECIATED AND SHOULD BE PASSED ON WITH THE PRODUCT", "I loved this tennis shoes, they were everything I expected. They are comfortable and I can easily keep them clean.", "Great workout shoe...very comfortable and fits true to size", "It's good, but there are some light stains in front of the shoes. Around the toes area. But overall, it's good.", "Thank you for the product was what I expected had sought this type of footwear as very cute and I found it in you enchanted with!", "I love it!! fit just right. n it's super light. feels good on my feet too!! can't wait to break into it! =]-sv", "My son, who is very picky about what his shoes look like, love these.  They are perfect...they fit my taste in a more traditional looking shoe yet fits my sons taste for a more modern stylish shoe.", "recieved alot of complements", "My brother wanted to have this shoes as a gift, and I wonder why, they dont look really awesome in this picture shown and I was not sure if he was going to be satisifed, however, once in my hands I can say that if they were my size I would keep them, they look even cooler.", "My daughter uses these to travel to and from her soccer games...they work perfectly. Great fit and very comfortable. Thinking of buying a pair for myself.", "I ordered my exact size and they came within the time stated. They fit great and I have been wearing them on a daily basis and they have held up great! I am very happy with them!", "These are wonderful for those who have trouble with straps between your toes.  The sole is made of small cushioning spikes that add to the comfort.", "I bought this slide for two purposes, the slide has more than delivered. I needed a new bath shoe, I got it. I needed a shoe I could keep on beyond the bath, I got it. The best yet, I have not taken them off since their arrival. I sized up from my regular size, as I have MS, my feet tend to swell and I needed the room and comfort the slide offered. I find the shoe to be very comfortable, fitted very well, everyone wants them. Get a pair, you will not be disappointed. I am getting another for back up.", "The only thing that I did not like was the insole. My sons shoes insole were of a different tuxture. but you get what you pay for, other wise they were good", "Hi, i thougth these pair of sandals wouldnt fit on me, cause it seems like they are women size, but no they did ;) and they're amazing and so comfortable. definitely Recommended!!!", "Great design. It looks much better than the pictures. I'ts sturdy and comfortable and goes with everything. A great buy.", "These shoes fit great and are convenient and comfortable.  I was looking for something I could wear with socks on my way to spin class that would be easy to change in and out of.  These fit the bill perfectly.  The only downside for me, and its strictly a matter of personal taste is the swoosh is a bit much - a little to big and bright for me.  If you like that, these are the shoes for you, but next time I'll get the ones without it.", "I love my nike sandals its very comfomtable and i walk all day with them it wont hurt my feet at all !", "I love these shoes they are very comfortable. I got the at super shoes for only $16!! They fit right to my feet an I love them. The only con is that when I walk the slides slip off my feet a little and go pigeon-toed. But they are worth it anyways!", "Just received these the other day. Fit is perfect and very comfortable. I work from home and will wear these around the house all day. I just went back to get a 2nd pair in my size and its not available. Bummer! I will be sad if/when these wear out.", "Loved this sandals! Perfect fit and so comfortable, I wear them all day. Will be buying more pairs in the future.", "Nike always delivers.  Very comfortable to walk around in or take to the beach.  I use it for basically everything.", "Love my nikes. Fits well, comfortable and affordable. I would recommend these to family and friends to wear to and from the golf course. Easy transition if wear a light weight sock also.", "I LOVE THESE SLIPPERS! i have a lot of different ones from not only nike but jordan, aididas, reabok. I LOVE THSE SLIPPERS THE CARBON FIBER LOOK IS SLEAK AND ATTRACTIVE EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE. THEY DEF RUN A SIZE SMALL. BUT I KNEW THAT FROM PAST NIKE SANDALS. OVERALL AMAZING BUY", "I love these shoes, I have 3 pair and they are my go to shoe all the time!!! They fit perfect true to size.", "Pretty good shoes. I wear them at school every day. The thing is I am not sure how long they would last me. They are comfortable and easy to walk around in and don't slide off your feet at all. I highly recommend them if you want a comfortable easy-fit slide (:", "Great sandals I have had these type of sandals for years.  I wear them year round. Wouldn't go without them!", "I bought this for my brother so I went a size up since it was a woman's slipper. The slipper ended up being too big. If you intend to purchase this for a man just use regular sizing.", "Ok but now that I've gotten more serious into running, I wouldn't buy Nike anymore for running, but do ends on the person and how it fits your foot. I like Brooks and Saucony better for me.", "Excellent.  Doesn't get much more comfortable!  Best color combo ever made on the Air max 90.  I want a couple pairs but cannot locate any!!", "I bought this sturdy shoe for an active eight year old.  I really like the thick sole and the style of the shoe is very nice.  Quick delivery.", "I had a pink pair from last year and they are now all worn.  I waited too long in the season to buy another pair, which means I wasn't able to get the color I wanted, but I would definitely buy these shoes again.", "Wife loves them", "My daughter loved the shoe as most kids do love NIKE'S. The shoe is comfortable yet it is an exact fit so if you need a little room go up a size.", "The shoes are very comfortable to wear and you can wear them anywhere.  The3y look cute with anything and the ccolors go with everything.", "awesome sandal, very comfortable. I needed something comfortable for summer, I usually wear nike sneakers, but I wanted something that would keep me a bit cooler in the very hot weather. These are the perfect sandals for me. They are so comfortable and I love all the colors, I would like to get more. very satisfied with the purchase.", "I normally wear size 9 but I had to get these in size 10, other than that I love them.  Very comfortable.", "Love these sandals! Super nice color combination, and super comfy. Anything Nikeis always good, so if you are interested in good comfortable quality sandal, then I highly recommend to buy.", "I owned my last pair of Nike sandals for 11 years and loved them but they wore out!  When I first put on this pair they were not too comfortable but now after only two or three times of wearing them they are great! They seem to mold to my feet, I wear them all of the time!!!", "I am a very consistent size 6.  I can go into a store, pick out a pair of shoes in my size, and buy them without even trying them on.  99.9% of the time they fit.  These were too short.  My heel slightly sticks out of the back.", "I love these sporty looking nike slides!! They are sooo comfy with the cushy center aaaahh!! Shopping and walking all over in these are great!! No more sore feet :) they are like walking on air! Fit true to size and great quality material! Love them!", "I like it", "the strap on this slid rubs on the top of your foot and your foot slips on the foot bed.", "Where's them after her games, she seems like she's truly relieved after she puts them on, like a weight has been lifted off her feet :--)", "I have had Nike Flipflops before but just liked them being Nike,but when i saw these in a store & tried them on. OMG--they were like heaven!! the cushiony feel & memory foam sole are so COMFY!! Id recommend these to anyone. They have a few colors too but i opted for basic black. They didnt have my size in store & not many people carry the womens version of these Nike Flipflops so i knew Amazon would have. & yes---they did. Perfect!!", "its ok. i like the colors, but the fitting is weird, but my foot keeps moving forward. im returning it.", "Its a slide shoe made by nike.  Not much you can say about it.  Its a good fit and its comfortable.", "i have a pair of this sandal, wore it out so got a new one. but this pair i just received came dirty! brown stains on the inside foot area. i tried to clean it, but still stained. this product from this company is highly recommended to avoid ever buying!", "I love this. I use as a home slippers. Next time I will order a big size because the Velcro keeps opening every now and then.", "I wear a size 6 but these are a small fit wish I knew they fit small so I could have ordered them one size larger.", "I have had a pair of these for over 4 years now and love them. I purchased these for my grandaughter.", "Bought these for my daughter and she is beyond delighted. She has told me numerous times how much she loves the color and more importantly - how comfortable they are. They do run small (she needed a full two sizes up!). She normally wears an 8 and opted for a size 10 (she has maybe worn an 8.5 on other shoes - but never anything bigger, so a 10 was a shock!). I wear a size 7 and I would actually be able to wear these! If you are in question on size - make sure to buy bigger!", "Was looking for something for the summer that would be comfortable since I have callous on thebottom of my feet. These are great. I wish there were more colors available. I would buy anotherpair.", "These sandals are super comfortable. I usually wear an 8 or 8.5 but had to go with a 9 I am thinking now I should have maybe even gone with a 10, but regardless, still very comfy and nice style.", "These are incredibly comfortable sandals. However, once they got wet they started emitting a vile odor. I've already tried a product for pet urine to no avail. I'm about to contact Nike. What a shame. Doesn't this company do any quality control? Is there black mold in there? I will probably end up ripping them apart and posting the pictures. What a disappointment!", "They are easy to walk in.  the adjustable top strap makes it easy to fit the foot.  I will definitely buy another pair.", "I bought this shoe to wear after back surgery.  They were broken in quickly, about two days.  They have just the right amount of arch support for me.  They look good too.", "Okay - so my niece had these flip-flops on and I loved, loved them.  She couldn't say enough about how much she liked them.  I know from looking at them in the stores that they are a little expensive but she said it was SO worth the money.I had a hard time finding my size in the stores and decided to look on Amazon.  I couldn't find my size in the color I wanted and settled for a different color which is fine.  They are a little more expensive then what I usually spend on flip-flops.When they arrive (within a week) I put them on immediately.  The gel sole is amazingly comfortable!  I think I heard my feet sigh in relief!  Now the only thing I'm not sure if I like about these flip-flops... the material on the sole is like a nylon.  We have had 5 consecutive days of tempuratures above 90 degrees and if your feet are hot the nylon kinda holds in the moisture and heat.But I really like them and have no regrets spending the extra money.  After all, your feet deserve it!", "I  bought thes slildes for my granddaughter and she loves them.  The size ran a little small, so I ordered the size 7 even thuogh she normally wears a 6.  They are a perfect fit.  The color is a beautiful blue and they are extremely well made and comfortable.", "Its not comfortable the straps feels bulky not as soft as the under amour slippers.", "I purchased my first pair at TJ Maxx a couple of years ago, and have paid full price now online to get additional colors!  These slides have gel at the balls of my feet which is where I have knots that bother me from time to time.  Another feature is that the slides open and close with velcro, so when I get a pedicure, I don't have to slide my foot in and risk messing up my pedicure.  All I do is open the top of the slide, put my foot in, then re-fasten over my foot with the velcro.  If you have narrow or wide feet, the velcro will allow you to adjust the width to your foot.  Genius!", "Love these shoes. I bought them in black last year and was excited to see them in pink this year. I have MS and my legs are very painful and it is hard to walk a lot. These shoes are so comfortable that I find I can do more walking with them on.", "These shoes are so comfortable they exceeded my expectations. I only bought them to match a purple summer dress.  I will be buying more and I am not at all a sandal person. Some sandals allow for blisters, but not these ones.  It's like i'm walking on pillows all day long :)  They are also affordable and well worth every penny spent.  The variety of colors are easy to match up with any outfit too.  Both of my daughters ordered some as well, because they love mine so much.  The addidas sandals have a thicker strap making my feet look wider than they should, however the Nike strap is slender making feet appear even thinner than they are. Overall they're a great buy.", "These are comfy for sure, but I don't care for the quality of the sole. I think Nike could do better.", "i got his for my wife she loves them the only thing she does not like is where the taunge is by the toes the material pushes in on her foot", "I love the cushion sole but they seem to be for &#34;thick&#34; feet upwards (if that makes sense).  I have wide feet but feel like they are way too loose on my feet.  I probably would NOT have purchased them if I had tried them on in a store.", "Im a bit disappointed because I always wear a size & but when I got this one it was a bit too small. Thought it would have stretched a little with wear but my heal still sits on the rim of the sole! Other than that has a nice look jus wished it could have fit me better.", "Nice fit after a few wearings - I'm a solid size 9 and these needed just a little stretching, but that's better than being too loose.  I'm not usually a flip-flop fan, but I find that I'm wearing these everywhere - I even tossed aside my house slippers in favor of these shoes. Comfortable enough for dog walks and days at the park / beach, unlike my old flip-flops that were just a thin layer of rubber. Cute, too.", "I've owned these and love them. They are super comfortable, and I've found them great for walking and very durable. My dog chewed one and so here I am shopping for a new pair. The shopping has been VERY frustrating as the ones marked Prime are only offering one color AND ONE SIZE for Prime. Make any other size selection than 6 and pay $5 shipping. Ridiculous. The listing should not be marked Prime when this is the case. Very frustrating. 5 stars for the product. Too bad I can't rate Amazon on this.", "Words can't describe how comfortable these are!  I'm an ER RN so I know I good shoes when I see them!  I love wearing these on my days off and would be great for a trip to Disney which is where we're heading in a few weeks.  I can't say enough about these, they're great.  This is my second pair and I just bought my daughter a pair who's heading to college this fall.  Perfect shoe for walking all over campus! Just a tip to keep in mind, these run small so I suggest ordering a size larger than you normally wear.  Enjoy!", "Nike has become synonymous with quality footwear.  The thought and designing that went into this product attests to that fact.  First of all, these flip-flops are fantastically comfortable.  The memory foam surface conforms to and supports your foot with unparalleled comfort.  For that, this product deserves 5 stars.  In addition, the soles are durable and slow little sign of wear.  But there's a dark side to these sandals...they don't last.My wife bought a pair of these about 11 months ago and the fabric beneath both of her big toes has already worn through, and the foam is peeling away.  The fabric also wore through along the edges of one of the heels.It's not like she wears these year round...we live in Idaho, so flip-flop weather lasts only half of the year...if you are lucky.  In our experience, if someone were to wear these consistently, they might see unacceptable levels of wear and tear within 6 months.That is simply not acceptable for a sandal that costs $30-40.  I mean, I usually don't spend more than that for shoes!  For that these sandals deserve 1 star.The only course left open in terms of rating this product is give it the average of the pluses and minuses and give it 3 stars.  We wanted to give it 5, but in our experience it just didn't deserve it, because it just didn't last.", "Very good padding which feel really good when you walk a lot. I would recommend for people with sensitive feet.", "I love these flip flops they are so comfy, I love the cushioning. They do run a little small, I usually where an 8 1/2 but I ordered a 9 to make sure they fit. I would recommend them to family & friends", "My daughter has been strongly advised not to wear flipflops due to her knees hyperextending...but she dearly loves flipflops.  These have enough support that she can wear them fairly frequently without pain.  Any other flipflops have no support whatsoever and cause her pain.  Even without hyperextending knees these are probably better for anyone than the 'Old Navy' type flipflops that you can buy at any convenience or discount store.", "I really liked these when I first got them, even though they could be a little wider to fit properly.  I ended up wearing them at the river (it was an unplanned trip), and forgot I was wearing them when I went in the water.  Now they have a nasty smell to them.  So looks like they will be going in the garbage :(  Definitely not an everyday shoe to wear.", "I already had a pair I had bought at a mall.  At his was a better price and a good price for Nike. very comfortable.", "Very cute and comfortable! I wear a 7.5, and bought a 7. They fit just fine, look nice, and you can walk all day in them. Perfect casual wear.", "Cute and fit perfect,", "I did not order these my daughter did and she likes them", "I have bought these sandals the last 2 summers, I just love the fit and the comfort!", "I love these sandals - they are comfortable and fit great - I cant wear the cheap ones as they hurt my feet", "I don't wear sandals, but my wife loves these things and owns 4 or 5 pair. Do yourself a favor and save a little money. While the going price through amazon.com seems to be $28-$37, depending on the seller, I picked up a pair at Dunham's Sports today for $27.41 including sales tax, I didn't have to pay shipping, and the store was only a half mile out of my way after leaving work. Sure you can find awesome deals here, but it pays to shop local sometimes.", "I buy these for my son because they don't make them for boys....he wears a 4 1/2 so I bought a womans 6 and they fit perfectly...and they look boyish..........his friends want some.....", "these fit a bit loose.  I have another pair the same size that I bought at a shoe store, and they fit better.  Not complaining though as they are still very comfortable to wear.", "Everthing we ordered was as expected,only the plants came dryed out only a few of the Cauliflower seeds sprouted to plants. I figured we would only get about half of the plants to go..We more then likely not order again on line.", "Excellent shoe's they are very soft. They run a little small so you will need to purchase one size larger than you normally wear.", "This is my third pair I love these shoes I wear them out so always need a back up pair", "I thought these would be as comfortable as the easy tone sandals. There not, within an hour my feet hurt. Im flat footed and these sandles offer very little support.", "They run a little small so I went up a whole size just to make sure my entire foot was on the shoe and not hanging over. I highly recommend.", "I absolutely love these. They are so comfortable. This will be my fourth pair as I buy one yearly.  This year I am thinking of buying more than one - what if they stop making them?", "I take a UK size 6 but ordered a size 7 but they were too small and unwearable  Unfortunately it would have been too expensive to return them as postage cost more than sandals", "I love these! Nike Comfort Thongs are the most comfortable flip flops I've ever worn. The footbed is very soft and cushiony. They stay on my feet very well and they are comfortable to walk in for a long time. I have two pairs (black straps/black footbed and light blue straps/silver footbed). I bought my regular size and the fit is perfect for me. In the past I haven't felt flip flops were comfortable enough for a lot of walking, but I wore these most of the time during a recent San Francisco and wine country vacation with no problems. I have a fairly high arch so a lot of sandal type shoes don't provide enough arch support for me, but these are sooooo comfortable. It's unusual for me to buy two colors in the same shoe, but I couldn't pass up the great comfort in this style. Thanks, Nike!", "The cushion is very comfortable and they can be worn for long periods of time and my feet still feel great. The only problem is they do run a bit on the small side. I am a size 10 and have been forever and usually there is a bit of space at the front and back of the sandal that my foot does not take up. That is not the case with this sandal. On level ground there is no problem but when going up or down hills my foot tends to slide forward or back and then it overhangs the sandal a bit. I would buy these again but would definitely buy a size larger.", "Have several pairs of these and love them!  Very comfortable and they wear well!  I still have several pairs from last year that are in good shape.", "Shoes fit great. Soft soles and comfortable to walk in.", "Yes, these Nike Flip Flops are awesome.  I've purchased a few different pairs in the past.  However, what I really didn't appreciate from this seller is the fact that I bought it for $47 and it arrives in the box with a prominently displayed $32 price tag on it.  I recognize certain sizes and colors can be in high demand, but still it is the principle of the matter.  No one likes to feel 'had' -- and I bet just about everyone who opens the box feels just like I did!  I returned it and bought a different colored pair for $32 on Zappos.", "I love this thong. I had a pair before, so I knew what to expect. Very comfortable and supports the arch.", "I choose this thong for comfort as well as I needed a new pair for this Summer..I like the color also.", "If you can't wear traditional rubber flip flops because they dry out your feet and contribute to cracked heels then you will love these sandals.", "I really like the product and won't return it... but truly, my foot is at the far end and toes eeking off the sides.  If they had extra wide size, I didn't notice that.  They're comfortable... best I've ever owned, except for the fit thing.  So I suggest, buy a 1/2 size larger-- especially if you have a wide foot.  Narrow or normal feet should be fine but you might want to buy a little larger for length.Note... they don't really fit well... but I'm STILL wearing them!", "This thong is fantastic.  I bought two pairs so that I'll have one when this one wears out years from now.  Cushy sole, very comfortable fit.", "Great shoes", "So comfortable and love the look! I'd like to buy it in every color available! The cushioning makes for a great shoe!", "Considering I suffer from chronic back pain from a car accident I have only worn The Nike Comfort Thongs for the last few years.Due to my pain levels these are the only sandals I own and can make it through my daily life.Luckily Nike is making these sandals in many different colors and have also made the Nike Comfort Slides. But I purchased the black and vivid pink so now I can be comfortable and match my shoes to my outfits. Nike has given us many very comfortable and amazing color combinations so you can always be right on trend for a very affordable price. I've bought 4 different mix and match pairs to keep in style for the summer and I didn't break the bank doing so.I highly reccomend at least giving them a try, I guarantee you'll be happily surprised.", "LOVE these!!! True to size. So much I have them in 5 different colors and they all feel amazing. They have a memory-gel like footbed that accommodates your footies. I wear them everywhere. They machine wash easily, then air dry them. Wear them to the beach,running errands and Ive been caught in the rain and NO problem!!This is a well made sandal. Ive even ran in them though I would not suggest that. Buy them, you'll love them!  ( hot pink/blk are my faves)", "I wear an 8.5 and I usually buy a 9 for extra room. I bought these in a 9 and they were a bit small.  I dont like my flip flops/sandals to be form fitting. I mean, there really wasn't any wiggle room it and I have to shove my foot forward to a point that it was uncomfortable just to make it seem like they fit. I suggest buying 1 size bigger.", "they are a little pricey. i still wear them around when the weather gets hot especially. They give you some support.", "I tried these on at the store and then bought these from Amazon. The price was higher than sales in the stores but the stores only carry black and hot pink. But this way I knew that they run small. I've never worn flip-flops so I'm still getting used to the thing between the toes and the loose feeling overall but they are just the most comfortable shoes. I was wearing Birkenstock type sandals and they are great but the hard surface was giving me rough spots and callouses. I wanted something that would be pleasing to walk on. This is it! It's like memory foam. I love wearing them in the house as slippers. I wish every shoe had this material as the base. These are a great neutral color with just a touch of the salmon color showing. Really nice.", "I absolutely love Nike sandals! The memory foam is so comfy! Best fit of any sandal I have ever tried on.", "I loved these sandals! But they were too small and when returning them, there was no option to select a bigger size. You have to completely start over. Search for them again and hope they have the size you need. Unfortunately, they only had sizes that were even smaller and larger. Not the size I needed.", "Shoe is literally 2 sizes to small I wear a 9 so I ordered a 9, fits like a 7. Ended up buying a size 11 from a shoe store. When ordering go 2 sizes up. Also no return shipping label?! Very disappointing. Regardless with the correct size they are very comfy.", "Excellent fit.  The soft gel cushion provides comfort all day long. Great product from nike. This is my first pair but will not be the last.", "I love Nike thongs.  I had purchased a pair 2 years ago and have enjoyed them so much , I bought another pair for fear they would be discontinued, guess that speaks for how much I have enjoyed them  MS", "These are a must have for the summer wardrobe!! They are cushy comfortable and flashy......Love 'em! The Nike still follows the &#34;runs a smidge small&#34; so get a size larger than you normally wear.", "She's only had them a few weeks, so it will be interesting to see how well $50 flip flops hold up.  I'll post again after they get a good workout.  :-)", "I ordered the khaki colored pair a few weeks ago and have worn them every opportunity possible (even to church), very cute and sporty looking and extremely comfy!!! Run small so make sure you order a size up- i'm returning the first pair i ordered right now", "Just a tiny bit small but no half sizes and the next size up was too big BUT, extremely comfortable with great cushioning... Bought a pair for my mother who loves them", "Just finishing up my second summer with my first pair of these and I may need to replace them because they're starting to wear out; however, they're the best flip flops I've had.  I have flat feet and am a triathlete.  When I run, my feet are always very sore... these are very soothing.  Even better than bare feet because the padding inside sort of babies my arches.  The fabric under the big toes is starting to tear away now, but to be fair... I wear them almost EXCLUSIVELY, when I'm not wearing my running or cycling shoes (or barefoot).  Many times, I'm wearing them with wet feet because I swim a lot too, and I think that causes my toes to pull on the fabric a bit more and has weakened it (again - after two full summers).  Definitely worth the $30.I'm not a huge fan of Nike running shoes, but their flip flops and apparel are definitely among my favorites.", "I bought 3 pair in pink, teal and black two summers ago and I am still wearing these with just as much comfort as the day they were brand new! The memory foam never fails, and I am a plus size woman..so that means a lot! I have wore these for hours at a time on trips, shopping, state fairs, you name it and they are comfortable the entire time. I hope NIKE never alters the style or comfort or stops selling these.", "These nike flip flops are so comfortable on the feet and they never give u any pain..I bought 4 pairs In different colors  so that should tell you something a must have and a must buy 5 stars!!!!", "Good looking sandal and very comfortable. I normally wear 8 1/2 in slippers and the 9's fit well. Good buy. Highly recommended.", "I got these today for me and my daughter at models. They do not come in kids sizes, but a 6 fit her regular 3.5 size just fine (maybe a tiny bit big). She loves them as we'll as I. They are so cozy and well worth $30.00!!!!!!! The first five minutes of walking to my car felt weird because you feel as if you are ruining the memory foam itself while walking, but it is the tough rubber bottom that will getting worn out. Overall I would recommend because they feel so nice and support my feet greatly", "I have owned several pair of these shoes.  I have hard wood floors and I wear them as bedroom slippers.  They are comfortable and soft on your feet.  However, after a while the cushion goes flat.  But nothing lasts forever.I have discovered that when they get wet, they have a terrible gym sock smell.  I put them in the washing machine but the smell didn't go away.  The smell is so strong that you can smell it from anywhere in the room where the shoes are.When I originally bought these shoes the price was reasonable, I didn't notice a smell and they didn't seem to go flat as fast.  Then I guess supply and demand kicked in.  I am probably not going to buy any more since the price has more than doubled and the quality has slipped. Don't get me wrong like any other love affair, they were great for a while but then went flat and smelly.", "I love the sporty look and comfortable feel of these flip flops. A+ from this teacher. Have a nice day!", "the flip flop is very comfortable.  the sole feels lovely, but while walking the sole has too much slip.  I can't stand walking in these flip flops. the sole of the flip flop is made of some kind of fabric that is just too smooth for a flip flop.", "The shoe runs just a bit small but is expected if you have purchased Nike in the past.  The color is cute and the shoe is very comfortable.  the only con is the light color shows dirt/grime easily.", "These are the best sandals I have ever had! They are amazingly comfortable because of the cushioned footbed. And they look great!", "I love the color of these and how well they feel on my feet, will buy them again when I need more", "I bought these shoes after a friend of mine had them on and loved them.  I read the other reviews and bought a size larger than I normally do and they fit great!  The gel makes them especially comfy and haven't had any issues with them at all.", "I chose to buy these shoes through Amazon, because there were more color selections than the stores I've tried.  I got the pink and fluorescent yellow.  They fit great and are unbelievably comfortable.  I wear them everywhere.  I had a pair prior to these that literally lasted 5 years.  So they are d durable and cute.  You may be able to find them slightly cheaper in stores, but fir the convenience of having them delivered to my door a the color selection, this was worth it to me.", "I love these sandals. These are my second pair. My foot is wide and these fit perfect.  I would recommend.", "I should have exchanged them but too lazy.  They fit a tad small but a size up would have been too big.  They were just so cool in color that I didn't want to give them up.  This is my second pair.  They are so comfortable.  Small rocks get stuck in the soles but they are easily removed by bending the shoe.", "Durable and comfortable. True to size. I use mine in the house and can't wait to come home to put them on.", "I would definitely recommend these shoes for everyone. I went to the mall and tested out the shoes and once I got done shopping, my feet were not hurting like they normally would.I am so thankful for the speedy shipping. I was supposed to receive my shoes on the 15th, but I got them on the 10th. Once these sandals wear out I will definitely repurchase another pair!", "I love these thongs I just wish they were a little more narrow. I have that problem with most shoes though.", "I purchased a pair of these comfortable sandals over 2 years ago, and was in need of a new pair.  They are wonderfully comfortable!", "These thongs had an extra layer of foam lining around the arch and heel that made them very comfortable, especially if you had occasion to wear them for long periods of time. Usually thongs are by nature, very flat without too much cushioning but these NIKE thongs were more than adequate with the extra foam lining.", "I like the shoes. They run small and the shipping would have cost me more than the shoes to return them. I forgot Nike tends to run small. Just a note for future customers.", "I love my Nike sandals! They are super comfortable. Best purchase ever!!", "There great.  Actually this is my second pair of these.  I wore the others out (took almost two years).  These did give me a blister but I bent the strap so I don't think that will happen again.  They are incredibility comfortable.", "Was what we hoped for", "I always wear this style of sneaker. It is fantastic to avoid back pain if you stand alot. I can't wear women's shox because the toes always pinch so these are perfect!", "My son couldn't wait to wear them. Perfect in sizing, comfort & price.  He is the BIG MAN ON CAMPUS NOW(elementary school)!  LOL", "Love the wide toe bed in these shoes.  Very comfortable, even with special inserts in them! I love that they are lightweight as well.", "I give for stars for the shoes ,The shoes was as in the photo ,it looks very nice and comfort .The delivery was very fast but the price was for 2 pair of shoes but they delivered only one pair shoes because the other one  doesn't have same size as i order. So i paid for two but i received one .", "I think the fit is pretty close to what I expected, maybe a TAD larger. It's a nice roomy shoe. I usually wear a 9, maybe a 9.5 depending upon the brand. These are really comfortable, and the colors look great.", "Fit perfect I'm satisfied", "This shoe is Very comfortable and true to size. It took a little long to get them but would order again.", "Material felt cheap and they had no sort for running.  I run 3to4 miles at a time about 4 times a week.  This site was not going to be enough support", "I think I have to just go get my feet looked at in a running store. These are very comfortable but the toe box runs very wide. It does help with the spread and the impact control is all there but I have narrow feet and have blistered more with these than previous Nike styles. I've done maybe 30 miles on these and they are holding up really well, no stiff knees or anything. I'm a size 10/10.5 but with narrow feet. I've got a relatively neutral gait.They are a tad stiff for cross training purposes but very comfortable on longer runs. I'd go with a more minimalist shoe for future boot camp style workouts and use these primarily for running.", "Love these sneakers. Kind of pricey, but worth it. Very comfortable taking into consideration that I have very wide feet. Very flashy looking, love the old school Nike crack print. Great buy!", "Very nice sport watch. Attractive, substantial, and functional. The wife loves this little jewel. Only con is hourly beeper is not very loud.", "Item came as described...no complaints. Initially the laps and data are a little confusing but it doesn't take long to figure out.", "This is a good watch and it fits well with lots of holes for adjustment. My wrists are quite small and often watches do not go tight enough. The yellow is brighter, more gold than in the photo but other than that, I've been happy with it thus far.", "I thought it was so cool to find Nike running shoes on Amazon but became very disappointed as the black parts on the sole of the shoe began to come off. I've never had such a lousy product from a store selling Nike shoes.", "I bought these to replace the sketchers shape-ups I have been wearing to work.  I work 12 hour shifts at a hospital.  Good shoes are a must.  So far these are very comfortable.  They came packaged and on time as promised.  I go through a pair of tennis shoes just about every six months.  If these make it to three months and are still comfortable I will order another pair just like them!", "This shoe size is very suitable for my son, he was wearing jogging, and to show his friends, very good. For NIKE shoes are very suitable.", "i like my shoes...", "love the shoes.  they arrived in the exact condition as promised.  and lightening fast delivery!  thanks!", "The material doesn't feel like leather as advsertised, they seem cheap. I should have gone for the more expensive shoes. However does hold the Nike Plus tracker very comfortable, i just don't like the quality of the outer material", "Very comfortable and soft shoes, they are really made for walking long distances... I have nothing to complain about them, they are just perfect and they fit appropiately.", "I ordered a pair of Nike air Swingman baseball cleats for men.It is hard to find a size 16 wide but the task was easily handled on Amazon.com.The Nike cleats arrived in 3 days ahead of schedule.They were as advertised. The cleats were very comfortable and easy to break in.They offer great traction and support without that bulky feeling.The  Nike cleat design and color makes them very popular amongst players.It is the only name brand I know of, that runs true to size.I would highly recommend Nike Cleats purchased through Amazon.comIt was a very smooth and effortless transaction.R.", "This sports bra is great. Nike makes good quality products. The only thing is that I thought it would be like the last zipper front bra from Nike that also has adjustable straps on the back for increased support for those of us ladies with a lot going on up in front! All in all, a good product. Would buy if I were you, or try to find the one I'm talking about. ;) :P", "The fabric is very stretchy, so if you do anything more than, say, walking, the fabric gives and it's like you're not wearing anything at all. I've seen reviewers say it's great for recovery from surgery or lounging on the weekend, but if you need support for high-impact activities, this isn't it. Also, the zipper is difficult to work and chaffed my skin, even when I wore it around the house.", "I bought these shoes because my old golf shoes were falling apart and these are great. It makes me wonder why I waited so long to get new ones. These shoes were so comfortable that I would want to wear them around all day when I wasn't golfing. The downfall to the product is the full retail price but since I got them here for about half price I feel I that I didn't over pay.", "I walk 12 miles every day due to job requirements.  I tried another brand of shoe recently and within 4 days the shoes were breaking down.  So I came back to this shoe because it holds up to the most demanding walking.  They are also very comfortable.  They are light enough that you are not exhausted at the end of the day.  The biggest fault with these shoes is that they tend to squeak.  I walk outside most of the time so the noise is not a big deal with me, but if you are inside, the squeaking could become annoying.", "Perfect fit and great price from rock Bottom golf. Surprisingly their prices are way lower than the current market price.The glasses have a perfect fit, great coverage and are super light.Hopefully they last long. My first running pair!", "Excellent sun/sport glasses. Nice value for money. Includent another couple of nice lences.", "I bought these shoes in size 8 six months ago and have been using them mainly for walking and occasional sprints on gravel. I usually wear size 7 flip flops and found the fit to be alright with thin sports socks. If I could choose again I would have gone with size 8.5 because the tip of the shoes are narrow while my feet are a bit broad.The shoe feels solid and I think it is much better as a walking shoe than a running or sprinting shoe. This is because of its solid construct and inflexibility. A website says it weighs 6oz but it somehow feels heavier than the Nike Zoom Waffle Racer V men's shoes (7.5oz based on size 9) that I just bought.The soles of the shoe are made up of little squares which wore out quickly and which provide insufficient grip on wet surfaces. I do not need to be as cautious sprinting on dry gravel as I am on wet gravel. But on dry gravel I can still feel the lack of traction. When it is raining or has rained I do not dare to go hard on sprints and cannot go hard anyway because I can feel the shoes slipping instead of gripping.I do not jog or do endurance running in these shoes and they seem to have worn out pretty quickly. These shoes seem to be built more for casual use than running or walking. I would not buy them again.", "I bought these shoes 3 years ago and have worn them almost everyday since purchase. Still got em! They were a little pricey to me but after 3 years of major use and they are still together and looking decent I must say it was quite worth it. Great product", "The shoe fit perfect. Looks great with jeans and or shorts. Will take a little breaking in but thats expected with every new shoe. I would recommend this to a friend.", "fits a little tight when u get them. but fills out after some wear. I love the mesh and color.", "Amazon offered a great deal.  Would not run in any other shoe.  Have owned a number of Nike's over the years and presently on my fifth pair of Shox.", "Loved the shoe and the fit. The price was pretty good as well. I couldn't find this shoe in the store at the time so it was nice to have the option", "I really like the shoes and plan to order again but a different color or maybe a different pair of shoes.", "I ordered a half size big on accident and tried to change it and customer service was great but the shoes had an shipped but glad I couldn't change it because my boyfriend usually wears 9 1\\2  these were a 10 and fit snug. We had to buy thin socks but now they are broken in and the 10 fits great with regular socks. Would definitely order again.", "Everything was great", "I have narrow feet already but these are particularly snug. Bought these and another pair of Shox at the same time and they fit completely differently. I am a 10.5 but wished I had ordered these as an 11. I would recommend a stretcher or ordering a half size up for more room around your toes.", "THESE ARE A KICK @SS PAIR OF SNEAKERS BUT THE SOLES WEAR OUT IN NO TIME KINDA STINKS BECAUSE OF THE COST OF THE SHOE", "I've always liked Nike and this is another great shoe. It is very comfortable and something I like to walk around the city in.", "I didn't have any problems ordering and receiving this shoes but when I tried it on I felt it heavier than expected.", "Fit and quality is just as I expected.  These are the only Nike products I consistently  purchase.  This style of their shoes and I like their watches also.  Both Awesome products.", "Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do SulI love products of nike, comfortable shoes, even with the price a little high, it is simply and beautiful, no extravagant colors that is normally nike, European style. do not think twice buy it", "Extremely comfortable, these sneakers feel like you are wearing a glove on your foot. They allow your feet to breathe and are extremely stylish.", "These shoes are over priced but comfy.", "not the same nike", "Very nice design, perfect fit and really confortable to play with. I will definitely recomend this shoes to anyone who plays indoor football on regular bases", "Well the item is really comfortably nice material. I'm normally an 8 1/2 but i ordered a 9 and it feels great! Well in my opinion it does cause I dislike my indoors tight..", "The shoe is perfect for soccer practice and the colors are amazing, I am satisfied with the purchase. thank you very much", "I have wide feet and these are so comfortable and light. I run and weight train in them and have never had any mishaps. I used to be pretty biased with running shoes (Aasics only) but these are half the weight and make my workouts easier. I wish they made them in many more colors!!!", "I bought them because the design looks great, even tho i dont like so much the flashy color but the design convinced me.Inmediately I used them to play basketball and by the end of the games I realized that the side of my big toe is hurt. Other than that the shoe really looks awesome.", "Ran much larger than I thought, too far away to return and played in them once", "Poor traction on the gym floor.", "Comfortable, feels like air. These are great to drive stick shift in, but not for hiking. I say that because when going off road, one can feel every rock on their heels.", "Lightweight, comfortable and nice-looking.  Did not need to be broken in at all.  The shoes are used at the gym/fitness center.", "I have always been a person who appreciated good,quality shoes that performed at the price paid for them. Nike has seldom let me down over the years. Starting with the Air Jordans I have been consistingly pleased with the comfort, style, and performance of the Nike brand. At times I have been questioned by friends and family as to why I would pay more when I could get some other name brand, that had as much eye appeal as the nike, cheaper. The simple answer is that they are worth the difference. My latest 2 purchases have been the Air Maxes, the black leather, with green stripe, last year, and the black 2012 version. I don't buy them just for running but for casual wear also. For looks and performance they can not be matched. For the mall, or for the workout, I am rewarded by a shoe that meets and exceeds my highest expectations. Splurge, reward yourself, with  a shoe that loves your feet and will be with you for a long time.......  Happy Toe Nails", "-----The Good Stuff------great ventilation and cushioning-lightweight impact protection-really versatile shoe, can wear with almost anything-offers breathability-full mesh upper and phylon midsole-has a cushioned collar for protection around ankle-rubber waffle outsole for traction-lots of cool-----The Not So Good Stuff------they run just a little bit big with the size-----Other Comments------these shoes are really stylish-one of the most comfortable nike shoes I have worn", "in love with the model.... max '97...i really love the lines...started with the silver and never got the same kinda feeling...but i like this shoes anyways.... they are confy even if feel a  lil bulky compared to the others....", "All items met my expectations. Love them all.", "I bought these for my boyfriend about 2years ago, I know im kind of late writing of review, but better late them never! Lets just say he loved them! they still look immacualte! I have yet to see anyone else with them on, Fit true to size, and the shipper was really quick!", "Looking to purchase more for my dad and brothers. Very comfortable, perfect fit, Legit pair, great customer service. Received promptly.", "They don't know how keep the customers. I was going to buy this sneakers for my husband for his Birthday too, the same of the other two customers; but I ask them if can they give me this for other price I saw one week before and they said Not straight, and I bough them by eBay more cheaper than this seller. My husband love this sneakers, they are awesome.", "I have found that I can get away with cheap sneakers when walking through central park but when I am walking on pavement,  my feet really get sore withouth good quality sneakers.  I found these to be very comfortable and I can walk longer without hating it.  My feet are now the last thing that wants to quit when I power walk.", "as the heading says.... SUPER COMFORTas the heading says.... SUPER COMFORT definitely the most comfortable I have worn.  Replaced all of my Name brand Boxer briefs", "Excellent golf shoes, have worn them a few times now and they are just so comfortable. Just a great pair of  Nike Golf Shoes!!  Delivery was super fast, took less than a week to get to Australia.", "Good quality. Nothing special, but they dry fast and are comfortable. Would purchase more. Long enough for a tall man or woman.", "excellent recommend them, good quality article, I recommend it. I look forward to making future purchases. excellent recommend them. good.", "Would recommend to anyone looking for loose fitting, quick drying, longer shorts. I wear them fishing, running, biking, jogging, etc...I went out and bought another pair a week later. I have some under armour shorts in the same size and style and these are a little bit thicker but also a little more reinforced in the waist line, as well as loose. The UA shorts fit just fine, you can just tell the elastic is stretched a bit thinner. I got fish blood on these a couple weeks ago and was afraid they were ruined, everything washed out and they turned out fine. Probably my favorite shorts.", "These are the best shorts I've ever had except for some golf shorts I've had for several years so buy them!", "Very nice and attractive outfit and Nike quality which is excellent. It's quite comfortable and can be used in multiple workouts.", "These were great shorts, but the price was too high.  I needed them to match team uniforms and they are great, but they were over priced.", "Had no tracking system so I didn't really have an accurate time of when the package would be sent. But still arrived in a week. I thought the shorts would have holes. but still is very light and fitting. It keeps you cool through the summer heat.", "Perfect fit.", "I ordered a size L, and got the size XL! Do not pay attention to what were getting into. It is possible to return, but due to lack of time I have to wear shorts too big and feel bad ...", "I ordered these shorts in black, but they arrived in dark graphite with a royal blue stripe and swoosh. Also, I didn't realize when ordering that they were coming from the UK, so sending them back was not cost effective. It took only about 12 days to receive them unlike the month or more that was estimated. Five stars for the shorts themselves - very soft, comfortable, and great quality.", "Comfortable and fits well.  Good for workouts or for casual wear.  Will probably buy more in the future in different colors", "These Nike Dri Fit shorts are amazing!! Light weight and very comfortable.  They look good and feel good for lounging and also athletics.", "I collect Nike air max and try are ussually comfortable however for some reason after a few hours they hurt my feet.", "My daughter loves these shoes!  They have held up well thru weeks of 3 times per week practices and games!  Still going strong!", "This an awesome bag, great space and cool design, and the price its amazing only 40 dollars. BUY IT I LOVE NIKE!!!!!!!!", "It i great for gym lockers, right size. Very convinient the size pocket for the wet swiming suit and dirty soccer shoes. very usefull.", "I like this bag alot. i like using it every time I go for a game in a weekend and even on a out of town gig. the quality of the bag is magnificent up to now does not have any breaks or cuts.", "I bought these bags for my 3 13-year old nephews.  They use it to take sports clothes to school.  It is a great size - not too big.  It has held up well, too.", "I bought these shoes for my wife and she absolutly loved them. She used the Nike Ipod app with this shoe too. No significant wear but she has done over 200 miles of running in them and they were way overdue to be replaced.", "I got both this one and the 600P model. They look the same, same design, but the 300P is really huge! It couldn't stay fit in my face, they always fell down. I had to gave them away since I ordered them overseas (international) paying taxes and courier services, so it was expensive to return (I guess they charge a lot both for the price and for the handling of the item, around the 50% of $).I order the 600P, and using it ok, just noticed that the glasses are cracking down from the upper part close to rim. Maybe it has been to often exposure to the caribbean sun, or a few times I left it inside the car in the front part during noon time. It was unexpected to me since I have it for just about two months, and such a pricey and recognized brand sunglasses shouldn't be start breaking up that fast.", "Nice lightweight running shoe good for the gym.  A bit tight on the big toe on each foot.  Its my second pair of these and first pair is quite comfortable now that my toe pokes out of the tip...", "I bought this Nike for my twelve year old cousin new school term and he just loves it. Due to the boot look of this Nike you may think it is heavy but it is not and it has lots of support for your feet inside the shoe. My twelve year old cousin said that it feels like a cushion of air under his feet.As this is for the new school term starting in September he has not really worn it but he tries it on every so often and then takes it off and putts it back in his closet.So buy with confidence. I will post an update after a few months of wear and tear.", "Im always a bit skeptic about buying shoes online as the size of every companies varies, I have failed and shopping for shoes online for quite some time now but in this case it was a winner, it fit well and is extremely comfortable,.", "we bought these for our 12 year-old son and he loves them. They fit true to size and the colors are as they appear in the photo.", "Bought it for my 13 year old son to wear on sport day at school. They are very fussy about leather shoes. Only problem - I couldn't tell from the photo that the front is fabric, not leather. I also can't keep that bit very clean, despite washing them. However, my son loves them and says they are very comfortable. Also,quite narrow in the front - Ok for us but might be an issue if your child has a broad foot", "These shoes fit well, hold your foot perfectly for easy walking.  These are the third (different) pair I got my husband.  He hated the other two.  Loves these...even retired the old, older pair.  WOW, that really says something.  Made well, lighter weight, excellent fit.  For not trying on a pair of shoes, we did good!", "Good pair of shoes", "I love this shoes, Nike did it again, perfect fit, nice colors and perfect balance.And this is actually a must buy if you love to run or simply walk in a different style.", "i love these, i bought the same model in 2011 and they lasted forever. these new ones run smaller than i expected, so go 1/2 size up if this is your first time with this shoe. love the colors, the fit is great, excellent comfort and striking details. LOVE LOVE LOVE. arrived very quickly and great price.", "What I expected", "I bought these shoes for regular use they are comfortable after being worn in a little. I would suggest these shoes to any 1", "Shoes ran perfect sizing. Since 12.5 is a hard size to find, I don't care what the color is because I don't work out to make a fashion statement.", "I've worn Shox for years. Love them ,they are my favorite running shoes.once they break in after 30 40 miles of running they feel like pillows! For your feet that is.", "These shoes are very comfortable, provide tremendous grip, and plenty of style.  The materials used feel very high quality and the shoe has no obvious point of wear even after 2 years.  There were some very small tears in the very outer layer of the &#34;suede&#34;  material but it's purely aesthetic damage and to be expected after so long. The plastic piece on the lace is very convenient ;I haven't tied my shoes for at least a year now and there isn't much of an issue. Overall I'm thrilled with the looks, the quality, and the performance of the shoes grip.  They will last as long as two pairs of another shoe", "Looks great with short or long jeans, I get many compliments on their appearance.  A welcomed addition to my wardrobe.  I don't play sports anymore, so these will last a long time.", "These shoes are fine for walking or going to the gym, but I don't recommend them for running, especially if you have high arches.", "Love these shoes, they are very comfy and I got remarks about them all the time! I love the color and the fit pretty close to size.", "The company's product came without any blemishes, etc.  The shoes were in excellent condition.  They arrived earlier than the perceived date!  I will definitely order from them again.", "They could've been cheaper....i got them for max price....all of my friends who have similar ones said they get them for about 40% less....all in all they are pretty nice in looks but still..too much especially after what my friends told me..its not worth buying them because you can get them much cheaper elsewhere.", "I bought these thinking they'd be great because i am a striker, and well they're overall pretty good other than that they have absolutely not arch support. Also they come with pointed metal replaceable cleats so try to find different recplaceables. Other than that i have no complaints.", "Bought these for my son and he loves his Kobe's!  We went to a Laker game and he wore them, he got looks at his feet :)", "I wear these for slippers.  They are very comfortable and make my feet feel great.My wife has a pair too.  We have bought this type of \"slipper\" from a number of companies but these are the best we have found.", "These are so soft, I forget to take them off when I get into the house. If these ever wear out, I'll look for the exact same sandles to replace them.", "I don't too excited over most things, especially shoes.Really, I have never had any shoe (or sandal) feel more natural and comfortable as wellas look pretty cool.  The best part is, I won't need to buy another pair for a while since they are so durable/Highly recommend a really fine product.", "higher arch requires a larger size to slip on easily.", "LOVE THESE, THEYRE MY FAVORITE KICKS BUT IM STUPID TO PAY THAT MUCH MONEY FOR ANY SNEAKER!!! I WISH THEY CAME BACK OUT AGAIN", "Air Jordan 11 Retro Sneaker's White Black Dark Concord 378037 107 (8.5) excellent 100 x 100 percent recommended and responsible", "I love it and i  very surprice of getting the best product with all original package as mention i will like to get more from this seller , he is into his customer satisfaction", "Seen pics of these and just had to have them. The colors are just slick to me and I just dig them! The quality was just great and they are for sure a head turner. The jordan 11s unit makes the shoe extremely comfortable. Also one of the most stylish shoes out there! If you are looking for mens size try coolshoeshines.com. I got mine there for a good price, but if you are looking for the kid size, stick to amazon. These are going for a great price and I am sure they will be valuable in the near future! Which should be a great investment. Overall, Great shoes, 5 stars +.", "I bought the Nike Air Jordan Men's 100% Authentic DS NIB 11/XI Retro &#34;Space Jam&#34; 2009 for my son.  he loves them.  They are authentic and exactly what we expected.", "Today we learned that the pair of Air Jordan 11s that we bought last year were not authentic. A well-regarded expert on collectible sneakers had a very close look at them as well as the box that they came in and determined that they are not real. I bought these on behalf of my son with his money. I tried to caution him from buying from an unknown seller, but he wanted them so bad that he didn't want to believe that anyone would do that.", "This company attempted to sell me counterfeit Air Jordan 11 Concords.  Here are some of the issues with these shoes.1).  The box says Air Jordan 11 White,Black, and Purple... Not Concord as the original2) The inner lining of the box was not plastic as the real Concords are3)  The carbon fiber was checkered not Black4).  The Jordan emblem was not in the 3rd Loop of the tongue5).  The back of the shoe did not come to a point and the middle stitch did not line up6).  The laces were not completely perforated7)  The jordan hologram on the bottom was missing his head8)  The inside stitching was wrong9).  There was no gap between the 2and 3 on the heel.This company should not be allowed to sell on amazon again.  I am glad I had an authentic pair of concords to compare these counterfeit shoes against.  Beware of these Scam artists", "I love Jordan's and these were an awesome addition to my collection.", "My favorite is the Jordan 11's and I can't believe the price!  Thanks for the warning that there are many fakes.  I always wanted the white with black patent leather.  Unfortunately and fortunately, at least I have a retro solid grey Jordan 11 in my size (10).  I wore it and didn't think much of it because it wasn't the white and black ones.  Due to the cost, I don't need the black and white 11's.  My grey shoes has a little bit of white at the bottom, below the patent leather.  The grey is nice after all, and I will now cherish them even more!", "Just started getting back into running, and the Nike Free's were perfect. I go on 10-milers every Saturday and have yet to feel shin splints and the like. These are perfect if you are starting to run again.", "Very good, estos shoes son excelentes para jugar el softball, buena calidad de materiales y comodos para este gran deporte, llegaron en excelente estado", "I can't believe I found these.  Everyone knows how hit or miss sneakers can be.  Do not be fooled, these are far more then baseball shoes.  There isn't anything these sneakers can't do.  Cross training, running, lifting, playing any sport or relaxing I've never found a more versatile sneaker. I just hope Nike continues to make them.  There are more reviews on the Nike page if you're interested.", "A bit narrower in the toe than expected and a bit less support, but still comfortable and as sleek looking as I anticipated!!", "As expected", "Super light and the sock like ankle is great!", "Great fit! I bought them in all black to wear to my new job and my feet feel great even on long shifts!", "I truly like the shoes, however, next time I'd order a half size up.  They're not really true to size.  I wear a 5 1/2 in every shoe and they are a bit tight on my right foot.", "I have been wearing Nike Frees for quite some time, but this was my first time to purchase this model. The toe box is much narrower in this model compared to the others- I have narrow feet, and it's even somewhat uncomfortable for me. The tongue is also disproportionately long. I liked the 3.0 much better.", "I've gone through a lot of shoes looking for something that's good for zumba, piloxing, boot camp and various other exercises.  I think I've finally found the winner.  These shoes provide support but are light enough as to not get in the way during dancing or jumping moves.  Plus they are really cute.  I wear an 8 in dress shoes, sometimes an 8.5, but I always buy a 9 in athletic shoes so that I have enough room.  I got a 9 in these and they feel great.", "Fit just right. Feels good", "fits 1/2size large. toe box roomy and rest of shoe narrow. this is all good for me if your toes get squished by some shoes- you will like it too.", "Love these shoes, had to order in black for my job. I have seen all the other patterns and want them. Will order MORE!", "Based on multiple reviews, I went a 1/2 size up. They were just about a half size too big. Returned with free shipping and no hassle, so at least there is that.", "I really like how the shoes look, but the support is awful. After only two days of use I started to develop foot pain along the sides of my feet. My exercise routine didn't change, so the only thing that I can think of is its the lack of support in the shoe.", "I loved all the color options and that they're very light weight shoes, but they are definitely narrow.  I don't have super wide feet, but I'm far from considering my feet narrow, so width-wise, they're a tad snug.  If I wasn't so lazy, I'd probably return them and go with a different shoe, plus, I like the look of these, so I'll keep them.", "These sneakers are lightweight, comfortable and look great.I've already gotten lots of compliments from everyone including my husband.I'm usually hesitant to buy shoes online because of the size variation among brands, but I didn't have any issues with these. I normally wear a 7.5 and that's what I bought. It fit perfectly!I've already walked a lot in them and have nothing to complain about. They are not running shoes, and don't have as much support so I would look for other options if that is what you need. However, if you want comfortable shoes that you can wear on a daily basis to walk around the city or work out or whatever and that are discrete and not too bulky, then these would be a perfect choice!", "Love the color but not true to size and it's uncomfortable. I ordered another pair of this in different color which is half a size bigger - it fits me well when I first got it but after few months of using it, it started expanding so now it is too loose and uncomfortable.", "Great workout shoes", "I have purchased Nike Free sneakers before and never had a problem.  These sneakers, however, are very tight and narrow.", "I bought these in advance of needing them and since I have the former version expected the same -- they are not.  Hopefully, with time they will grow on me.", "the laser crimson color is WOW amazing. order in size heels you would wear to be comfortable. they fit as expected and look really good on the foot. new shoes are good motivators.", "I love these shoes!! I bought them specifically for a heart rate interval training class that has a mix of treadmill, rowing, TRX bands, weights, etc. I needed a shoe that would transfer to all types of exercise and be comfortable and these are absolutely perfect! My feet and knees have never been happier!", "the most comfiest sport shoe i own. The quality and shipping was A+++ i live in NZ and got it in a week!", "I always order a half size bigger in Nike shoes, but its also consistent.  These are good, unstructured shoes that allow the feet to work like they're designed to work.  I use these for Jazzercise and they feel pretty good.", "compared to nikes other shoes I think these are pretty uncomfortable. The arch of my foot hurts when I run in these, and the tag is bothersome. I like the 4.0 free run shoes much much better!", "I did not receive all of the components of the Sportsband - so I had to reach out to the seller to get the clip - I still have not received the clip yet - a little frustrating", "Since getting the Nike + SportBand I've worn it on every one of my runs. After calibration it's been reliably accurate, and provides me with all the feedback I need. I love how simple the interface on the band is (only two buttons! one for starting/pausing/stopping the run, one for cycling through the feedback statistics) and I've been loving knowing just how far and fast I'm running.", "Great idea.  Only one problem viz.Nike+ Sport Bandit doesn't work.  Golfing friend had identical problem.  We both returned them.", "I purchased this headband under the assumption that is would be nice material and wick sweat away. You are better off buying a cheaper alternative. Do not waste your money.", "This is a great bandana! they always look great and don't ravel, or fade quickly.I have some of these bandanas that I have been wearing around for years, and they still look great. they are a little faded, but not to the point where you can really tell unless you are wearing a solid black shirt.", "not the shoe I ordered. I ordered the high top shoes and got the low top ones in the mail. Although I do love the low top, I wasn't expecting it but other than that great product.", "Great comfortable sandals. A little bigger fit than I expected though.", "Not quite as good as the original Vomero, but a lot better than the current Vomero. ..Each year they make shoes a little cheaper and less supportive", "I always hated running and riding the bike in the gym until now. Great support, no movement inside the shoe, and just overall amazing difference from a regular running shoe.", "This product came exactly as shown on Amazon, the delivery time was second to none (delivered before the expected delivery date, even though I chose the regular delivery option).About the product itself, it a very good looking, high quality product with class. I highly recommend it for people with high taste that needs a touch of class in there dressing.", "I love this nike, I got a pair of this long time ago and I wish I could buy them again, they're cool, comfortable and fit as expected, I'd love to get a pair again, maybe two of them, there isn't my size however, my luck could change, who knows!", "just bought this sneakers last week from amazon and it was delivered on time and packaging was good. i love the flightposites! it elevates your status and no doubt its still one of the coolest looking sneaker out there.", "My grandson loves the shoes! he loves them so much he wants to keep them looking new as long as possible, so i have not seen him in them he will not wear them alot. So yes i am very grateful he loves them! Be bless less stress!", "Great addition to add to any show lovers collection! Brought this item last year looking again for the same style.", "Fast service almost saved 50 bucks my friend paid 140 for the same shoes...came really fast box and shoes came in perfect cond. i will order from shoezoo again", "I love this shirt and would recommend everyone to buy more than one for it's feel and look is an amazing.", "I looked at these shoes for my 10 year old son and thought for sure there was a typo on the price, unless they come with $1,000 inside!! I'm wondering....", "Quick Shipping. Nice shoes, although I wasn't prepared for the material. Also the shows are kind of hard to get in and out of. I also don't like the way they look on my feet when looking straight down (they flatten out) but over all they're quite comfortable and look nice. While they're decent shores I probably won't but nike sweet highs again.", "I bought the shoes hoping they would fit good and they fit great and they look good,they are my favorite shoes and I wear them all the time, and I would buy another pair again", "Amazon was the only place I could find these shoes. I love them. They are adorable. They look really cute and I love the retro look they have. They fit as expected. Wish nike would start making Cortez sneakers again. The only ones I can find in kids sizes are black, which I like, but not so much for summer. Happy with my purchase. Shipping was quick, would definitely buy these again & again!", "I bought these shoes and had them directly shipped to my mothers house. These were a birthday gift for her. She loves this style. Great price on amazon.", "My favorite shoes. I just love it! fits as expected, good quality and very comfortable. Definitely worse to buy it!", "My son loved his navy blue cortez, he uses them everyday and wants some black ones too!! hopefully they will have in his size soon.", "Son's feet grow fast, and now feel a bit tight, and later in the NIKE factory and purchased a pair.", "Husband really likes them, no complaints. He just golfs for fun and isn't a &#34;serious golfer&#34; but says they work great and are comfortable.", "product came in exactly as described and sooner than i expected.i bought them for my son and he loves them", "Bought this for my husband who plays A LOT of golf and participates in MANY tournaments and he was very happy and tells me all the time how much he loves it. This is a great shoe at an even better price!", "Bought the as a gift for my Dad and gave them to him on a recent golf trip.  He played 36 holes with them right out of the box and said they were a great shoe offering lots of support and stability.  He gave them 2 thumbs up.", "the shoe fits wellit looks goodit feels goodand for a golf shoe below $60... its a good buy", "Found out after I purchased this pair of Nikes, that Nikes in general tend to run a bit small.  Would have been better off buying a half size larger.  Not pleased with purchase.", "I love the compression.  As a runner, finding an appropriate bra is difficult and frustrating, but this one works exactly how I need it.  I got a size L and it fits as expected, which is to say nothing is bouncing around.", "This is an awesome sports bra. Fits perfectly and very comfortable. I ordered a second one the day after wearing it for the first time! It fits true to size as well.", "They do the work - GReat support & Quality Material- BUT beware of the SIZE I am Size Medium, and a large size would have been better. Enjoy!", "loved it! super comfy, just what I was looking for. would definitely recommend and will probably buy more of these.", "It is comfortable and keep your breasts well in place. I am a sport addict. Therefore, I needed something that will prevent my breasts to pop out when I am running or jumping. This bras does its job perfectly.", "I bought a Nike sports bra before but the &#34;small&#34; that had 34B in its size range was too small, so I purchased a &#34;medium&#34; this time around. I'm happy to say it provides a good fit.", "This fit perfectly.  I take a large, I bought a large and it fit like a large.  Very comfortable.  Nice enough to wear without a top over it and plenty of support.", "I really liked this product.  It's just a tiny bit smaller than expected but still fits and is very comfortable.", "I tend to sweat around my breasts.  This bra helped to keep me drier than most and fit well.  That is what I was looking for in a bra. One that wicked the water away.", "I don't like having to send things back, but the size was smaller than expected. The size chart said I should get a medium but it was too small.", "the problem with this sports bra is that, even though it is quite comfortable, I always have that una-boob look.", "Item arrived as described. Very pleased. fits well and washes well.This is my second sports bra. I have never been disappointed with Nike products.", "At first  - I was skeptical about buying a running shoe, because I see so many trainers on the market that looks good, but make your feet look like you are a nursinghome patient.  Those other trainers on the shelves make your feet look sort of &#34;orthopedic&#34;.  I am 56 years old and I need a orthopedic fit, but I also have an ego and I wanted a trainer that looks like I am a professional runner.  This is where this trainer comes to play.  It has a orthopedic fit, but the appearance strokes my ego.  I do a lot of running in the park and I also ran for Pancreatic Cancer Drive.  My trainers survived and it is breathable for my sweaty feet.  I wholeheartedly recommend these runners/trainers.  It is  both for the timid runner as well as a professional athlete.", "I like these shoes its was a good product as ever the color of them they last for such a long time", "First of all - I don't know why people don't make golf shoes like this more... This changes the whole game!!  You don't get sweaty feet and toes that stuck together which makes you so uncomfortable...  Plus it is extremely light (feather weight) and it doesn't feel like you are wearing any shoes... All my friends got a pair after they saw mine.. Plus, you can't beat the price either!  One downside of this shoes is that - it doesn't handle the morning dew and sands... Your feet are going to get completely soaked in water if you have these on in the morning golf (which I rarely do.. I am more of an afternoon golfer).. And, the sands gets into the shoes.. It's easy to take them off, shake the sand out, and put them back on... But, all the sands find their way out during your golf game if don't wanna take your shoes off during the game.. That extra work actually improved my game b/c I was too lazy to take my shoes off and I somehow could focused on avoiding the sand!  :)  Highly recommend..", "The summer is hot hot hot and the last thing I want is my feet sweating when I play golf. The shoes feel good on and are very light to walk in. Good buy.", "These are my sixth pair of golf shoes. These are the best. Airy, springy, totally comfortable. They fit as expected because they give. I have a new tan on the top of my feet, if you don't want that, put on a bit extra sunscreen.", "I have already worn these to golf.  This solved the problem with my feet getting hot.  Now, I have to buy new socks.  Why?  Because these are extremely white and clean.", "Love them. Fit perfect.", "Ok, I am going to admit I am a little obsessive about this golf shoe.  I own five pairs of them (keep two pairs at a beach house and have three different colors) and I am bummed they have changed the style this year.  They are a cross between a sandal and a tennis shoe.  The criss cross lace on the top is open and the weave of the fabric is open so they feel light, airy and comfortable.  Great stylish, summer golf shoe. I have received soooo many compliments and now most of my golfing buddies have gone out and purchased. The only complaints I have are that they are not super supportive (I just use an insert to add arch support) and I have the oddest (but cute) tan lines from the open weave laces.", "Light weight great summer shoe", "Love these golf shoes. They come in different colors and machine washable.Very light and plenty of compliments about the color and the cute style.", "Good everyday shoes. I wore my last pair sightseeing and with black pants. . But for an hour and a half of mall walking, I had to buy &#34;Nike Air&#34; instead.  I felt the balls of my feet aching if I did a Zumba Class or a long walk in Nike Free. I think the Nike Air will serve one better for long walks. I still love Nike. They are a great fit for me and I wear them until the tread is smoothed out.", "Would have been helpful if the review said that shoes run smaller.", "I really like the look of this shoe. I been wanting some all black tennis shoes. Not as comfortable/flexible as my other pair of free runs but still good.", "The shoe itself was great but I ordered the wrong size, totally my bad!", "Love these!  Light weight, but yet very supportive.  They do run a bit small. I would suggest ordering a half-size up.", "Nice kicks!", "Excellent product, unfortunately I'm wrong with the shoe size ... But that is neglect mine. In a next purchase I hope not mistaken. Thanks for everything!", "nice color nice design", "My son loves these and wore them the first day he received them.  Because is is a keeper the color highlights his position and make him stand out.", "I'm happy!! I got just what i expected. Nice color, right size, beautiful design. It was a cool experience shopping on line.", "Perfect", "Really like these shoes.", "Not as good on trail as extpected. Not waterproof", "A cute watch (even though I'm a woman and this is a boy's watch), fits perfectly, simple to use, great contrast, large numbers.  And I looove the orange detail.", "I can't say enough about these shoes. They are so comfortable, and nice looking shoe also. I get compliments too. These a good product.", "Great shoes! I ordered them for running, but when they arrived, thought they looked a bit more like tennis shoes. Wore them on my regular jog anyway and have been pleasantly surprised!  Very comfortable, good cushioning. True, a serious runner would probably want specifically designed running shoes, I am a slow jogger who does not do long distances. I like the leather surface that can be cleaned easily. Great shoes, great service from company. Thanks!", "These are the best pair of sunglasses that i have ever owned. they fit perfectly and dont move around while doing any kind of physical activity. i love them.", "If you had the last version of these, you will notice the sides got a big large, so your vision will be affected some, you'll  notice a blig spot on your extreme left and right. However, they sit remotely comfortable, these glasses (like most) take time to conform to your head. So be patient, you will enj\\oy them. Those nose cushions are huge, only reason why I stayed the same make. So far so good.", "The item received is what I've been searching for.  Only thing tho, this product has changed a little from the previous pair and I like the old pair better.", "This shoe is right on trend. It is very stiff so it needs to be broken in a bit. but every time i wear them i get tons of compliments! Unfortunately it has  been very hot for me to wear them in the summer where i live but i cant wait to wear them in the fall. Also, be sure to put some type of protectant on them as they get dirty very quickly.", "Wanted a new set of shoes and loved the ones I had, so ordered another pair.  Run the same size as the original so would order the correct size you are", "These shoes are light, durable and provide good traction for a beginning runner. We purchased these shoes for our10 year old son for summer speed camp and he loved wearing them instead of cross- trainers for running sprints. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a good track shoe.", "My son likes the colour, cushioning, flexibility and the light weight. Hopefully, this pair will last for at least a year. A bit expensive for kids' running shoe though.", "I bought these in a youth 7 for my son- His other Nikes (Lunar series) were a 7.  He loved the neon yellow and blue colors and was excited when they arrived.  However, he could not get his foot in them.  It was not a too tight problem, it was a seriously too small issue.  I had to pay for return shipping ($12) since they were not fulfilled by amazon.  This pair is a fun colorful pair of shoes (5 stars) , but the sizing is very different (1 star) than the other 50+ pairs of Nikes we have owned.", "This running shoe is the shoe my 10 year old son was dreaming about so I ordered it without even knowing if I was ordering the correct size.  He absolutely love their vibrant yellow color, they fit perfectly and are very comfortable to run in he tells me!  Thanks, I may need to order a pair for  myself!!", "These were the apple os my daughters eye. Of course online everything looks good, but in person this color really pops. SHe has so many items this color with this new neon craze and these complements most of them. The fit is great and she expressed running in them feels great.", "my girls love this shoes, at first you have get use to them but after you get use to them you will love them", "I really wanted the black ones, but they shipped grey, but I'm too damn lazy to ship back, but they look good still..", "I would give these 0 stars if that was an option. I purchased these for my daughter to wear on a beach vacation. After only a few hours of wearing these she complained that her feet hurt so much she could not make it the last block to our hotel. I offered to trade shoes with her and wore them myself for one block. One block. In that one block, the ridged thongs literally shredded the skin of the second toe on each foot. I arrived at the hotel limping from the wounds and have yet to fully recover. It has been four days and I cannot move my toes or walk without pain. What sadistic foot fetishist designed these flip flops? Purchase these at your own peril.", "The flip-flops are comfortable, but I've only had the product for about a month and the bottoms are starting to wear more than normal. For $20, I expected a little more durability and a higher quality product from Nike, but I wouldn't say I'm completely disappointed. Average product.", "I actually look forward to putting these on to go run. They feel great on your feet, and since I have started using them my knee pain (which I have endured since high school) during running has almost disappeared. My fiance thinks I'm crazy for wearing only this one specific kind of Nike, but if he knew how they felt, he'd understand! I highly recommend these shoes, this is a case where it is worth a little extra money, especially if you are an underpronator or runner with high arches.", "How do you expect someone to buy from you if you don't put a size!", "My wife had these and pad a good bit of money for them. The problem was that every time that she wore them, her feet hurt. Group fitness classes, going for a run, or even just walking around. She's never had these problems in any other shoes including other Nike's.The odd thing is that she gave them a friend and she has had no problem with them. I guess every foot is different but you may want to try some on at a local store first.", "I use these sneakers for classes such as HIIT, strength and toning, etc. - not as running shoes. I have been wearing them for about two months now and have not had any issues. I may be looking for something with a little less cushion going forward because of the side to side high impact nature of my workouts, since the memory foam in the ball of these shoes is not always conduscive to the explosive side to side moments and I feel my toes slipping or pressing against the side edges. But overall, I am very happy with this purchase - especially when typically I have not been a Nike sneaker person in the past (usually New Balance or Asics).", "I'm 5' 9\" about 180 lbs, training for a marathon, I went through the soles in less than 2 months averaging about 25 a week.  Sent them back to Nike who said that was normal wear and would not refund the money.  Running shoes are suppose to last for 200-300 miles.", "they sold fakes and charged me over $200 what more can i say very disappointing might as well be false advertising", "These shoes are good. I love the retro design, however the quality, specifically of the sole of the shoe seems to be pretty poor. I suspect this is because the shoes are still manufactured with the same material and general composition as they were 40 years ago, when their design was new and cutting edge. I suppose you cannot fault Nike for this since the shoes are marketed by them as a fashion &#34;retro&#34; lifestyle shoe now, and not really for basketball or fitness. These are really good shoes though, and I enjoy wearing them. Just know that if you are planning on purchasing a pair that the sole is pretty flimsy and weak. Walk lightly.", "I absolutely love these shoes :) they looked great out of the box, and a year later they still do! shipping was great, and done in a timely manner> no problems", "These shoes are cute. My daughter has worn these shoes out and they still look presentable because of the patent leather and print at the toe. I would buy these again.", "I love these sunglasses.  I had to get a second pair because my wife stole the first ones!", "The Nike Skylon Ace with the Anthracite Max Speed Tint is great.  Great fit and lightweight. Fits my face perfect and no outside reflection comes through the sides.  The arms either lock open or lock closed; no in between action on arms.  The lens gives a slight reddish highlight to everything making golf greens reading more clear.  The downside is that because they are so lightweight, they feel like they could break when opening or closing the arms (just a feeling..not sure about the real strength of the product).  I love them though...great fit, no slippage, and so lightweight I can hardly feel them; play golf and tennis in them.", "I am very happy with this purchase. Wearing it while driving, doing sports and daily casual. Very light and comfortable. Thanks.", "I BOUGHT THESE FOR MY SON AND THEY ARE LASTING HIM A VERY LONG TIME COMPARED TO OTHER SHOES I HAVE GOTTEN HIM. THEY DO LOOK REALLY NICE AND I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM.", "Product is beautiful, and the severity is very excellent", "I get tired of writing these dang reviews. If I did not return it then it must have been ok.", "Shirt is nice and exactly what I expected. I would buy again in different color. Very nice Nike Golf shirt.", "This shirt exactly matched the shorts for which I purchased it.  Great shirt.", "Well made, nice pattern on shirt, rich subtle look. Breaths well, great material. Trying to find other colors same item my size.", "I love these shirts, they are comfortable and cool. They are just hard to find. When you do find them they are expensive.", "These shoes arrived quickly and were just as pictured.  I broke them in for the first time on the golf course playing 2 days in a row 18 holes. Very comfortable no problems whatsoever best part they look really good especially when I played pebble beach. Good quality and very affordable", "These have been great shoes for golf. They are inexpensive but not cheap. They keep my feet dry and work great on the course. I think they also look great!", "Bought these for under $50. I have played several rounds with these and they were comfortable from the start. Have played in wet rainy as well as wet early morning conditions and feet are dry.I did order these 1/2 size bigger per other reviews and they fit perfect.", "the most comfortable golf shoe i have ever worn..and it was completely waterproof..no problems at all ..super light weight..great..super.what else is there too say", "These golf shoes are great. They look really cool cant even tell that you are golf shoes, they feel comfortable, and helped my terrible golf game!", "I bought these a little while back and i still can wear them. They are very durable and very comfortable. Did i mention their style. And for that price there is no better shoe out there.", "I just love this shoes perfect for running..I love wearing them!!", "I like the product, but I would have liked it a lot more if it were the color I had ordered. I ordered white and pink and received black and pink.", "Super Cute! Mommy and Daddy to be loved it! Loved the color. The one I received was black and pink.", "if I would wanted a pink and black outfit for my daughter I wouldve chose it why didnt I get the pink and white one if yall not go.send it dont show the picture", "Bought this for my little girl. It's definitely pink and girlie but it looks different than all the other floral and animal prints.  Says up to 6 months, but my tike is still fitting in it at 7. I guess she is not a forward.", "Very cute and as pictured. This was picked out by my boys to bring lil sis home from hospital", "My husband likes these shoes so much I ordered another pair exactly like these. He calls them his Roll Tide shoes.", "I read all the reviews on here, since I was quite hesitant to buy shoes online. However, I am 100% satisfied with my Nike Zoom Vomero+ 5's. I paid less than any retail store that I went to, and these are by far the comfiest shoes that I've ever had. They actually make running bearable for me (as I'm not incredibly light on my feet).These are sized appropriate and fit great. My feet are in that weird range where they're about 12.5, but most shoe companies stop making half sizes after 11.5. These size 13's don't feel too big, but I definitely think that I'd be OK if I was naturally a size 13.These shoes are so comfortable that I gradually turned them into my every day shoe. I wear them everywhere I go now b/c my other shoes just can't compare. My running has improved immensely in this shoe as well, mostly because these make me excited to run. Any extra motivation that I can use (i.e. comfy shoes) is a definite plus in my book. I highly recommend these shoes.Let me know if you have any questions in the comments, and I'll be glad to answer them!", "Very comfortable and used these shoes throughout by P90x of 4 months and they kept my feet nice and happy", "The sneaker, is everything you could expect it to be if you are looking for premium quality.  That is what you're getting from east to west, north to south.", "Nike style is so sleek and ahead of the game.  The choice and embodiment of the colors Nike chooses in this shoe is pretty unique.Walking in the shoes is extremely comfortable.  Can definitely feel the added cushion to the bottom of the ball of my feet.", "Very cool shoes and excellent quality.  My boy love it. I really recommend it, very comfortable shoes. Not only for basketball.", "Sexy, fits perfect, colors amazing, light weight, and looks great. Of course roshe runs are in high demand so why not get them? There amazing.", "This shoe runs smaller than you regular size. When I tried to return this product, I was told it shipped from China or somewhere over seas.  It would cost me about the same I paid for the shoe to return them.  Now I am stuck with a shoe that does not fit.  DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT!!!", "I ordered my standard shoe size, but they are very narrow and I'll fitting. Don't trust the sizes. They don't run true to size and are just very narrow in general.", "Love the shoes, however I do not like that the seller did not provide original nike box, makes me wonder why", "Shoe fits awesome + so comfy!", "The sport shoes are what I expected, except for they are a bit larger than other size 8 nikes I own. I am keeping them cause they still fit ok and I am using them as a walking shoe versus a fitness shoe.", "It was a gift. They loved it and they fit perfectly.", "I wear these on the daily and especially if I know I am walking around the city. Probably will be buying another pair of roshe runs in another color", "These shoes were amazing! No one has the color which always gets my attention! I love the neon! Thanks guys", "These are a bit brighter than the picture, but I love them.  They are super light, and they are snazzy!  Love them!", "These are probably the most comfortable pair of sneakers I have ever owned.  They fit like Keds on a skate border so I feel kind of old for them (40), but in the end the comfort trumps all.", "when i took the shoe out of the box their was little blue  spots on the whites of the shoe and on the nose of the shoes theirs  a tiny  pink spot that is what i expect to be yogurt?", "Purchased for my nephew as it is the football season and he loves them. He says they are very comfortable and they look great.", "Una version diferente de los modelos de nike, zapatos bien hechos y de alta durabilidad, color llamativos bien combinados totalmente aconcejables...", "Product was a nice product - I did not pay attention to the size and they ended being a little too narrow for my head but that's my fault for not paying attention to that.  Otherwise great company and good product.", "\"Son hermosos los lentes, en realidad quede fascinada, c&oacute;modos, deportivos y a la vez elegantes!!!Estoy enamorada de mis lentes, y el precio, excelente! Muchas Gracias.\"", "Feels good on my feet", "Very nice.Friend love the product.", "These slides are very comfortable and my teenage daughter loves them. They are a bit smaller than expected but fit her comfortably.", "Great product, and no more considerations to tell, write ou manifest from anything means to do this, and so on.", "I rarely complain about amazon, but I must post a small gripe. The photo to the left do not match the glasses you receive. The photo depicts a blueish frame surrounding the glass and a white exterior for the remaining portion of the frame. The glasses I received (twice) are totally dark blue on the outside of the frame and white on the inside. I may be being picky, but I like the color scheme of the pictured glasses. I returned the first pair and chatted with an amazon rep. before ordering a second pair (only to get the same pair on my second go around). Don't get me wrong I do like the glasses, they just aren't the color of the glasses I thought I was getting.", "This sunglasses fit great and look good. I love running in them. For the price they are a great deal. I recieved the sunglasses in only two days and the box even included a Twizzler. I am very happy with the sunglasses.", "As stated by a previous review , we also received the wrong color, I like the glasses but it isn't what is in the picture. I'm not a fan of returning things so I will just keep them.", "I got these for my husband.  Now my uncle and my kids want them too.  Great clarity and comfortable fit.", "I use these for golf and love them.  has interchangeable lenses but I stayed with the outdoor.  nice if you can find them", "the shoes were too big, maybe because they are Nikes and Nike tends to run a little bigger than most brands. but i had to return it. the design is what caught my eye.", "This shoe is perfect for school. Especially since they are required to wear uniform. Khaki and white are two of the colors that can be worn. I just love the look. My son loves them! So if he is satisfied with them I most definitely am! I will continue to order through Amazon because I haven't had any disappointments from either of the other orders. Great company!", "this are bamf shoes and i reccomend emlace em up right and show em offi got tow pairs in diff colors and love emthey are loudstylishand casualgood shoes***", "The Nike Air Tri-D III shoes were specially designed and built for running, you can tell that immediately. *Very* lightweight, *very* comfortable, the midsole does provide ample midfoot/forefoot cushioning... they're just great. And very good looking, too! I use them on pavement and thanks to both the Air technology on the heel and the generous amount of cushioning on the midsole you feel you're walking on a pillow. I try to jog with them but my feet immediately want to fly. Well done, Nike!", "This sneaker purchase was a little pricey but worth it. Good quality for the money. And I received it by mail very quickly.", "I hated them. Ran a size smaller then expected, and the sole stands about 2 inches high making it easy to trip and fall.", "Very comfortable sandal. Good for all day use as life guard walking on concrete. True to size. Remaining odor free with high usage.", "Terrible, It came smelling terrible like someone with stinky feet had been walking in it and it came two weeks after the shippig date stated", "These shoes are so awesome!!! They feel so great!I will tell my friends to get them......I will get them in pink", "It feels great. I'd order a half size smaller. The only weird thing about this shoe is when rocks get caught in the sole. it's not bothersome, though. I love these! so comfy!", "I was forewarned by my runner friends to buy these shoes exactly one size bigger than my actual shoe size which seemed crazy to me but they were right and they fit me perfectly! This shoe is extremely light weight and unbelievably flexible. I have pretty sensitive feet and am susceptible to blisters on my heels and the ball of my foot, but right out of the box, I went on a three mile walk and my feet were great. Seriously, this is the best running shoe I have ever bought!", "I have very high arches and am a neutral runner. Great fit, great shoe! Love love love nike frees!!! :)", "I love these shoes for work!", "Comfortable running shoes ! Love these sneaks! Came faster than I expected which is great! :) Great support in the feet. Great buy!", "Nice shoes, Love it. Thanks.", "great shoes at great price", "I always buy Nike products. They always last a long time and wear well, but this sneaker ran extremely tight width wise. My trainer at the gym also has these sneakers and he said that the support on them aren't very good and they wore out on him quite quickly.I will buy a different Nike sneaker, but these are really just a pretty shoe vs. a useful shoe.", "Will give my daughter this pair and I will purchase a size 9.  Love the shoe!", "A lilttle bit small but with time it will fit you just have to wear it a couple of time before", "Very comfy and pretty. I usually wear size 10 in shoes with no heels, and this size 10 fits perfectly. Very happy with purchase!", "Looked everywhere for this pair.  Perfect!", "You CANNOT go wrong with Nike Free's. Ever. Your normal size tennis shoe will work. Super tight at first, but that's like all shoes.", "Shoes are perfect! Fur great and super comfortable. Also, seller went out if his way to make sure I get the item on time.", "I am a size 6 1/2 - 7 and this shoe (7) was super small. It felt like it was a small 6. So maybe go one size up. Cute shoes though but had to return.", "Received these quickly and I love them! They weigh close to nothing and are soo cozy. I get compliments every time I wear them, I love them!", "Fast shipping and great shoes. Exactly what I wanted", "I recommend getting a half size larger than your regular size. I ordered a 9.5 and they were too small, so I got a 10 and they were perfect! Other than that they are very cute, I love them!", "excelente", "These shoes dramatically improved my shin splint pain. Their a little tight bc they run about a half a size small. But really comfortable. They're also really cute and are made of an interesting plastic-like material on the outer part that isn't mesh.  But totally breathable. I absolutely love these shoes and will buy more in different colors.  I'm kind of a shoe whore. LOL. They are expensive but if you want a quality shoes these are worth the price.", "These shoes are super comfy and lightweight. They run a bit small though so order half a size larger than you would normally wear.", "This shoes is very comfortable. The arch support was excellent. I normally use orthotic with me shoes, but with this shoes, I don't need too. This shoes is a little bit pricy but it's worth it&#128527;", "I bought the black ones for 100$ at my local sports store, I don't know why they're so high on amazon. They are really light weight and have a soft supportive cushion. I definitely recommend these for a lower price.", "Love everything about the shoes, but it fits much smaller than normal size.  You would need at least 1 size bigger.", "These shoes are great. They are light, flexible. I recommend it for people who like the weightless feel. . They are very comfortable. These shoes run small, so be sure to order a half a size up. Im an 8.5 and according to other reviews regarding the sizing, I chose to not think twice, and order the 9. The 9 fits like a glove. Im happy with the purchase and I will definitely purchase them in more colors in the future:)", "I have gone through many running shoes over the years from running track, cross country, and local races.  Ive tried many diferent brands and styles and they either werent comfortable or didnt hold up very long.  I tried the highly recommeneded Frees and I LOVE them!!  They are so lightweight and comfortable and I love the low ankle. Other members said they run small but mine fit true to size (7.5).", "These shoes are so comfortable, When I wear them i feel like im not wearing any shoes at all thats how comfty thesse shoes are.", "The shoes are fine tgat particular type of shoe does nt yave wide width. But there is webbing and tjey will stretch", "Not available in stores in this color where I live, so Amazon saved the day once again.  Bought 1/2 size larger as advised on the reviews.  Perfect fit, perfect price, perfect shoes!", "The shoes are great, shipping was very quick and I ordered 1/2 size larger than I normally wear however they still fit snug.  I will be exchanging for a larger shoe.", "I know the review title is kind of silly and maybe a bit provocative, but, it is just the plain truth! My feet are pretty much never happy. I have very high arches and could never get used to wearing orthotics, so, my feet perpetually crave a massage. When I started running a while back, this became even more of a problem. I bought a pair of shoes that were supposed to have a lot of support and cushioning (since I am a big girl), but they felt like anvils on my feet. I knew I needed a lighter shoe, but in most cases lighter means less cushion and support. For smaller, flat-footed people, those shoes work fine, but not me. I did a lot of research and tried a shoe that was supposed to be a sort of transitional shoe from the standard running shoe to barefoot running and also have a high arch. The shoes felt ok, and were certainly light, but I definitely felt the lack of support, stability and cushion and wound up with sore knees for hours after each run. So, I went back online, did tons more research and then headed to the sporting goods store to try on shoes. From the moment I put these shoes on and felt how they hugged my arches, I was in love. But, they are kind of minimal shoes and I was worried that they would also result in my suffering with sore knees or hips. Instead of buying these \"send my arches to heaven\" shoes, I did more research and compared the cushion, support and stability ratings with other more traditional shoes that were recommended for heavy runners. This shoe held it's own in pretty much every category...and it was a good 2-3 ounces lighter, too! Finally, I felt comfortable buying the shoes my arches fell in love with.I've since run in them several times and spent a day walking in them, too. They are, quite simply, the best shoes my feet have ever been in. I have never gotten that \"anvils for shoes\" feeling, and never had sore knees or hips. In fact, despite their low profile/thin sole, these shoes feel more supportive and cushioned than my other clunkers with a huge sole. I absolutely adore these shoes! But, I would caution anyone considering these shoes to do their homework, go to a local store to try them on and run around a bit in them. Everyone's feet are different and the extra step could save you from the disappointment, pain and hassle I had with my other running shoe purchase.", "Awesome shoes! They fit great and are super comfortable. I hope more colors come in as I will purchase more!", "I ALWAYS LOVE THIS SHOE AND IM SO HAPPY THAT THIS COMPANY HAD THEM,AT FIRST I DIDNT THINK THESE GUYS WERE THE REAL THING BUT THEY SHOWED ME THAT THEY WERE(BIG SMOOV)HARLEM NYC.", "These shoes are adorable.  When I was hunting for MJ stuff i came across these and had to buy them for my cousin who was expecting a baby boy.  He is a die hard MJ fan and was thrilled with the gift.  The quality, as expected, is amazing.  Highly recommend!", "I love the color of these shoes and how comfortable they are.  These are my third pair of this model of Nike Free Run and probably my 30th pair of Nike Free Run in total.  I love how comfortable Nike Free Run shoes are and how flexible/forgiving/and pliable they are!  In my opinion makes for a very comfortable workout and walking shoe.", "Grandson found these online and loved them.. He wears a size 13, which is hard to fine in local stores.", "I fell in love with the Air Max 2009. When Nike changed the Air Max construction for 2010 & 2011, they just weren't as comfortable to me, and obviously to many others too. That's why Nike went back to a more 2009 design for 2012. To avoid being left with having to settle on future pairs of uncomfortable shoes, I splurged and bought 3 different pairs of these shoes over a few weeks time. Buy a pair and you'll know what I'm talking about", "These are great shoes, but in this case the air in sole of the right shoe went flat.  Only had the shoes for about two weeks.  I returned and received a prompt refund.", "Not a fan of these nikes. I should have stuck with my air max nikes. I need five more words to submit.", "I ' m 5' 8\" tall & 165 lbs weight , I brought this shoes on March 20 ,2013, shaft to run with its everyday with 1 hr, and running on smooth jogging path. But very disappointed about it.  Because the bottom rubber of shoes's heels appeared seriously worn and eventually the air pad heel was broken on May 8 2013. It caused me lost of support & balancing to my feet.The shoes only workable for 39 days. Premium price & poor product durability. It make me lost of confidence & reliability  about Nike running shoes.", "I am a female long distance runner. I love the men's 5.0 --nice roomy footbed, smooth ride. This is my second pair. I go up half a size they run a bit small.", "This shoe is light weight and comfortable. It is neutral in color so it goes with just about anything. My son has enjoyed them.", "Very nice looking shoe but the shoe is actually white and blue not white and black. It is hard to tell in the photo. Returned shoe as my son needs a white and black shoe.", "These are good shoes until the air pockets leak. Then they're worthless. I've had a couple of Air Max shoes and the first thing to wear out on them both was the air pockets. Wouldn't get them again. Only lasted a couple of months of playing indoor.", "I love the fact that these shoes lace up. This is a hard option to find. Great arch support and he loves them!", "I purchased these for Christmas for my 11-year-old grandson and he adores them!  He typically destroys shoes in a matter of weeks but not these -- they are sturdy, well-fitting and, in his words, \"the coolest.\"  When unable to find his size (Y-7) in local stores, I searched Amazon and I am glad I did -- there was a better selection of colors and sizes and they were less expensive then I had seen in stores. I'll be back.", "ordered for my girlfriend she loved them", "nice, comfortable and it lasted......at first i tought it was a little too colorful but it looks just nice.Its a smooth ride, one of the most comfortable sneakers i ever wore!", "I think these are the ugliest pair of shoes, but I'm not the one who is wearing them - my grandson loves them.", "I have tried several different shoes that were a bit less in cost, but I always come back to Nike.  Like all their other shoes, they fit me perfectly, the support in the arch is in the right place and the support of my feet is great.  We walked 15-20 miles a day in these and they breath well, and at the end of the day, I didn't have any blisters, or other issues with my feet as I often do with other brands.", "good shorts, I like the way large fits and I wear large. A little pricy for basic shorts, but they are really comfortable.", "My son and daughter both love the Huarache for Softball and Baseball. Great shoe! they both love the mid sole and the ankle protection.", "The description says that this is a \"passport case.\" The wallet doesn't even look big enough to hold money or a license. The descrption on the Nike box says \"Front Pocket Wallet.\" It doesn't say anything about a \"passport.\" Disappointed!!", "Very impressive design, light attractive beautiful colorsAverage size, with little money are not suitable for large amounts and coins", "I looked all over for a simple water sandle with a quick disconnect buckle. This one has that and is surprisingly comfortable as well. I wore mine all day wandering arround Sea World and got soaked and dried several times. It provides just enough protection to avoid some of those little toe stubs that hurt so much too. Always comfortable and light. Costs a bit too much though.", "These socks are extremely tight at the top.  I was unaware of the problem until I went to take them off and my legs were seriously indented.  Teh problem didn't go away for 36 hours and i was actually concerned.", "The best pair of socks I have ever had. They fit nice and are soft and comfortable. I loved them", "It does keep my feet dry, but it doesn't breathe at all and on a hot day makes my feet feel like they are burning.  My thin gold toes, though not moisture-wicking, keep my feet more comfortable.  Also, the large seems to be a bit snug with first uses.  Haven't tried them on too often though due to aforementioned reasons.  They are slightly thick though so have more padding than my thinner dress socks.", "Bought these for lacrosse. Great cushion and so far they are durable. First pairs of socks that I have ever owned that have a left/right foot specific design.", "Got these for work as I ride my bike there and am active in general. They're breathable, stay up well, and aren't wearing in too quickly or anything. Good socks. And they have an L and R to tell you which foot!", "These socks are the best! I keep buying more. So comfy and love the color!!!!!! Definitely buy them, youll be pleased", "These socks are amazing. I thought socks were socks til a few years ago when I discovered the Nike socks. The quality of them were way above the other brands of socks I bought. After finally wearing through most of them, I decided to grab these and I'm in love. They're cushioned and really helps because for work I'm on my feet for 10+ hours per shift. The price was a bit steep, but by a stroke of luck my cousin went to the Nike Employee Store a few days later so I had him pick up some more for me, they're 3 for $9 at the Employee Store, vs 3 for $18 online. That being said, the socks are great, they breathe well and my feet don't get hot or sweaty anymore even when it's 80 outside (hey I live in Oregon, 80 is a hot day lol) the fit is spot on and they're comfortable. The only point to note, is that these ones I got from Amazon come up to a little below my knee, whereas the ones from the ES go halfway up, but they're both crew socks (unless I'm missing something).", "These dr-fit socks do what they advertise, they keep your feet relatively dry.  This is great for me, I walk/run quite a bit and tend to get sweaty feet.  They wear out somewhat quickly, but that's to be expected with a thin breathable material.", "Perfect workout socks.  They stay pulled-up.  Look great.", "I use the socks for officiating basketball and they have been some of the most comfortable socks I've ever used.  I pull them up over my entire calf and they have a better effect on helping the muscles of my legs than wearing long tights.  My legs feel great after having 3 or 4 games, and many miles of running, on the court in one day.  I also have been wearing these socks to church because they are very comfortable.  I would recommend these socks to anyone considering them!", "These actually have arch supports, which is something my other Nike socks lacked. The heel and toe area is strategically cushioned. And they come in left and right fits.One potential issue is the long calf part of the sock. It is very elastic, and if you pull it up it can reach the knees. Leaving it down at the calf however can cause a little squeezing pain. I quickly got used to it, but it is something to keep in mind.Overall these are the most comfortable socks I've worn.", "Great socks love them.", "I bought these socks and they are nice....but they get so much lint on them and they attract so much hair like if you have a dog. Anyway the point of the title means that after about 4-5 months they get holes on the bottom and get less comfortable. I definitely suggest looking at the elite basketball ones...soo comfortable and super high quality. (this is deborah's son)", "Awooh ! Its good . It's worth every dime . Although its not Elite's , its still versatile . You should buy this item", "Sock are very supportive.  Tension relievers for the feet.  Pricey, yes.  Worth it, yes!!!  Very cool to wear, both as airy and good looking.", "What can I say besides these are some of the most comfortable socks I own. A must buy item !", "What more could you want from a pair of socks? They are way better than just plain cotton socks. I use them for work with my steel toe boots.", "These feel like good quality socks but they definitely go above my calf which I did not expect. Also, they have an elastic band in the middle of the sock that 'squeezes' (not too tightly) the sock around your arch and top of foot. It's a weird place for that and I've never experienced it before.It takes a little getting used to which is why they jury is still out for me on these.The 3 stars is mostly because the description (crew socks) is not accurate. They go high up on your leg.", "I like my socks tight.  TIGHT, baby.  SNUG.  I spent years wearing crew socks that would slide down a little as the day wore on, pulling them up, feeling them slide down, wearing out the heels and the elastic a little in the process; the longer I wore them, the looser they got. Tried various brands, same problem.  I have mixed feelings about Nike as a company, but let me tell you: these socks are the best.  TIGHT!  They don't slide down!  They have held up well for over a year!  I bought more!  I'm going to stock up in case they get discontinued, that's how much I love these socks.  A little unusual in that they are form-fit for left and right feet, so you have to keep track of that, put the R sock on the R foot and the L sock on the L foot, which might seem a laborious process for some people.  My theory: it may help keep them tight.  Definitely worth the mental and organizational challenges. (Hint: keep the L socks on the L side of your sock drawer, the R socks on the R side. Sweet system.)  SO comfortable.", "Ordered these socks for my daughter to play Club Volleyball and she loves them.  A little pricey but worth the money, high qualty and comfort.  Highly Recommend!", "These fit from the ankle down bettger than any sock I have ever worn. The material is soft, supple, and supportive.The Black is true and deep and looks really good.The left right fit is much more appreicated than I expected it to be.However above the anle the sock is way to tight around the calf. even if I fold the top half ot he sock down so the colar is near my anle it is still too tight for all day and evening wearing.But for athletic purposes they are fan tastic as long as I take them off within 6 hours of putting them on.", "Nike Dri-FITS are my grandson's go-to socks for all occasions.  The x-large are especially appreciated for his x-large teen feet.", "These socks are very comfortable.  Unlike a lot of XL socks that are on the smalll side if your shoe size is over a 13, these are generously sized for my size 14-15 feet.  The cuff is somewhat snug so they can be a bit tight around your calf but not a big problem unless you have abnormally large calves.", "Good quality, properly-sized (I have large feet), comfortable socks. So comfy' I often wear them as every day socks. Arrived quickly. Would buy them again.", "The are nice but they are not crew a little taller on the calf. Feet feet well and wash weel.", "they are very good socks...keeps your feet nice and warm when using them in the mountians on a hunt and they work just as well when using them on the job walking around...they keep your feet warm when needed and dry when needed...they are thick though....so if your shoes/boots are already on the tight side, look for something thinner since it might cramp up your foot", "The large rubber bands work so great at our local park. We use trash liners inside the outside barrels and use the bandsto secure the liners. Works Great!", "I got these for my teenage son and he says these are his favorite socks. He loves them; keep his feet dry.", "They stay up all day long.  The individual right foot/left foot fitting keeps them from bunching.  I haven't had them long, so I cannot speak for durability.", "These fit exactly as i was hoping.  They are a couple of inches taller than other crew sock I have purchased and are made very well.  i am picky about socks and these are great.  i am ordering another 3 pack.  i am using them for running track and playing basketball.", "These socks are pretty much the Nike Elite Basketball socks with a little less cushion and no spine on the back. Excellent and Cheap!!!", "These were too tight for my feet and lower legs.  I was looking for socks that would help my shoes to fit my feet better and cusion my feet.", "Feel great very comfortable will wear them often appreciate the service will continue to buy from nike very comfotable thanks", "These socks are great, but i got two left socks in one pair, i dont know how, what should i do?", "I bought these assuming that Drifit nike crew socks were the same - Please make sure if you want the ones that are more like heavy cotton that you do not buy these in error.  I thought they felt odd as I was putting them in the washer but rushing as always did not pay too much attention - they are okay for casual wear for my son but not for lacrosse or other running sports", "These socks are now the ONLY socks I wear...that fact alone should speak volume and persuade you to get em' if your considering buying these socks.", "My son liked these socks. Only complaint they are Very Long! My son wears them folded over and you can still see the Nike sign with no problem.  They appear to be durable as he is rough on socks, great value for the number of pairs received.", "These are not the same dri-fit socks that I have bought in the past. These new ones are thinner, don't have as much cushioning, and overall just feel flimsier. Also the material seems different as it is slicker, meaning more slipping around in shoes. This is something that affects performance. In conclusion these new versions of dri-fit socks are not the same quality as the old, and are not worth the price anymore.", "Received these shoes fast and was very pleased with their condition - exactly as advertised. Thanks again,", "This shoes are very comfortable, they are also good for playing basketball. The only one thing is they get dirty really fast, so take care of them. They remind me of the 80's and 90's style. There awesome!!", "I ordered a size 8,5 and 9,5 mistakenly sent. I paid so much money for nothing, I could not go back to the shoe because It's more expensive than shoes in my country.", "Faster shipping would have been nice.  But overall, we're very happy with the shoes.", "Great stylish shox. Although they squeaked quite a bit a first they have now been broken in and have quit. The only thing that I even remotely dislike about them is that since they are made out of a leather material they are beginning to get creases and wrinkles but overall great shoe.", "Great styling, reminiscent of the Nike hi-tops of the 80s. Fits comfortably, albeit it took an hour of wear to break them in.", "I ordered the Yellow ones and they came in less than a week. So far so good, comfortable and light. The only thing I found was that just be weary of the color running on your sock when first breaking them in. Other than that they're great!", "The fit and feel of the socks is great.  Very secure, not lose.  Not super tight.  Like the fact that the socks tell you if its for the Right or Left foot", "I bought a package of three Dri-Fit socks about 4-weeks ago and I enjoy these socks a lot.  They are a great and keep my feet cool during a high intensity workout.  They got the extra large set and have a size 12 shoe.  A good fit and knowing that they are made by Nike, I should have these for a long time.  Why 4-stars?  I have a tough time paying close to $20.00 for socks.", "I run three times a week and my last pack of three lasted over 18 months.  I just received this order and the quality and fit are the same as the original order.  I cannot see myself ever running in a different pair of socks.", "These fit like a fine glove. They feel great on my feet for every day use and for workouts. They have been good in cold and hot weather as well.However. They Stain like no piece of cloting I have ever purchased. Every Pair stained permenantly dingy brown within two washes. I cannot wear these with Sandals because of this. They fine synthetic fibers pill up badly after the first wash and dry as well. I am careful not to over heat/dry my clothese and this was still an immediate problem.I will not buy these socks again at this price based on durabililty and stainability.", "Great socks, fit and dry during sport so I can have better feet movement. Left and right sock provide the unique fit.", "Socks were exactly what I expected. They were a very snug fit which I prefer. I also like the L and R designation on each sock. Overall just nice socks for casual or sporting purposes.", "They seem to be fine, a little bit pricey but I hope that they last longer than regular ones. Good quality overall.", "COmfy socks and a great fit.  I did not know that they were labeled L and R, but that is fine with me. (Helps me remember)", "Love it perfect the shoes for not wearing big socks appreciate service socks are very comfortable hope others use as well", "I ordered a large and the fit was tight, but liveable. Then after a washing, they were VERY VERY tight. Not happy.", "This is my third or fourth set of these socks. These socks are very well built and constructed such that the elastic in the sock does not stretch or wear out. The sock maintains its integrity and good looks as a result of the very well constructed sock. I highly recommend these socks for anyone looking for a long-lasting high quality sock.", "These socks are rated for 8-12 shoe size; I'm a pretty solid size 9.  They fit perfectly off the rack.  After one wash, they shrink a little, but stretch back into a good fit immediately after putting them on.  If your foot is a size 10, the socks might be a little small, but still OK.  If you're 11 or 12, they won't fit.The perspiration wicking is decent.  My cotton socks get soaked and stay soaked.  These don't.  It's neither better than nor worse than the other non-cotton socks I've tried, though.The sole feels thick; I could feel the terry cloth on my sole the entire time I was running and cycling.  It feels good, but it is thicker than more traditional exercise socks likeWrightsock Anti-Blister Double Layer Running II Quarter Sock.  If you want a thin-feeling sock, this isn't it.The upper layer of the sock is quite thin except for a little bit that covers the front knuckle of the toes.  This is pretty much the same as for all exercise socks.There is a ribbed rather elastic portion that runs around the middle of the sock perpendicular to the foot at the arch of the foot.  This is probably what the sock means when it says it has \"arch support\".  No, it doesn't have arch support at all; it's just extra clingy around the middle of the foot.  It feels rather nice.-1 star for bad sizing data-2 star for bad pricing (this would be -0stars if Amazon sold at $8/3p, which is what I paid elsewhere).", "Classic, elegant, and very comfortable ...... my son loves this model ...... and now I buy it for my grandson!", "Adorable little shoes. My son loves them and we get so many compliments! Only little concern is that lace up shoes are a little inconvenient for a toddler but the look and comfort outweigh the inconvenience. Will definitely buy Shaun one he out grows these.", "I buy just about everything from Amazon because of the high quality of the vendors. I rarely return items but when I have it has always been with a full refund and the vendors have always been quick and curteous. My experience with Sneakers4u was the exact oppposite.First they never responded to my first email requesting a a refund. They answered my second email and I followed their refund instructions exactly. They decided to take 10% of my order even though I returned the sneakers untouched 2 days after I received it. Their policy says they can keep a restocking fee at their discretion, not sure how they can conceivable justify this but somehow in their mind they did.They are a bunch of crooks, do not buy anything from them, there are plenty of vendors who won't try to keep your money for nothing.", "Fit great....and so well made.  But what else would be expected from Nike.Would buy and buy and buy again................at least when he grows out of these-lol.", "This shoe was a great price for toddler Nike sneakers. Loved to shoe for my 2 year old. Would recommend for any parent to buy for child.", "This was an excellent buy,perfect fit and the Quality awesome.My son absolutely loves this shoes I would recommend this shoes to any one.", "This shoe is so uncomfortable i want my money back. The shoe is so wide, I have thin feet make shoes that will fit me", "these shoes arereallly nice and came in as expected, the box itcame in looked old and bet up and made me worry but when i opened it there was some nice pairs of kicks in it. i would recomend as the beat up box did absolutly nothing to the soe itself", "I love all of the nike air rifts. They are extremely hard to find in regular stores so had to search online. I currently own this one and it is super comfortable but wearing out because i wear it everyday and can't find it in stores. I get lots of complements on them whenever i go out in them i think because they bring out my tan lol. I tried a pair in the same color right before i bought these but the left side felt off so i convinced the sales guy to let me have the right side in that pair to pair with the left in the 2nd pair and voila! Perfect fit! Some rifts are softer than others and are made from diffeent materials so choose the most comfy and stick with that type. I tried others and wanted to love them but they were just too hard. There is another metallic gold that is more of a sheen gold than this pair which has more of tiny little iridescent squares which are gold but also reflect varying colors. Love it! I wish i could find them but I'm only writing this review because i did a search on gold rifts and only the metallic came up. I want this pic to be in my account on amazon so if it ever becomes available i can get it. If you ever get a  chance to try on in the store do it because it has to feel like second skin or you will hate it. Trust me. I have a new black one in my closet that is a pain to keep on more than a minute but i'm convinced I'll break it in one day. I'd hate to see a rift go to waste. Oh and 2 more things : i had to buy a padded insole because i felt i wasnt getting enough arch support and secondly you may need to spray on some kinda foot spray because your feet can sweat and end up being stinky after a long day of wearing them. In my research i found someone else that said the same thing so i know it couldnt be my experience alone though i don't remember anyone else mentioning putting in a padded insole.", "This is my third NIKE 90 that I got to my 6 years old son. It is very durable besides the high quality it is made.", "I bought these cleats for my son who is playing college football.  He loves the way they fit his feet.  He says they have great arch supports and make his feet fell comfortable even after 6 hours of hard practice.", "6'1&#34;, apx. 175-180 lbs. I bought the Large. Fits a little loose, but not bad. Just depends if you're looking for a tight fitting work out shirt or loose. Can't go wrong with Nike Dri-Fit though. Excellent material. I've bought 2 of these, and will probably get some more.", "I really love this shirt. I bought 2 of them and could not be more happy with them. Material is light and breaths. They look good and fit good. I might buy another one. I washed them both several times and they did not shrink at all so the fit is still perfect.", "I would recommend this for someone looking for a good sports tshirt that runs smooth on your skin. I cannot say if the Dri-Fit technology of Nike is something extraordinary, that i do not know. However, it is a good tshirt for the price.", "Great product as always. Just note that these run a little big. I found that one size smaller will fit perfect. Other than that, overall great product.", "It was OK when I wore it but after a while I discovered that it seemed to attract more white particles", "Good quality workout tee. Wear it all the time, keeps me dry, looks nice, barely shrinks if u hang dry it, and shipped to me quickly. Another awesome transaction with Nike. Thanks", "I wear it as an undershirt for the gym.However the next time, I will just wear this shirtI sweat a lot so the cotton shirts become heavy and look awful.This material is great. I have to see how it fit after a few washes to give it a higer rating.", "Light and airy - but it doesn't fit as well as UA stuff - not sure why - thus the 3 stars - I'll use it for work outs.", "I work out outside the southeast and generally speaking when it is humid none of the 5 other brands I have tried help much with heat and humidity. The N dry-Fit is very inexpensive compared to other top of the line wickking type shirts I have worn over the years and works as good or better than them too. I woulds highly recommend these shirts to anyone who needs a comfortable wicking shirt at a great price point.", "Loved this shirt. It fit great and it arrived on time in perfect condition and in the right amount of packaging. I was very pleased.", "this i a light shirt it would be great to wear in the summernice to wear in lots of places.bought several nice nike t-shirts these is as goodas anyone knows you can't beat nike shirts,shoes or anything with nike on it if there are something wrongWalmart will replace it they have great return policy.nike you have qualityBILL MARTIN", "Most comfortable shirt ever, arrived very quickly, what more could you ask for, except would like to have more color choices!", "when i recieve the air max 2009 they were brand new still in the box they fit very comfortable and they are just what i wanted i have no complaints", "I previously had a pair of these Nike running shoes, and I was very satisfied with their style, performance, support, and appearance, therefore I chose to get another pair to replace them.  I received them in a timely manner from the merchant without any hassles.", "I train a lot so I go through a new pair of running shoes every six to eight months.  The first thing I look for in a shoe is comfort, the next thing is support, and the Moto Max 8 has both.  I have wide feet and I was amazed that they fit snug without smashing my feet.  It also had firm and well distributed cushioning so didn't feel like I was lifting little weights when I ran.  Over all it's a great shoe & with a great fit!", "I've had these shoes for a couple of years. It's the 2nd time I've purchased the Nike Air Max Moto line. A few months ago, I bought a couple of other pairs of shoes because it was time to retire my old worn Motos. But, I found myself coming back these shoes. I wear them everywhere. I hate to mow the lawn in them, but they're sooo comfortable. I'm going to have to find another pair of Air Max Motos to replace them.", "I am a fan of Nike shox shoes. They dampen the impact when running and save my knees. This model fits perfectly.", "These are so light and comfortable. My new favorite pair of shoes.", "They are perfect! Couldn't ask for any better", "Fit perfect for me (9.5).  Nice and light weight but not flimsy like some super-light shoes that Nike makes.  Excellent for urban running and jogging, dog walking, etc.", "Was hard to judge by the picture that only small strips of leather are used in construction everything else is synthetic material.The show is light.Sizes on a smaller scale - beware.Overall not too bad.", "I am a mid-distance runner (up to half marathons). I used to buy Nike Air Relentless, then Air Relentless 2, and now Air Relentless 3.  I wish Nike would just keep selling the same sneaker every year instead of constantly changing the name/design.  I buy new sneakers 2 or 3 times a year. I have found a sneaker that fits me well but every year I have to wonder if the 'new' design will still be good for my feet.", "very pleased with them. Extremely comfortable and light weight.", "He really liked them and said they were very comfortable.", "Got these for my husband who has flat feet and uses arch supports. He loves them, and was happy to find that the Nike size 12 fits universally with other shoes he's bought in the past.", "This is my absolute favorite running shoe of all time.  Nike's Zoom Vomero +5 and +6 just do not work for me like these +4s.  They are very hard to find at this point, so I was thrilled when they became available through Amazon.", "i've had them for a good 7 months now and wear them almost everyday, and they are still holding up nicely. this is a good investmen", "These are exactly what I expected. Fantastic. The colors are very brilliant and eye catching, something that seems to be a popular trait these days. The boots have very modern innovations down to the laces which are non-slip and do not come loose easily during game play but also have the old school feel and fit. The cleats are well positioned allowing great balance and best of all the boots are very light weight. One minor complaint is that scuff marks do not come off easily but unless you are fussy about having your boots shiny and new every time you play this shouldn't really matter. All in all a great buy.", "I wore this size before in another shoe, but this one was too small. nonetheless they were gracious and gave me a refund when i returned it.", "If you wear 11, take 11 1/2", "Hard to find a shoe in size 15! Can always depend on Nike and Amazon to have what I need", "Always love nikes they fit perfectly on my foot and allways support the arch. I am using them to run in AFghanistan soo i am impressed with the quality and high durability of the product. Thanks nike!", "Shoes needed to be white/blue, so this is the best choice offered by Nike.  Light, with good grip for quick cuts and explosive moves.", "I bought this for a gift for my husband. He loved it and they really look so good. What a great value the regular price is crazy it was a great saving buying them on Amazon.", "I went to NIKE.COM to purchase these glasses after I saw them on Michele Wee. Then I went to Amazon.com and they were $40.00 cheeper brand new.  They arrived in a timley manner and were light weight and look awesome.  Very happy with the purchase!  Amazon is amazing! If you are a golfer, you will love this glasses.  Cuts the sunlight, looks good and you don't even know you have them on.", "Size, price and design. Can't complaint. The lense color is a little darker than in the picture. It has a nice feel and are very light, quite confortable. Used it while riding my quad of rough roads, fits with helmet on too. Great buy.", "Wow", "I cannot complain about anything...fits nicely...very light....use to get shin splints often.....now that is a thing of the past.....I love them....", "Great pair of gym shoes, couldn't be happier to have them. I wear them to the gym and with casual clothing. These are very comfortable shoes.", "I ordered 7.5 and it fits perfectly! I really like this shoes! pretty,confortable and good material. Nike are the best", "Look nice and light too we love it.to going jog!!!!", "I had previously ordered two pair and have been wearing one then the other one of them has been tearing at the end of the leather part by my little toe the hole is getting larger. I do not know why it ripped? So I got another pair and will use these for my general purpose shoe.But I like these my heal usual hurts a little with new shoes and it did not happen with these!They have good support and feel good to wear", "In the picture looks black. It's dark blue, but I like it! Of you're looking for bright colors, this is the one!:)", "I have other Nike shoes, but these seem to run small.  I love the look of them, but I should have gone with an 8.  Unfortunately, I wore them around the neighborhood before realizing they were too small so I can't return them.", "Great shoes.", "They are exactly what I wanted fits great", "Love these shoes! Super comfy and very lightweight...perfect for my workouts, whether at the gym or at home just chillin and colors are so bright!", "my sister love it", "This is a cute pair of workout shoes that I wear to boot camp and just casually running my errands. I'm usually between a size 8 and size 8.5, but with sneakers I wear a size 8. I originally ordered the size 8 from Amazon, but they were too tight, so I had to exchange to an 8.5. If you're teetering between half sizes, get the larger one.", "These were a great deal for Nikes and have the level of comfort and performance I expect from Nike. Added bonus: pop of color with the laces.", "Did not like them at all.  They were too big and uncomfortable .  Nice colors though.  I did return them.", "My daughter says when we go on walks that I look sexy! These sneakers are so comfortable I bought both of my daughters a pair for Christmas!", "The perfect cross trainer. Light and fits like a glove. True to Nike sizing. The hot pink laces adds just the right amount of pop. $55 is a great price!!!!", "great shoe and looks better then on the pictures, also better price then in stores. easy to clean and great for running", "Lots of comfort for the lots of walking my daughter did while at World Youth Day in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", "love the shoes, they fit well and look good.  I think if you are looking for a comfortable pair of shoes these are it.", "They look exactly like the picture & the fit is perfect! It arrived a day earlier than I was quoted & I absolutely love them! A littttle bit of pressure on my heels, but the support of the shoe is over all very good. Buy buy buy!", "The color is cool! Really love it. The reason I choose Nike is that it's very light. I like wear it every time I do sports. Great!", "Too narrow but work", "The instep is small and I have a narrow foot.  I just make sure I wear a thin sock and it fits better. If you use these for running, they won't provide a lot of cushion. They are fine for walking and the gym. Very lightweight!", "These were purchased as a pair of shoes to use only at the gym.  They are comfortable and support my feet as all of my previous Nike shoes have.", "My daughter loves theses shoes and she tells me they feel light and comfortable. I have ordered her 2 pair and both have done well without any issues. She likes the pink and black the best so check them out first.", "These shoes are tight and the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it has a red stripe and I'm a blue person but if you want some sweet kicks these are the shoes to go with!", "These shoes are the best! I use them for work and cannot imagine using any other shoe. Wearing them is like going barefoot yet they are suprisingly rugged too. I am on my feet 10-12 hours a day and the support these give is amazing. 2 thumbs up!", "bought this plaid blazer shoe for my daughter, wow, is it sexy or what?, she really loves it, plus it looks so hot on her foot, now she wants other colors of the same shoe, boy amazon's gonna be getting a lot more of my hard earned cash now. PS. i highly recommend this shoe to anyone looking for a great gift for a girlfriend or kid, cause they don't seem to come in very large sizes, great build quality also, well after all it is a NIKE.", "My daughter played on the varsity basketball team as well as AAU Club basketball.  She loved these shoes because they are so light, but also have ankle support as she has ankle troubles.", "Bought these shoes as a cheap/retro option as opposed to spending like 100 bucks on 90's Air Max shoes. These shoes are awesome, tons of compliments, and I even go to work in them-so comfortable.", "i ordered this for my husband and they fit him perfectly. They are 100% real and authentic...they are worth buying", "The clear overall is great, although it a little stiff feeling when dribbling. Other than that the clear is worth the price. Does chafe a little", "Fits well good footing noticed during games and drills. Have worn varying brands and these are a good fit for me", "Excellent sneaker and conford for big kids, I recommend these shoes to anyone and specialy a great buy and price .", "these are my first pair of Jordanans and i was amazed at the level of quality i received. also they don't have so much going on with designs that you cant wear them out somewhere nicer.", "really good for the people that like the older shoes but crease alot. also very light weight and breathe easly", "My husband LOVES this golf shirt.  The quality is fantastic and the color is perfect for summer golf.  He can't wait to wear this the next time he goes out! Seems to fit true to size.  Love it!", "Love my shoes amazing", "I wanted to buy these shoes long time ago, but was afraid to do it online.  However, the seller's reviews conviced me and I bought the shoes.  They are perfect! Fast shipping as well!!!", "So comfy.....", "I was expecting more of a cheer type shoe but it still works. I'll be spending a lot of time in them so at least they are comfortable.", "I've been wearing these shoes for over a year. I've wore them fir my zumba or jazzercise classes and to walk around every day on the go. They look cool and are very comfy!", "This shoes run very big to size and I found they have little support.  I bought them for my Zumba classes but really don't like them.", "I love the color. The shoes are real comfortable. The price is reasonable. I would recommend. I love my slides. Thank you", "the picture is not showing its right color.  it looks red in the picture but it's pinkish, had to return it.", "After reading previous reviews, I went along with what everyone said and ordered half a size bigger.  It fits like a glove and has become my favorite sneaker right not.  It just feels like  a sock.", "the colors are beautiful & they are very comfortable. There are no need for socks :)the only CON is the ankle is extremely tight and I have very small ankles so I don't know how anyone with big ankles would adjust to this shoe.", "Good shoe but there is nothing spectacular about them like I thought it would be. They fit like a glove though and no socks needed which is new. I found the shoe to be really tight and hot with socks but the fit is perfect without them. Order your normal size", "It is excellent product, soft and comfortable but  it is necessary to buy a half size larger. Should say it somewhere.", "Our whole family has been very impressed with the Nike &#34;free&#34; style of running shoe. They are very comfortable and hold up well. I expect these will be no different.", "bought this in my normal shoe size, but can barely squeeze my feet in; the top is really tight and the entire shoe seems really small; had to return it...too bad...", "Best shoes I've ever bought! Worth every penny! Great for running and they feel amazing! Love the fit... Love it!", "This is my first pair of Nike sneakers.  I like the fit, it's snug, I ordered 1/2 size larger than what I normally wear.The shoes arrived much earlier than expected.", "Thank you ..love the shoe..to anyone who wants to buy one , please buy it as one size larger than your original size", "I like it! But the ankle area is too tight after run, maybr shoulf hv chosen a size bigger!! I want a white one", "happy", "These shoes are amazing. They are by far my favorite sneaker to date and I'm am avid runner. I received them on time and couldn't be happier. They are true to advertisement.", "Lovely shoe. Great for indoor activities or a nice smooth track, if you run outdoors with it you get little rocks in the sole which could take a while to get out. Overall its a great shoe. Only bad point is that it not too good on the knee", "Love them!", "This was the easiest shoe shopping I have done. I don't like going into crowded mall and stores so this was good for me.", "It is probably a good pair of shoes for a person with narrow to medium width feet.Little too tight for wide feet.I like the style though.", "Best running shoe ever", "They were a little to big but other then that Very confortable and they look great so I would recommend this to others just get a half size smaller then your normal boot size", "Used these for a trail run, street run and treadmill. These shoes are so heavy but they DO absorb the road fairly well. As a comparison, I went out for a run with my other basic Asics and these actually did put less of a strain on my feet but my ankles were killing me afterwards. Again, they are heavy but actually do thier job. If you don't mind the weight, these are not bad.", "wonderful fit", "it was very nice test to choose, my son like it too much he want to keep on all the day", "No regrets with this product, this classic style looks great with some nice Buckle jeans but personally wouldn't ware with shorts.", "I brought these shoes for no more than $30 at Acadamy Sports And Outdoors.The product is a five star but for $50 dollars is not a good deal.pros:improved my game and are comfortablecons:the price for them so go to academy. Get dirty easily because of white color.", "i love these shoes i bought them for my brother to play volleyball and it works great it had semi ankle support for landing when he jumps and great endurance with the jumping", "I love these shoes. I still haven't wore them. & Next time you're selling a shoe use the right pic.", "I really, really wanted to love these shoes and wear them in my first 50k trail race.  They look super and fit great. Unfortunately, with each run they proved to be a mismatch with my running style and/or anatomy.I don't consider that a fault of the shoe per se, as I know they will perform great for another type of runner.The Wildhorse has been reassigned as a cool casual shoe for me.  But if you can get a pair through someone who offers free return or exchanges after a test period then I say give them a shot!", "Got my Nike Goadome to climb Mt Washington,It was my first pair of trekking boots. First, the fit was perfect with a thick pair of sox. I Went there on a crazy rainy day, the grip was great I climb to the top in 3hours no problem.But when I got down I lost myself and got stock for a couple hours In the woods which was way to tough for the boots.After 3hours of extreme trekking I lost the insole on the right shoes and walk for another 2hours the left one detach (still in the woods). Finally found my way back to the road.But my boots were dead on their first day.So if you want a do serious trekking get something else.Contact Sole Palace they were awesome refund when they got the boots.Hope it help", "I usually LOVE Special K but for some reason I only got 2 pieces in the box and it tasted like rubber.", "These shoes better fit you perfectly and your feet can't sweat, because it's heavy plastic-type material that doesn't flex, like leather does, and there are no \"breathing holes\" to allow air in or out.A definite \"no\" for wider feet.Not worth the time or money.  I had trouble contacting the company to return them, too.", "Good fit.  It has reversible spikes that you can change to a different length of spike if desired.  They appear to be a quality shoe, but we will see once the season begins how durable they are....stay tuned.", "I previously had a pair of the FG version of these, and loved them... now I have the SG for wet and muddy fields.  They fit well, feel great, and behave just as the FG's.", "Somewhat narrow .", "Nice quality shoes, look sharp. Super narrow fit at toes, had to return.", "Didn't feel right from beginning", "Great looking shoe!! The color is just beautiful and the comfort is great.What a great buy.Very pleased with my purchase.", "i love it", "Just as described!", "The unique thing that we can comment is that everything I arrive in its correct order, time of delivery and excellent product.Thank you for your amiable collaboration and serviceCecilia Lopez", "I bought this shoe 2 months ago and i love everything about it. I spend 10hrs a day on my feet, and these shoes make a whole world of difference.", "great colorway for the airmax 90. one of my favorites of the many many pairs that i own and wear.", "I only by Air Max shoes. These were the ones i have been wanting for a while. The fit just right and the order was super fast! Fits like a glove on my feet", "This item came a day later!!! The sneakers fit perfect! I did not expect them so quickly!! Very pleased customer!", "EXELENTE SERVICIO DE ENVIO Y CALIDAD, LOS ZAPATOS SON MUY BUENOS DE MUCHA CALIDAD Y MUY LIVIANO PARA AQUELLOS QUE QUIEREN GANAR UN POQUITO DE VELOCIDAD. RECOMENDADO EL PRODUCTO Y EL VENDEDOR 100 %.", "I have been looking for these shoes since I saw them @ footlocker over a year ago...then I could not find them anywhere, but thanks to amazon they are now on my feet!shoes were new but...It looked as though someone had tried them on! still a good buy though,", "I don't often write glowing reviews, but these shoes really impressed me. I've had knee and ankle pain for years from running, and I always tolerated and struggled through it. I always figured that the pain would subside after I lost just a little more weight, or strengthened my legs a little more.I've tried:Vibram 5 FingersNewtonsAsics KayanoMizuno (some fairly neutral soft sole)None of those worked for me. In truth, the Vibram 5 fingers I may just not be ready for yet. The Newtons are nice for the first 3 miles or so, but made my calves cramp up after that since they try to force a constant forefoot strike. That form may be ideal if you're a 160 lb marathoner, but if you're a 225 lb guy, it's not a sustainable running form - at least not for me.This is a very stable shoe. Almost like a very light weight cross trainer. I find that when I run with these, I have a midfoot strike which is perfect for me. Most supportive running shoes I've tried have a higher heel that causes a heel strike - exacerbating knee pains. This shoe also doesn't have any of that really annoying arch support crap that just causes blisters on your instep. It seems to correct pronation by some sort of magic that I haven't figured out yet. I even stopped using my prescribed foot orthotics with these. I run better and more comfortably without them.I wouldn't tell you to rush out and buy these because everyone's different. Though I will tell you that if you're a runner with knee, ankle, or pronation issues, these shoes should be at the top of your list of shoes to try out the next time you're at a running shoe store.", "muy buena calidad la de esta chaqueta, 100% original y garantizado, no tengo ninguna queja relacionado con este producto, a todos les encanta mi nueva chaqueta...", "In a very short time the bottom of these shoes separated, and my big toe came through the upper. Name brands like Nike are not always the best. This is one of those times.", "este fue en regalo para mi esposa, lo unico de lo que ella se queja es que en la parte de abajo son muy apretadas y durante todo el dia provocan cansancio.", "You rarely see a Nike symbol and Air Jordan symbol on the same shoe, but these shoes are fresh. Get compliments on them all the time. They look good with anything, definitely worth the purchase. (Picture makes the shoes look like they have a touch of down syndrome but when you wear them they look like they have 23 chromosomes).", "These are exactly what you're looking for if you are an active individual that tends to sweat a lot in your sneakers. They fit perfect on my size 12 foot, they came as advertised, and they definitely help absorb the sweat the normally would have soaked my feet while playing sports.In fact, these are so effective I've begun wearing them casually.", "They seemed very tight when I put them on, but the fit is very comfortable and you really don't notice it once you're on your feet. The thing I like most about them is my feet don't get hot and even very sweaty. This is important when working out in the Texas heat.", "Sorry, Nike... I want to like you, but just cannot!  I tried to wear you over and over, and just not enough shoe for my comfort.  I know it is supposed to fit \"like a sock\" and feel like nothing, but neither of those are true for me in this case.Went with the vibram five finger to get THAT feel!", "I received a completely different shoe,I got black and white Nikes .not even CLOSE to what I wanted!!! Hate them", "Super stylish very comfortable and I love them. Shipment was fast and price was also reasonable for these retro air max 90' no complaints :)", "I like these shoes the best I love these shoes they was the best I ever bought from you all I like the color of them alot", "I got these for 55$ in gator skin green, golden edition. These shoes look amazing and feel great out on the court. Best shoe purchase in months", "My husband bought this and didn't realize that it is NOT the form-fitting running vest that he usually buys from Nike. Apparently, that one is like $20 more if you want slim-fit. Now unfortunately we're stuck with an extra-wide running vest that we can't return because it came from the UK and by the time it came in the mail, our return window from the purchase date had expired.", "These are great.  They really do what they're supposed to do.  Functional, stylish.  You feel and look good in them.  Breathes well.", "Es muy liviana. Comoda y se ajusta muy bien para cualquier actividad deportiva. El precio es bastante atractivo. Recomendamos este producto.", "Bought these for my husband and he loves them, but they run small. I had to return and get a whole size bigger.", "This is a great shoe.I am athletic and  I have a narrow size 9 womens foot, and these are even a bit tight on me in the width.. so if you have a normal or wide foot, these are definetly not for you - as for style, I love the basic black w/ gray - I can put neon laces in them, and they look cool. And as for comfort, I do find the tongue to hit my ankle a little wierd while walking, causing it to rub and be irritating, but the cushion of the shox, and the soles, are very soft and offers a lot of support and cushion while walking. I did not run in these shoes, they are a bit heavy for that, and the all leather makes them not very breathable. Overall for everyday walking shoe, I love these, and I got a great deal on Amazon with fast shipping.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I've owned. Great ankle support. Just overall great basketball shoes. A must buy at any age.", "If you want to be unique, in fashion, and promote your personal style, these Nike Flexon Eyeglasses with Magnet Clip will definitely make a statement anywhere you go . I have six Nike Flexons with Mag-Clip in different styles and colors and again the thing is \" ALWAYS BE UNIQUE \" .", "I suppose I bought one of the last pairs of these shoes.  When I couldn't find any of these shoes in Las Vegas (yes, even at Nike Outlet stores), I turned online.  Found out they are disco'd.  Too bad.  They look nice and will go with anything I wear.  Very casual, but can be very dressy depending on the clothes.  They are light in weight and flexible once they are broken in.  But they take a few weeks to break in, and during that period, they were not comfortable because the tongue was hard and dug into the front of my ankle with every step.  But now they're great.", "Feel comfortable and cozy.Since I bought them I've received many compliments.Look like shown at websiteVery happy with my purchase!", "Fit is good, arrived on time and I love the look. Will probably order again in the future. More colors in this style would be nice.", "I like them alot i didnt know how they would fit but they fit perfectly i love them for basketball", "Came when it said it would. Fits and looks as advertised.", "great shoes", "Very satisfied that my son was so happy when he received his nike gloves and was able to sport them to school to show his friends.", "A pair of Nike Women's T-Lite VIII Leather It's a nice item, cool appearance and color. It's totally comfortable for walking and jogging http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004LBNPMY/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title", "Sorry but this shoe was too narrow and the leather was more like vinyl. I live in a state where the climate is usually always hot so my shoes need to have lots of mesh ventilation. I could not really tell what the show was like by the photo but thanks anyway.", "Love these shoes , fit well and extremely comfy!  I will for sure purchase from here again when I need another pair ..fast delivery too!", "the socks are comfortable.  Items arrived as described.  I would recommend these socks as they are value for money.  They provide good support.", "Amazon showed socks as size 10-13 and shipped by QUIKSHIP. Order arrived within 4 buisness days, but the socks were loose in a bag that had a hole in it inside a postal envelope. The size was 8-12, the order form also showed 8-12. They were shipped from Onaina (yes, we now are dealing with 3 different entities for some socks). The return policy looks like a nightmare and I have to pay return shipping!", "I purchased these 2010 Air Max's while I was deployed in 2011-2012... I really loved how they went with the PT Uniform. Aside from that, they are Air Max, so you gotta know that the fit and comfort level of the shoe was phenomenal as always. I am a big Air Max fan. I went with the 2010's instead of the 2011's because I thought that the 2010's had a better look during my online search. I later seen a pair of the 2011's and I was very upset with my decision. However, I do still own the 2010's and I am still happy with them. I will probably look into purchasing the 2012 Air Max's here very soon. If you have never owned a pair of Air Max tennis shoes before then it is time that you get a pair. They are great for running and just plain old grueling gym workouts.", "These shorts are great... they look good, you can't beat the quality, it's Nike. What else is there to say? Well, the sizing on these is on the small side. For example, the small size fit and look great on my son, who just turned 12, is 5'5\" and 130 lbs. So, how these men's shorts would fit on a man is somewhat questionable, unless he's a really small man. You may want to order a size up, just saying.", "up to know i did not recieved my son shoe thats terrible and today is the12th august  thats not good at all", "this item really good have it for some time now an it really is a great product no regrets buying this item", "This shoe is really comfortable and, of course, the Nike name and logo are really nice. The only drawback is in the front of the shoe. The laces never really hold the front of the shoe evenly. There is a bowing affect near the front of the shoe. This is a minor imperfection that nobody but me probably notices. But, I am not used to it from Nike. Other than that, a great shoe and good value for the price.", "I bought these shoes to play basketball on some of NYCs courts. Great quality. They felt much better than my sneakers and they're a good cut around the ankle, not too low, not too high. I felt as though I could jump higher in these shoes. The price is great and the style is there. Basic, simply basketball shoe providing everything you need to enjoy the game and not go home with insane blisters / sore knees etc. I would highly recommend these to anybody who doesn't want to spend over the top for the top of the line product, but is willing to settle for a great product none the less.", "These are good, middle of the road boots.  As others have said, they run almost a full size small.  As a guide, I normally wear 11 1/2 in shoes like this that I want snug to prevent slipping.  So I ordered these in 12s, and they are still just a bit tight, but doable.", "Love these. Very comfortable,  stylish. Colors work well together. I'm not a runner, maybe bursts while jogging,  but they work for all my exercise needs. Sturdy, well made. As expected from Nike.", "My son was very happy with this shirt. He now has two of them. Light weight material but I let them hang dry. No dryer.", "Cuando ordene los zapatos dec&iacute;a que era del modelo Nike Lady Rongbuk Gore-Tex Waterproof Walking Shoes y el unico color disponible era el Color Name: Grey Pink, pero al recibir los zapatos me encontr&eacute; que eran totalmente diferente al producto mostrado en las fotos, el modelo que recib&iacute; es nike wmns Rongbuk gtx color flint grey / black-wineberry que es totalmente diferente en apariencia y color al ofertado, no recomiendo para nada al vendedorWhen ordering shoes it was the model Rongbuk Nike Lady Waterproof Gore-Tex Walking Shoes and the only color available was \"Color Name: Grey Pink\", but when  received the shoes, I found was it completely different from the product shown in the photos, the model I received is WMNS nike gtx Rongbuk color flint gray / black-Wineberry that is totally different in appearance and color to offered, not recommend for anything this seller. I am so upset because lost my money, and the policy of returns for this seller says \"When you receive your item you have up to 28 days to change your mind and send it back to us in the UK.\" is so expensive thast imposible for me to return it.", "I could wear them with almost anything! I like the low top with support they provide this is a great pair of shoes to have in your closet.", "Good arch, comfortable top fit, and no hard leather or plastic rubbing blisters on my foot. I bought these for myself for father's day. I have been picky about my sandals. I had adidas with velcro(hard leather on top blistered my toe). I avoided velcro type sandals this time. I saw other solorsoft shoes, but not like this one. This has a good arch, a soft top that does not leave blisters or rub. This is the best of the Nike Solorsoft. I shopped 6 shoe stores for sandals. I found these particular ones in JCPenny. I could not find these anywhere else. I may need to buy another pair. My main concern for this shoe is the bottom will wear out within 4 months.", "I bought these for my son - he loves them.  He thanks me everyday for them.  He says they are very comfortable and soft on his feet.", "these are my second pair of slides. I thoroughly enjoy wearing them! Very comfortable !! I hope they continue to make them for a long, long time !", "Understanding that these are not sized or branded as wide, I still thought I'd be ok as I've owned Nike slide style flip flops in the past. Not so- these are for normal to narrow feet and even after wearing these for about a month, they still don't fit (no break in at all).", "I like the sandal fit, although the top fits a bit snug it will likely become somewhat looser with wear. Comfort for everyday wear & running errands", "I got these for my daughter so she'd have something to slip into easyally when she at home just chillin.. She has them on every day. She likes how they fit plus the color they R.Thanks...", "However, the quality is not as nike used to be...  I simply glued back the tears and they have held ever since...  They could stand to have them factory reinforced rather than me doing it...  Came as promised", "I bought a pair of Benassi Solarsoft slides in the Black/Black-Dark Grey color earlier this year at Kohl's and LOVE them.  Cushy soles and very comfortable strap across the foot.I saw this color scheme on Amazon and though since they were the same brand and style they would be identical except for the color.  WRONG!!!!This version is made in China (the Black/Black-Dark Greys are made in Vietnam) and the soles are MUCH harder and the straps across the foot are WAY less cushioned.  Very uncomfortable!Here's the bottom line - THIS VERSION IS THE SAME QUALITY AS THE $5 SLIDES YOU CAN PICK UP AT WALMART!!If you are looking at these slides, get the Black/Black-Dark Greys!", "Greatest freakin sandal ever. if u don't have em get them. its like walkin on a cloud every time u slide them on. And better yet the construction of them makes them durable.", "They fit as expected, i will be ordering more soon.", "These are DOOOPE!!!! I dont think I ever got in to a softer pair of slippers in my life  too good", "I bought these sandals after having a positive experience with my last pair of nike sandals. The solarsoft provide amazing arch support.  I wore these on a recent trip in which I walked nearly 5 miles each day.  My arches were well supported, and feet cushioned from the rugged terrain. Highly recommend!  Also the ridges on the sandals allow for comfort.  Last the design of the sandal and color allows the sandal to be versatile, allowing me the wear it with many different outfits.", "They ok not like the pic", "These sandles are super comfortable. They have so much padding on the bottom and it has a texture that makes them feel like you are \"wearing a massage.\" There is also padding under the strap. These are also one of the only slides that actually stay on your feet when you run. These are awesome!!!! (an 11 year old wrote this)", "Perfect for in the house daily use. Very comfortable with padding under the strap. Worth spending a few extra bucks.", "My husband is picky about these sorts of sandals.  These sandals arrived promptly, fit exactly as hoped.  My husband likes them a lot.  They are soft and give a little of a cushioned effect.  The surface material has a bit of an unusual feel to it, almost as if your foot feels cool and moist.  The top loop is stitched to the bottom, not just glued, which is unusual.  Very well made.", "This was a birthday request for my grandson. It was the last one in his size. Glad I found this online. He will be excited.", "These slides are very sturdy and durable but yet very comfortable at the same time. Last year I got the black and red ones and I liked them a lot so this year I got the Navy and Light blue pair.I use these for the ocean, pool, or just to ealk around in. Great slides", "it's bought for my son, and he wishes they were a little wider.  He had Jordan's sandals, and they were wider.", "Fits very well even for wide feet as myself. Extremely comfortable making you feel well during short walks or simply for chilling.", "I regret buying these sandals.  The slide's cut into the top of my feet and aren't well thought out.  I bought one Adidas instead...", "You'll never beat Amazons prices. This cleat was $45 more in the stores. If you're searching for Nike products at an affordable price....look no further. Awesome buy folks!", "I've had them for 2 1/2 years, I wear them almost everyday and still look brand new.", "I love how the shoes look.  They are cute as hell.  I normally wear a 6 in kids but after reading the reviews before ordering, I ordered a 6,5.  I still feel like I should have gotten a 7.  They are very tight at first but after 4 months of wearing them they have loosened and gotten comfortable. I have to wear very thin socks with them to insure comfort.  The ankle is high in the back and can irritate your sick.  I also suggest taking the top hole shoe lace out for more comfort.  I ended up buying this same shoe again a month later in black and lime.  I got those in a 7 and they fit wonderful.  So going up a size would not hurt.  FYI....I bought my husband the Men's Nike Air Griffey Max 1 Training Shoes in an 11 from FinishLine and they ran small too.  He wears a 10, I bought an 11 and still had to get an 11.5!! Hope this helps!!", "They are perfect.... nice, fashion and very confortable!Original, non seen nowhere.Skinny leather adjust to feet perfectly.Easy to clean.Silver and black goes/matches with all clothes.", "One of the shoe has a different color than the other one good luck on your buy they fit good but different color", "Good to be a part of this transaction. Cant wait for more in the future when i need to shop more in the sneaker dept.", "They are great and comfortable shoes.... Also it is an awsome price! I honestly loved them and plus the shoes and good looking shoes", "Very nice but kinda small. . . The size ordered was correct but i guess the styyke requires you to order a latger size. . . . .", "The produc.swt came in faster than expected so im happy with my purchase and got to save some cash, now that's sweet.", "FELT TOO SMALL AT FIRST. BUT AFTER A FEW TRIALS ON THE CARPET THEY ADJUSTED VERY WELL. I WILL KEEP THEM.", "There are somewhat small in the laterals.", "I never thought I'd get to wear this shoe, but now it's available once more and I love them! Air max 1 rules!", "i don't like these shoes much. they left my feet in pain. i love nike shoes so i will continue to buy them. but these specifically...NEVER AGAIN.", "Air Max are a great shoe and overall this one is no different except it is completely NON BREATHABLE, it's a strange TARP like material where most AIr Max have a breathable mesh, the resultant foot sweating is uncomfortable to say the least, not a summer option at all really. The fact the material is non breathable is not apparent from photos on the web highlights the fact that online shopping has a ways to go over real inspection of clothing and footwear in advance of purchase. I will probably not return them as I can wear them during the winter but had I known they were not breathable I would not have bought them", "These fit great, ordered a half size up as expected and the fit was good. These are great overall sneakers, very comfy and I love to wear them. Definitely recommend any pair of Air Max 1s.", "It's seems to be very narrow and fits pretty tight.  It's always a challenge to buy shoes online.  Sometimes it's the luck of the draw since shoe companies seem to not follow any standards to sizing.", "I really like these shoes, but they are quite tight in the toe box. I would suggest getting a half size larger or a wide size. Also, the laces seem a little too short, at least for me. The tightness is not as bothersome as long as I'm walking, but if I'm standing or sitting for more than a few hours they start to get annoyingly tight. Hopefully they stretch out over time.", "design was ok and cmfortable as I expected cuz its NIKE AIR, but shoe strings are too short, and price was little high(?).Still was good", "Very comfortable and light. These are some of the better basketball sneakers I've owned. My only problem was in first putting them on the right shoe hurt my pinky toe (bad) I don't know if just through wearing them did that change but I don't have that problem anymore", "I luv these Nikes so much so that I got them in blue & this cherry color! They fit like a glove. Had to order a half size lger but they are even perfect for nearly flat feet. Unlike nike shox that I owned in past these did not become damaged just from washing them so worth every penny.", "super light and very good reliable shoes to run in. the technology in the shoes are great. i have loved them ever since i bought them.", "I read all the reports about Asics/Brooks/New Balance being the top running shoes, so I tried them all. I used to get shin splints and would have to limit my running. My friend gave me these shoes, because they didn't quite fit her foot, and I've bought Nike Pegasus ever since. Great support, great cushion. No problem with shin splints, until they get towards the end of their life. Highly recommend these shoes.", "great shoes that fit well and hold up to the abuse of a full time janitor using strong chemicals and lots of walking", "The shoes came punctually on second day after ordering. They fit perfectly- may run a bit small. We ordered 6.5 for my son who currently wears size 6 to have some time, but he doesnt have too much room to spare. They look really great and he says they feel amazing- support and comfort , like on air. He just started performance/ cross-training .Good choice and the price is right.", "I recently purchased these football cleats for my son. They are wonderful and offers great ankle support and a fantastic cleat pattern. Go Nike! Great job and designing these shoes!", "Excellent looking shoe", "I bought these sun glasses for my outside adventures. I run with them on, ride bike, etc. They are light weight, and stay in place. I can jump around, and the glasses don't bounce around on my face at all. I would recommend them to anyone who wants a pair of sun glasses for outside fun. They look great too.", "La bota recibida, se ve mejor en f&iacute;sico que en foto, a mi hijo le encanto, excelente zapato y excelente vendedor, llego en la fecha pautada.", "When these shoes came in, I fainted! they are very clean aand nicee. Definitely a getter without any hesitation.They exterior is nice, and the comfort is decent. They look nice with Levi Jeans cuffed up, I'd really recommend this product if you are thinking about purchasing it.", "I love them the straps can be a little tight at the top just unbuckle it this will give you a cool look.", "Great shoes, very happy with the purchase of these.  Received as described, which was a pleasure. These shoes are difficult to find in my size, so I was excited to find these.  Great pricing and convenient shipping.", "Shoes arrived earlier than promised and were as good as expected.  Very satisfied! I wish there was more to add but there isn't.", "-----The Good Stuff------good looks, low profile-great shoes for skating with a boat shoe look-good grip, simple and basic design-good price-the treads barely wear down-good heal protection-----The Not So Good Stuff------impact support is not that great-the shoes are thin-padding around the tongue and collar is minimal-shoe lace rip pretty easily-----Other Comments------they run pretty true to their size-great shoe overall-a little bit much for the price but I am really satisfied with the shoes", "fine", "My wife is a nurse and absolutely loves these shoes.  If I can make the wife happy, I'm happy.  Great product.", "I got these because I am on my feet all day at work and have heel trouble.  I have used many of the Nike shox but the air shox were a new product for me.  Usually shoes only last a few months before my feet start to hurt again.  Currently on the 5th month and have not seen any change in comfort since the first day.", "This the first time purchasing sneaker online for son, and when I got, it fit a little big but I really needed to but a half size since toddler are always growing, now its fits perfect", "Not one of the more expensive NIKE shoes, but definately very comfortable, durable and supports my feet during my training. Love them may buy every collor available", "I love these socks, in as much as anyone can get excited about socks. I have size 11 feet and they're a good fit. The left and right are specifically tailored which I didn't expect (one has an L and the other R stitched into it). For summer these are perfect, I'm buying more.", "My husband swears by these socks........he claims best socks on the market. Would recommend them for anyone!!! Try and you will see why!", "I had high hopes after reading some of the other reviews, but these socks like all other anklet socks I have tried bundled up in the bottom of my shoe.", "Basically I received a defective batch of these socks. I contacted the company, 3balls golf, and they emailed me next day to let me know they were processing my refund! Thanks for not making the transaction a nightmare. Kudos on your customer service! 3 bals golf gets 5 stars from me, but I have to take a star off because the product was defective.", "it is a good product but i'd like that it was a 100% cotton, after all it's ok for me", "Purchased the shoes for my son who is a participant in summer track. He loves them- fits true to size. Search various website and department store. This was the best buy.", "When will there be more for size 6 because I really want to buy these shoes I've waited almost 2 weeks to get paid so I can buy them but they are sold out I get paid this this Friday please get more please!!!!!", "Always have loved the Cortez style shoe. The shoes fit great and are comfortable as well. Thanks for holding up your end of the product. :)", "I bought it for me, size is a little bigger... Fortunately my son likes the design and color combination and it fits exactly. I will buy again one size smaller", "Fits great and is extremely durable. After every exercise day I wash it and dry it. No issues with holes or tearing. Great buy...", "I run at least three times a week and skorts on my favorite above shorts. This phone is cute and comfortable can't ask for more.", "I know that title sounds odd, but my \"running\" shoes were wearing out in 3-4 weeks time due to the soft foam soles.  These have rubber soles which work VERY well for walking or running outdoors.These to fit a bit tight so keep that in mind when ordering.  I could have probably gone with a half size larger compared to my other Nike's.Overall a VERY comfy shoe.  If you roll your foot to the outside, these may not be a good shoe for you.  They are pretty soft on the outsides.Chris", "These shoes are lightweight, comfortable, and grippy.  I wear two ankle braces, so the low-top design works well.  They do run small (narrow), though.", "I found the same in Nike store for 41$. The original marked price is 100$.Dont know why Amazon has 141$ as the original price, and it is misleading to say they are giving a big discount.", "Found, ordered, and recived in less than 7 days.Great job Amazon.com.The blazers are the coolest and very  comfortable.Looked everywhere then there they were.The rest is history and in my closet.", "I LOVE these shoes!!They are rounded at the toe.Not pointy.I have bought this line of nike shoes the past several years. They hold up well.The colors are beautiful and look good in summer with matching nike socks.", "If you love to walk 18 holes, these are the best shoes for that. Very light weight and good traction. Love the shoes!", "I've gladly paid the premium price for Nike shoes in the past, they've always outlasted other major brands that I've tried, never had a problem with any Nike product before this. Incredibly disappointed with this pair, just two weeks of wear and the left shoe started to squeak load enough to be heard about 100 feet away.", "Just simply perfect. Great price, great fit and I'm sure it'll have the Nike endurance.", "I've received the shoes on time and wear them, they felt  kinda small on my feet. But when I walk with the shoes on it felt just right.I will recommend this shoes to my friends.", "It's hard to find a supportive athletic show these days that doesn't have a bunch of crazy lines and coloring all over it so I have purchased monarch model of Nike shoe several times over, however this latest edition squeaks squeaks squeaks.  embarrassingly so and only after about 1 week of wear.  No amount of talcum powder or lubricating spray would fix the issue.  Everyone will hear you coming and going. So if you are a ninja, librarian or sleep therapist, look for another shoe.", "the Nike sneakers are perfectly fit and make my feet feel so good when I'm out exercising and walking. the price was perfect for my budget, Thank You Amazon", "these fit me great. started falling apart after a year and I don't even where them at work, so they are part time shoes. just poor craftsmanship.  but they fit me the best out of any I tried.", "I have been wearing Nike cross trainers for as long as I can remember.  My right cross trainer starting squeaking after a month.  The last 2 pairs of sneakers have had this squeaking problem.  I previously read to take out the insole and put baby powder in the sneaker then put the insole back in.  This worked for me.  My sneakers do not squeak anymore.  They are very comfortable.", "After reading reviews and seeing that shoe ran small I ordered up 1/2 size and they were too big, I needed the size I always wear so I don't know why the reviews said  they ran small.  The company didn't do exchanges for some reason so I returned them and ordered from Dicks Sporting Goods (no shipping charge and they do exchanges)", "This shoe is comfortable, and so far really durable. But they also can get very hot. You really have to weigh walking comfort vs foot temperature comfort. Being a UPS driver ill take walking comfort all day long.", "my second pair and they really last and stay comfortable", "When you buy Nike's, you generally know what you're getting into.  You're gonna pay a little too much for a shoe that's generally well-made and has nice comfort features.  These Monarchs here are no exception, aside from the fact that one of the shoes has an air bubble in the ball of the foot area or something that causes a loud squeaking noise when you walk.  Do you have any idea how hard it is to seem imposing to your Stormtroopers when every step you take makes it sound like you've got clown shoes on?  It's really maddening.Still, they're much more comfortable than my regular boots, so I continue to wear them.  I don't know that I'll buy this particular model again due to the design flaw, however.", "This is a great shoe.  I've purchased about 4 pairs now, 3 from sports stores the last pair from Amazon.  I wear custom Orthodics and shoe shopping is somewhat of a nightmare for me.  I need a shoe with a deep heel that also has a removable sole.  Not to mention that the shoe has to be wide enough to fit the orthodic AND my wide foot.  This shoe is just AWESOME!!  I can not only remove the sole of the shoe, but once I put in my Orthodics, my foot just slides in.  When the shoe is too narrow, the shoe will squeak like a wet shoe only worse.  It is very annoying and they don't stop making noise even when the shoe is well broken in.  With these, I have no squeaking.  they are very comfortable, last a long time and support my feet.  I'm on my feet most of the day and my back and feet don't hurt as much with these shoes.  I would highly recommend them to anyone who not only has wide feet(like I do) but who also has to wear inserts.  Thanks Nike for providing a wide shoe for those who need it.", "We order thes shoes 2 or 3 times a year and they hold up. These are the shoes he wears daily.", "After wearing these shoes for no more than a week each one began squeeking extremely loud.  Not wanting to be embarrassed and deal with jokes from co-workers I stopped wearing them completely.If you take a look at the reviews on Nike's website or do a search on Google you'll see that this is a very common problem with these shoes.", "I purchased a pair of Nike Air Monarch training shoes (new) about a month ago.  After a week or so of use, the shoes began developing a loud squeak.  That is, when walking in these shoes, a loud squeaking noise is generated with every step.  The squeak is not generated by the outer sole and the floor surface (like when walking with wet shoes on a tile floor).  This squeak occurs even when walking on carpeting and appears to emanate from somewhere between the inner and outer layers of the sole in the area under the ball of your foot.  The squeak is prominent enough that not only can you hear it, but you can feel it.  The shoe actually vibrates under the ball of your foot with each step.  This is an extremely aggravating sensation and I find myself loosening the laces and slipping my feet out of them whenever possible.  I wish I had never bought Air Monarchs and would not recommend this shoe to anyone.  This was the first pair of Nikes I have owned in quite some time and will probably be the last.  With so many others complaining about the same issue, there is obviously a design defect with this shoe.  Nike should pull this model from the shelves and provide a full refund to anyone having this issue.", "They are comfortable however the squeak is so loud it is embarrassing too wear them! Should have stuck to New Balance. I even tried the online solutions, put hand cream in one shoe, no help.. Pulled out the lining and used baby power then replaced liner, that didn't work either. I guess I will just wear then for yard work and washing the car and go back to New Balance shoes for public use.", "These shoes are ok on comfort, but I wear them in an office environment and they are extremely loud on all floor surfaces.  Would not buy again.", "I have found these to have excellent arch support.  One of the most comfortable shoes I have found.  As others have stated they squeaked awful and at work was quite embarrassing.  I resolved the squeak with baby powder.  Putting the powder inside did reduce the squeak but did not resolve it.  I held the shoes in my hand and flexed them to try and pinpoint the sound.  Seemed to be on the front top of the shoe.  I sprayed the baby powder all over the top and tried to work it into the vent holes and then flex it and tap the shoe to try and move it around.  I don't know why but I left them over night and then wiped them off in the morning.  Squeak gone.  I was very surprised as I was skeptical of the baby powder solution.  This lasted 2 to 3 months and I re-applied.  This has now been months and has not returned.  For me worth it since I find the shoes so comfortable. my 2 cents", "shoe sslightly narrow", "With my orthodics still a great fit.Created and engineered for comfort, these shoes really conform well when walking or standing.Such a good buy, I purchased a extra pair.", "The wearer needs the extra width to accommodate wide foot. These sneakers measure up - true to size. Very lightweight so his legs don't tire and perfect for work.", "I am on my third pair of these sneaks and they all have the same good and bad points.First they are very comfortable.I always use foot powder so maybe that is why mine never squeek as some people say.The fit is always the same.They do seem to wear out a little sooner than expected and the glue dries up that holds them together but a little super glue and they are good to go again.Comfort is the key word for these!", "I got these because I was tired of Adidas and liked the look.  I have the white/black/red, not the weird looking all black in the picture.  I knew about the squeaking issue, but seemed to be an easy fix.  I tried them on at a local store before ordering from Amazon.  I would have just bought them at the local store, but they were out of my size.  Anyway, these, to me, run a bit small.  I wear 11.5 in almost every brand, but usually need a 12 in Nikes.  These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned, and that includes my current workshoes (Merrill Shiver Moc), which cost well over $100 usually.  Time will tell on the wear and squeak, but after a few days with some heavy walking mixed in, these are great!", "I work in retail and am on my feet for my entire shift of 8-10 hours. As I get older, comfort in a shoe is an absolute must. These shoes are very comfortable. They bend with the foot as you walk and are of a normal weight so they don't feel like bricks. They appear well made. Maybe Ill update this when they give out and report if anyone is interested", "I am a big fan of this shoe. I work in retail on my feet all day, and comfort is of the utmost importance. The Monarch has a well cushioned insole, and good padding all around. I've tried other shoes, but keep coming back to these. By comparison, the Monarch was far more durable over time than the comparable New Balance and Reebok shoes. Sketchers made a comfortable shoe, but I had splitting seams issues with them.The only thing keeping me from giving this shoe a 5 star rating is the squeaking issue that so many other reviewers have mentioned. It has happened in every pair I've owned, and it can be annoying. Research has given me a remedy though. I learned that the squeak can be eliminated by peeling back the insole, sprinkling in some baby powder, and pressing the insole back into place. Once I discovered that, I knew this was the shoe for me. Hope this is helpful.", "Nice shoes -  My first time I have bought Nike  -  a bit narrow at the front is my only complaint.", "They always fit perfect right out of the box. You couldn't ask for a better pair of shoes at a great price. Thank you", "TOO BIG & BULKY THROWS ME OFF BALANCE, FEEL TOO HOT FOR SUMMER WEAR,BUT DON'T THINK I WOULD LIKE IN WINTER..I AM RETURNING", "these shoes are one of the best for walking ,running, or just for everyday wear. how long do they last? over time they will show some wear  the shoe feels so good you might not notice its time to replace them.", "i love these shoes and bought them for the second time. the shipment was on time and they were perfectly packaged", "I have been wearing Nike Air Monarch shoes since they were first introduced. This is generation four and I am glad that the sole pattern has been changed. Generation 3 was squeaky after some wear on the bottom. Otherwise, the fit and comfort are as the have always been. I am on my feet for up to 14-15 hrs a day when I work and these have been the best shoes I have found for my type of work and since they are all black, they pass as dress shoes even in a suit when a suit is required", "Great for work.  On my feet 12 hours day.  Feet always fell  less fatigued then rest of body. That's nice.  After year I wore out my first pair.  Was afraid I would not find another pair 4E  Then I found them on Amazon.  Highly recommend", "So, I bought some of these at a local retailer, they felt very comfortable, and I was able to get them in my size (14).  This was all awesome news.  My old shoes were dying, and I was excited to get into some nice new comfortable shoes.  The shoes were reasonably priced, and felt good while walking.  After about a week of use, I noticed a bit of a squeaking noise coming from my left and right shoe while I was walking.  The noise has become incredibly loud, and it is very distracting.  Everyone seems to notice my loud-ass shoes.  It is awful.  They fit great, and feel great... but, I never thought I would say this about a shoe, they don't sound great.DO NOT BUY!", "Nice shoes at a great price. No squeak. Supports you feet well.", "Same as many of the other comments.  Very confortable shoes; however, I work in a hospital and it's quite the distraction to wear these shoes in corridors as I go about my business.  It's too bad Nike doesn't weigh in on the issue.  I've decided to retire these early to my designated lawn mowing shoes...perhaps the mower will drown out the annoying squeaking sound!!  Hopefully, I'll find a replacement as confortable as these, but next time, I'll have to pass on Nike.", "Very nice shoe's, @ very comfortable too , Fit perfectly, Going to wear then on my vacation, Thank You very much.", "Too small.  Nobody's fault but mine.  I reordered a size 10.5. Should be here soon. I'm sure they'll be loved.", "These shoes seemed very clumsy and not what my son had in mind.  They seemed sturdy but ran very big and clunky.", "My pinkie toe could use some more room, but I expect the fit to wear in.  With wide front toes and a narrow heal, it is not easy to get a great fit.  My heels slip up and down, maybe the air sole is too stiff front to back, but, they are nice and air-cushion comfortable up and down,  I hope the outers are all leather.  I had some New Balances that were not.", "I see some other people who have reviews on here have had a problem with these shoes squeaking. I have bought 3 pairs of these over a few years and every one of them has squeaked like crazy! So if you don't mind the annoying squeaky sound then get them. These shoes are great for work especially if you stand in one spot or are on your feet all day at work. I won't be buying these anymore cuz they are way too squeaky for me! You'd think Nike would FIX THE SQUEAKY PROBLEM!", "Yes thank you", "i HAVE OWNED 6 PAIRS OF THESE SHOES THROUGH THE YEARS AND YES THEY DO SQUEAK BUT THAT CAN BE FIXED EASILY WITH POWDER. THESE SHOES ARE THE MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I HAVE EVER OWNED I AM 6 FEET 2 IN 280 POUNDS WITH BAD KNEES AND HAVE TRIED MANY SHOES BUT THESE ARE THE BEST MOST COMFORTABLE SHOES I HAVE EVER OWNED I HOPE NIKE DOESN'T CHANGE A THING IF YOU NEED A GREAT PAIR OF SHOES I RECOMMEND THESE", "I have been wearing the Nike Air Monarch for over 15 years.  Sizes run small, so I discovered a long time ago that my size 8.5 feet are most comfortable in the Nike size 9.5 shoe.  Shoe sizing always varies from one manufacturer to another, so find your true size in the Nike Air Monarch and you may never wear another shoe.  I wear these for everything except the most dress-up occasions.  Comfort issues I have had with other shoes have never been an issue with the Nike Air Monarch.  It took over 10 years to wear out my first pair of Nike Air Monarchs.  All that means is I now wear the first pair for yard work; they're just too worn to wear for good.  But they are still in good shape.  I'm now wearing my second pair which I have had for nearly five years. Buying this new pair just because I'm afraid Nike might stop making them.  I plan to wear these (and however many replacements may be necessary) for the rest of my life on this earth!", "The sneakers fit just fine and were cheaper than if I went to a Sporting Goods store. I use them for work around the house - they do squeak a little bit but it doesn't bother me.", "It was a gift for my dad and he loves this shoes. They fit perfect and are so comfortable. They also look great.", "I haven't had a pair of Nike in years I just don't know why I stop buying them They fix great and I know they will last a long time because all my last pair did.I am so happy that I looked on amazon for shoes because the price was great.O ya that's why I did bye Nike the prices were to high for me in stores well thanks to amazon I know were to bye all my products at a great price and fast delivery.I don't have to wast gas and my time in stores.Thank you amazon for your great products.", "Wish I could return these shoes, but maybe too much time has gone by.  I kept waiting for the noise to stop after awhile, but they squeak way too loud.  I will not be able to wear them anymore.Do I have any recourse since these shoes will have to be thrown away???", "I thought something was &#34;funny&#34; about the way these felt after an hour.  After three hours I was crippled and could not walk without a cane.  AND I AM NOT MAKING THIS UP.So having scuffed them and feeling it was too late to return them on line scuffed up II threw them into the closet as &#34;shoes fit for painting the house next time.&#34;  And forgot about themAs they looked brand new and innocent a year later I put them in my suitcase for a trip.  I wore them an entire day.MY LEG WAS TOTALLY CRIPPLED FOR FIVE DAYS AFTERWARDS.They are &#34;off camber&#34; or crooked or something is all I can guess.What horrible shoes!!!!!!!!", "I had the same issue with this shoe.  Nonstop, loud, annoying squeaks.  Emailed Nike.  They recommended removing the inner sole and putting powder in the shoe.  My solution - BUY NEW BALANCE.  I don't pay for brand new shoes with the idea I have to fix them so I can use them.", "Like others have reported, expect for these babies to squeak after a while.for my situation however, the squeaking doesn't bother me, I just need a long lasting powerful, comfortable and good looking shoe and this in my opinion is all of that.", "I really hate writing bad reviews, but Nike has earned it with their bad quality control and equally bad customer service. So here goes:If you like shoes that squeak and embarrass you, then these Nike Air Monarchs are for you. I bought a pair out of state, so returning them to the retailer was not feasible. So I contacted Nike customer service. Now, most companies will simply replace defective product.  Not Nike. You get to send them back at your own expense and they will \"determine whether they replaceable or not.\"A visit to the Nike website was really eye-opening.  Review after review complained about the squeak in these shoes. It's pretty obvious to me that Nike couldn't care less about this negative feedback or they would have addressed the issue long ago.Needless to say, I've given up on the Nike brand entirely, and the only consolation for all my wasted time and money is to be able to tell everyone my Nike squeak story and to tell them that IMO, Nike has become a third rate company.  I would strongly recommend you avoid Nike, until they stop selling products they (should) know are defective, and stop ignoring customer complaints.BTW, I finally went back to the out-of-town retailer where I purchased them and they replaced them - with another pair that squeaks even worse.  I'd give them zero stars if I could", "it is perfect", "The only problem I have is that the pkgs are arriving sort of tampered with???? Other than that , great experience.", "these were great shoes though are tough and heavy and comfy to walk in. I would give these a 5 star rating.", "Great high quality shoe. Just after buying, with a brief breakin period, used them on a 3 week vacation. Walked quite a bit. Two issues for me.  1. No question, my foot size is 12, been that way for years, but the shoe seemed a bit small. 2. For warm weather, these were a bit warm.", "Bought a pair of Air Monarch;s about four years ago. Although it's been tweaked a bit it's basically the same shoe and I applaud Nike for not giving the shoe a makeover just for the sake of change. It's a winner. It is extremely comfortable due to the full length air sole and gives great support for basketball, tennis or just plain walking. BONUS: If you're looking to add to your overall height this shoe will add another inch.", "I know these shoes. I've easily owned more than eight pair over the years. It was only the last pair I bought that I too got the annoying squeak out of the right shoe almost immediately. (hence the mere 3 stars) Too bad I already relegated them to yard shoes to try the powder/silicon solution I've read here.Knowing that my next pair may also develop that problem makes me wary of a follow up purchase. I think I might try once again but Nike: LISTEN UP.. you probably can hear your quality failure right out in your own warehouses- on the very feet used by your employees. And I tell you this; If my next pair is as inferior, it will be the last pair of yours that I will purchase and you WILL be seeing them at your doorstep if for no other reason than to make you waste your time and money disposing.Get it together Nike, smaller corps have died for less egregious errors.", "There are the most comfortable shoes I've ever wore in my 54 years of captivity thanks Nike!", "The Nike Air Monarch is a comfortable shoe and very good looking. The only thing I don't like is the loud embarrassing squeak that it makes...and I do mean loud.  It's actually so loud that I might stop wearing them.  Anyone have any remedies for the squeak?EDIT - Talcum powder under the insoles fixed the loud squeak, so I'm giving it one more star.", "I have pain in my feet due to diabetes and this is the only shoe I've been able to wear without discomfort for the past 6 years.  I hope they never stop making them.  Great for people with sensitive feet at a reasonable price.", "Shoes were great for the first 2 weeks, then started squeaking very loudly when I walked.  It was so loud that I was embarrassed to wear them.  I called Nike and they said they didn't know about any defect, BUT I could remove the inner soles, pour baby powder inside each shoe and then put the inner sole back and the noise should stop.  Odd they didn't know about a defect, but had a supposed fix.  I tried the baby powder and it quieted then down some, but they still squeak.I read online this is a common problem with a lot of their shoes.  So avoid unless you like to be the center of attention everywhere you walk.", "Before you buy these read the reviews or simply google monarch squeaky sneakers.Bottom line is after a month of normal  wear these will squeak.. and they are loud when they do. All over the internet are complaints videos and \"fixes\" of these poor quality defective sneakers. or shall I say clown shoes!The worst part is Nike won't admit they are all defective.When sent back, Nike gives the same canned response of outsole wear or some other crap. They refuse to stand behind their product. I've purchased many Nike products in the past but no more. I'll stick with New Balance from now on!", "This pair of shoes feel very comfortable. The sole is about 1.5 inches, which is pretty thick in my mind. They are durable build and can last long if used mainly for walking. They are not designed for running and mountain climbing, but they can do the job.They do give the sound other people have described. I can ignore it.", "the shoes were way to too tight, and kept causing me to have blisters. i would not buy these shoes again. they were also really heavy. and did not meet my expectations.", "I have had the lunarglide +2 for about a month and am very pleased.. I walk a brisk 5 miles/day foryears and these are my favorites.  Extreme comfort and I like the style, even with the red outersole.I am considering another pair in a different colour or trying the newer lunarglide 3..update:  I tried the new lunarglide +3 but they only had one colour combination and it didn't work for me.  Fortunately, the lunarglide +2 were on sale and $20.00 off, so I bought another pair and amhappy.  I bought the lite grey/ lime green outersole combination and they look great and feel great too..", "excellent desing, perfect for basketball players. I have never see this model before, I will seach for a bigger and other colour.", "It was small need a bigger side need to exchange what do I need to do to make this happen", "Very comfortable and light weight.  I love that the liner is sock like and stitched to the tongue so the tongue doesn't move from side to side.", "Seriously, they're great sunglasses. But don't buy them. I don't want everyone else to have them. Then we'd all look silly because we'd all have the same sunglasses. Man, that would be really awkward.", "There is nothing special about these glasses. In fact they feel kinda cheap compared to quality pairs like Costa or Maui Jim. However, they look great on my face, have decent lenses and are waaaaay cheaper then most other quality polarized sunglasses. I am very satisfied with my purchase!", "I got these in black for running. I found they fit well even though I have a narrower face. They sit comfortably and feel very light. They're on the bigger side - larger than a typical pair of Oakleys - but don't look too big.The plastic is lower-quality than I expected. It seems just a little bit cheap, in part because of its glossy finish, but also the feel of opening and closing the arms.", "I bought these glasses as an anniversary present for my husband. He's a pretty big guy and has a hard time finding large glasses that are comfortable, big enough and stylish (my word, not his). These fit the bill. We did a 100+ mile bike ride and they were awesome. I was secretly hoping he wouldn't love them as much as he does; he won't share. Guess I need to buy a pair for myself.", "Not to dark or brite and comes with two lenses. I live in miami, florida so I can use year round for golf.", "These are well made, comfortable, and stylish. Intermediate school must haves for the summer or after sports. The run just a bit big. I still recommend these highly!", "Cool retro shoe", "the quality of the shoe doesn't stand to Nike's reputation and also too near row from the from part of the shoe", "I have recently had ankle surgery and can't wear heels. I purchased this pair in black. They provide great support and can wear all day. I did order a 1/2 size up because Nike Air sneakers run a little small.", "This is a complete knock off shoe. My was made out of cardboard. Never again", "have never received the shirt.I ordered 1 tennis shirt & 1 tennis shorts.you mailed me 2 tennis shorts instead...", "That's good, the products arrived in Brazil in perfect condition, but were taxed by the IRS.It look 30 days to arive in the country", "Cumple con todas la especificaciones tecnicas ofrecidas, buen material, precio accesible por lo que justifica comprar este modelo y esta marca. El color es tal y como se muestra en la imagen y no hubo ninguna novedad ni sorpresa, recomiendo la compra de este producto", "I really do like this pair of shoes; feels so comfortable and also looks nice on feet :)I will look for different color ( gray ) to buy", "they send me the wrong size. it was a gift item for my dad. I already sent the product out of usa. So its very hard for me to get it back. And my dad is not using it.", "I like the shoes!!! they are really nice. they were 39.99 and i would've paid more for them cuz they look so great! I run 5 miles a day and have used them 4 days and they are really comfortable and provide support where needed for a daily user. Feel it was a good buy. They were delivered in 2 days after the seller had them shipped, but the seller did take a few days to ship em out but still only took about 6 days total 2 receive them.", "THESE SHOES ARE NICE TO LOOK AT NICE COLOR SCHEME AND A FAIR PRICE. NOW THE BAD. IF YOU PLAN ON WEARING THEM EVERYDAY FORGET ABOUT THIS PAIR. I'VE ALWAYS BEEN A NIKE FAN. I WORE THESE SHOES FOR ABOUT 35 DAYS AND THE SEAMS ARE STARTING TO RIP OUT AND THE HEAL OF THE SHOE IS TOTALLY GONE SO NOW WHEN I WEAR THEM I GET A BLISTER ON BOTH HEALS. I DONT RECOMMEND THESE SHOES UNLESS YOUR JUST GOING TO WEAR THEM ON SPECIAL EVENTS.", "They are awesome, and great looking with athletic clothing and jeans as well. The heel feels very padded and therefore very comfortable.", "I bought these to replace my workout shoes.  They are nice, a little tight but I expect when they are broke in they will fit perfectly.", "The heel is a little high and rubs on my ankle. I'm not used to that - other than that these are just what I wanted!", "I had tried two other kinds (including Addidas) and I always end up back with Nike because they provide a perfect fit for my wide foot and lots of support for workouts.", "Great walking shoe.", "I hope Nike does not screw upand stop making these shoes - they nailed it when they started to make them.  I have bought Monarchs for 6 straight years.", "These shoes are an absolute god send, extremely comfortable and exceptionally stylish. I see alot of guys are complaint about the squeak, I happen to like it. It let's my kids know I'm coming and that its time to hop in the van and get to soccer practice. All of the fine soccer moms notice my shoes and compliment me on them, and also how great my butt looks in my wrangler jeans, in a nice stonewash. The only pants to wear them with if I may add. But I digress, another superb feature is they come in widths many sneakers don't and this is an added plus as my feet swell from time to time. I highly recommend these shoes to anyone looking for comfort, styling and value. Stylish enough to wear absolutely anywhere from the supermarket to the kohls. I'm going to buy the black ones next to wear to more formal occasions.", "Outdadgumstanding!!! Comfortable, stable, the perfect shoe for the treadmill or elliptical.  I am very happy and about to purchase a second pair.", "I have purchased another pair of the Nike Air Monarchs after my old pair of Monarch IIIs finally wore out after 3 years of wearing them.  These are very comfortable and well fitting shoes that last a long time.  They do squeak on some very glossy or waxed floors but meh, doesn't bother me.", "I bought these for my son-in-law for his birthday and he loves them.  He has worn Nikes for a long time and really likes the fit.", "Very comfortable but you will never be able to sneak up on anybody in these sneakers. I'm a big guy and have had these, or similar NIKE shoes before. Most annoying. I won't but these again.", "These shoes fit true to size and they hold up well to abuse. This is the 3rd pair I have purchased for my husband. A lot of times when you purchase the same shoe multiple times, the fit varies, but these have been consistent and rugged. He wears these every day and they last 6+ months.", "Nice but little hard", "I am very pleased with these sneakers. first, I never thought i'd be able to get them in a wide shoe. this is my second pair for my boyfriend and first pair for my son. very,very happy. WILL buy these again.", "I've been getting these Monarchs for years and never heard any squeaking noise. Anyways the lady's dig em and when I pair them with some levis my sweet butt really looks good. I often get it pinched by passing women at the grocery store. Thanks Nike.", "Advertised as 4E, I got \"D\" not E.  No I suppose it's going to be a major hassle trying to return these. This is BS.", "Comfortable well made shoes with great quality leather tops. Unfortunately the sole on the right shoe was defective and significantly higher than the other and they were returned.Buying shoes on the net can be problematic but I've found over the years that Nike is always true to size and style tends not to deviate from their standard sizing. I wear 10.5 but ordered these in a 10 because I wanted them snug.But even at a half size down they were 'boxy\" an the fit was loose in all the wrong places i.e.: arch support, Heel and toe. My guess  is that this has more to do with the molding problems that shoes had than Nike producing a shoe inherently sized to large.In fact based on the glowing reviews here, I would say that's not the case at all.Hopefully my next pair will be free of damage and I'll be ordering a half size down just to be on the safe side.", "I tried this sneaker a few years back , Finally wanted to try it again , So I order a pair, Great product", "I bought a bigger size on purpose. This is very comfortable and well cushioned, will help prevent the sore feet and ankles.", "Thank you Nike for making the most comfortable pair of sneakers ever!!  Now can you please manufacture them so they won't squeak loud enough to wake the dead!!  Nike has had been making these shoes for many years but have had a defect problem for about the last 2 years or so, you would think by now they would have been able to fix it! For now I am wearing New Balance because it's the only company I found that makes an extra-wide, at an affordable cost, that is half way comfortable.", "Excellent is what I expected", "These shoes are comfortable and look fine, but a few months after wearing them occasionally the right shoe has developed a horrid squeaking sound. It's loud enough that some of my co-workers have commented on it. These are going to Goodwill tomorrow. I cannot recommend these shoes for any reason. I believe there are a few other recent reviews about the same issue, so it may be that the quality was recently reduced to further the profits.", "This one great shoe the only issue is the consistent squeeking, Nike must cure this issue or I will not repurchase these again!", "Nike is a great product .thank for making wide shoes they are great.thank you very much for my shoes a.d stucc", "I own a lot of shoes.  Red ones, green ones, silver (black, obviously!)...you name it. But when I need a plain white walking/hiking shoe, nothing beats these Nike Sweet Classic leather. They NEVER clash with anything and always look neat and feel fabulous. I can walk for days and never get sore feet. So...when my last pair totally bit the dust, I knew it was time to go on Amazon and buy a new pair. The whole procedure took 10 minutes and a few days later: voila! Brand new Nikes to cruise around town in.", "My girl love this shoes, she use for the school. The last year she have the same shoes but diferent color. When she saw this color said \"i want this shoes for me again.\"", "NIKE WMNS NIKE INITIATOR (WOMENS) excellente zapato cumplieron con mis expectativas, llego en la direccion indicada y el tiempo fue de espera satisfactorio....los recomiendo 100%", "It is a great shoe, very comfortable. I use it for running around the research lab, teaching, and I bought another pair for the gym. The service was excellent too. Shipped very quickly.", "I use them for running, lots of walking, and aerobics . . . they fit great and have held up well for several months now! They still look good too, even with all the white on them. I'll be ordering another pair when I've worn these out!", "I bought this shoes for mom and she's loving it. and well, I don't know what else to say, great shoes, really confty :)", "Nice", "The product looks a bit cheap like the Nike logo will fall off real soon. Not that it matters much since I will only wear them to the gym. Their delivery was amazing! The fastest I&#8217;ve ever seen. Great Job!", "Bought these shoes for my husband because he didn't want his more expensive Nikes to work in but needed something comfortable to wear to work at a warehouse. They have been a life saver on long days on concrete floors. Also, he liked the way they looked so much that he hated to wear them to work. They are as good and as nice looking as his more expensive &#34;home&#34; pair.", "I found these shoes to be very comfortable.  The air-pads are very cushy.  They are not as inflated as other air-pads on previous shoes I've owned.  I have lower back problems and they have really helped ease the imnpact from walking/running for me.Yet... I just noticed the some plastic is peeling away where the Nike swoosh is placed.  It's peeling rather unevenly on both shoes.  Small thing and totally aesthetic but it does make me think that at least that part of the craftmanship is shoddy.Still very comfortable shoes.", "Along with the quick international shipping, these shoes are great fitting and comfy as. I purchased them as my running shoes but once i got them i couldn't bring myself to destroy them in a few months by pounding the pavement in them so i use these as everyday shoes and have brought some other ones as my running shoes.", "Just what I expected and wanted. Fits great, materials are legit. I always worry when ordering shoes online, but these are legit...", "Great shoes, feel like I am walking on air.  I was surprised by how well they fit and feel.  Great!", "I LOVE THIS...SHOES....I USE THIS EVERY MONDAY..FOR MY GYM& ZUMBA DANCE...ACTUALLY THAT SHOES IS MY FAVORITE & VERY GOOD QUALITY...", "I found this to be the best shoe for my feet. Since my feet are stronger than most people, I really need the arch support. And this shoes has a thick band to hold my foot in place inside the shoe. The sole breaks perfectly on the ball of the foot, so it doesnt cramp my calf muscles. The slit between the big toe and the rest of my toes allows for proper toe placement giving me a much better level of balance. It expands slightly when you break but maintains a snug hold on the foot.Great shoe. Wild colors - love it!!!", "I had to order from Nike.com because the place on here took my order, but after waiting for a week, they emailed me and said they didn't have my item, did I want my money back?...no, just keep it.", "The Air Elite shoe is absolutely great for pre-game activities.  Especially for pitchers, it is comfortable but it also allows agility on the mound without having to put on a metal cleat for bullpen sessions or PFPs.  The shoe is also good for working out and baseball exercises indoors.  Highly recommend it.", "Theses shoes look just as good as they do in the picture! They were gave as a gift for my boyfriend and he LOVES them!!", "It's okay for short, light workouts.  It does evaporate sweat and it's very lightweight.  Probably fine for the casual runner, or a 5k race.  However, I found that, on my longer runs, it chafes.  Ouch.  I don't know if it's the material, or the salt from my sweat making it more stiff over time, but I ended up only wearing this thing a few times.  Then I got rid of it.  For more serious distance runners, I recommend the Nike Dri-Fit Touch Tailwind Singlet.  It's just as light, but softer and more stretchy.", "Great comfort shoe for exercise and running.  The perfect buy for customers into fitness and health.  I love the color and plan to buy this product in another color if available.", "Great for aerobic dance.  Lots of cushion in the ball of the foot; there is a complete air sole, so the air is also under the ball of the foot where we land the most in aerobics. They feel like mini trampolines.", "So I have been purchasing Under Armour compression shorts for athletic use of course. I love them. I previous purchased Russell Athletic and Champion athletic undershirts, but got annoyed by the amount of \"thread pulls\" on those shirts. I decided to look into the athletic cotton shirts. I first purchased the Under Armour Charged Cotton, and liked them until my mother bought me some Nike Dri-Fit Cotton shirts. I love these shirts, I find the fit of these shirts much better than the UA shirts. They feel very comfortable. I have bought roughly ten of them in the past few months, and I am a strong believer in the quality of this product. And this coming from a person who generally buys Adidas.", "the best sneakers i have ever had, they are very comfy i must say. i would encourage all my mates to buy one of theses :-)", "Too large", "We have loved these sandals for a few years now and finally found them online. Thank goodness! Our five-year-old can put them on and tighten them himself, which he loves, and they are super easy to clean as well.. which is good because they definitely pick up any &#34;perfume&#34; that might be emitted from the dirty feet of a boy who plays hard in the sun. (In other words, they get stinky quick, so it's a good thing they stand up to being washed regularly.) Hope they have these in a lot more sizes, because we'll be buying them until his feet stick out of both ends. :)", "My husband loves these shoes.  They are comfortable and supportive.  He says they feel like he is walking on air.  They are perfect.", "I am absolutely in love with this shoes, so in love that I have them in 3 colors. It looks like Nike doesn't make them anymore....I don't know what I am going to do in the future!", "When I bought these shoes, I really liked them! They ran a little small, so I ordered half a size bigger, but most Nike's do run a little small. I recommend these shoes to everyone! They are stylish and I have nothing bad to say about the shoes.", "Me encanto esta T-Shirt, me quedo super bien, el material es muy liviano muy apropiado para los que nos encantan los deportes y  siempre compro XS raz&oacute;n por la cual seleccione esta misma talla y fue muy adecuado. la recomiendo.", "I love these shoes, I wear them everywhere.  They are comfortable and durable, my first pair lasted over 4 years, so I will definitely purchase these again.", "Look great, my son is very satisfied with these slides.  They arrived quickly and were exactly what he wanted.  Would purchase again... and since he's only 11, I'm sure I will.", "Got these for summer. Very comfortable. Goes with just about everything. I love Jordan sandals, I have almost every color.", "This is a great item. Is so comfortable and light. They run a bit small so pick a size up.I just wish they were made in all black. Great product. My favorite of all my shoes.", "I have a pair of Lunar hi-tops, so took a chance on the Lunar+2's based on liking the aforementioned  pair...I'd read conflicting reviews of 'good arch support'/'no arch support'....'narrow toe box'/'ample toe box'......I overpronate and wear orthodics in my running shoes....a deep heel, wide toe box, and solid, all-around support from the shoe are essential to me....The lunar 2 + has moderate arch support and a deep heel and med/wide toe box and offers good all around foot support. My orthodics fit comfortably after removing the Nike orthodic/footbed.  These shoes on sale are worth your dime....", "This is birthday present for my friend and he really like it. This shoes is made at pretty good quality and the outlet is fashion.I didn't try it but I feel the materials is good when I touched it.", "These are hands down my favorite sneakers ever! They are so light weight and breezy. Perfect for summer and walking! The soles are very flexible and since the uppers are made of soft fabric, they don't rub my feet. I've got a lot of compliments when I'm in them. They make my feet look narrow and go with skinny jeans or leggings perfectly. The white soles are not as easily stained as other sneakers such as Converse sneakers. I love them a lot!", "They look so damn awesome. They fit pretty well too! I got them for just what they say, &#34;walking&#34;. Very comfortable, lots of support.I wear mine with no socks, no problems.", "I got hundreds of miles and 4 years out of my first pair of these shoes. When I bought them I doubted they would last long but they are the best shoes I've ever had. Though they are long since discontinued, Amazon had a pair left in my size. I'd take yet another if they can find them. Very happy with Amazon service.", "I have a wide foot  Size E is just what I needed I have wore this shoe for many years glad they still make it", "I am very happy with this shoe and ordered a second pair, within about one month of my first purchase of this item.", "I enjoyed. I've gone jogging wearing them. I have not felt tired on my feet. Very comfortable and good wreck", "I really like the max moto sneakers, hard to find them now, I am a heavy person, so they don't last more than 4 to 6 months and then they start to break down, but I can not get the comfort in any other shoes.", "I bought this fleece for something to wear on the cooler days.  It is very comfy and soft, and the fit on me was excellent (Medium size)I have also recently used it while jogging and it serves this purpose well. It isn't overly restrictive and keeps me nice and warm. Fair pricing on the quality. All in all, im happy and it was a worthwhile buy.", "This is my second pair of the Nike Summer Lite golf shoes.  They are super lightweight and your feet don't get hot at all.  I wear them with thin ankle socks.  The only disadvantage to them is that you do get sand in them in sand traps!", "My son is a very active 11 year old. This is our second pair of these shoes. Light weight, good for cross training and easy to take on and off. Highly reccomended.", "I gave these golf shoes one star because I liked the way they looked, but I cannot believe they were Nikes. They were very stiff and plastic-like. Not comfortable as soon as I put them on. Can't imagine walking a golf course in them. I didn't hesitate to order them on line because I have several pair of Nike golf shoes that I love.", "These shoes are a great value with a nice fit, comfortable soft feel.  The spikes hold firmly and cleats are easy to clean off with a simple tab on the ground.", "Nike runs small but this fits great!!! Definitely worth the price. We go golfing every weekend now just remember to ask for extra spikes to be replaceable...", "Exactly as described.  Stylish and comfortable.  I would highly recommend.  I would tell you to stop procrastinating if you contemplating purchasing.", "I have been using this for the past year and these shoes feel great and look good too. i have had no issues with these and would buy them again if i had too but by the wear and tear looks like i wont have to since they are holding up great.", "I bought these shows for my father as a gift. First I had some doubts that would these even fit or not but was really relieved that they were of the perfect fit. They are really light in weight and have a really nice built quality.The underneath grip is strong and wont slip on wet surfaces.Overall a very good product and looking for some good years of golf ahead :)", "The shoes look great and fit well.  I did order an extra wider size since these shoes run a bit narrower than expected.  I ordered the wide size.", "These golf shoes look good, feel good, and perform great. They are very solid when addressiing the ball while swinging. No slipping at all even on a soggy course. The only problem I had was that they were a little thin by the toes. I walked 9 holes the first time I worn them on  a wet course and my feet and socks stayed dry. Overall a good shoe just be certain of getting the right size.", "Very nice looking, comfy, great price.  But my husband had to borrow a shoe stretcher.  Hopefully since the are leather it will help. They get narrow right where your toes get wider.  Not the best manufactured shoe - but then again it was sold at an outlet store...", "These shoes fit well and are both comfortable and stylish.  Easy to walk 18 holes in them.  I have a wide foot and the extra wide width was perfect for me.", "They were better as seen on the web. Fix very comfy but are too wide the first time I use them. Then the shoe fits my feet.I sure recommend it.", "Please allow yourself at least one or two rounds walking for break-in period. If you ride it shouldn't be a problem. Solid shoe, little narrower fit than my 12 W footjoys but after breaking in they have great fit with solid construction.  Grip you get from these shoes have helped my game immensely, as I would slip out even with fresh spikes in my old shoes.", "The Shoe is very comfortable and offers alot of cushioning and is relatively light weight.Its is also a very attractive shoe.", "Love these shoes when I recieved them through delivery. Starting to wear these shoes out already! LOL! Thanks as always!", "These are the best socks I have ever purchased in my life. They are strong in construction and soft. The price is great", "I ordered these socks a while ago and was so impressed with them. I wear them nearly every day and they still show no signs of wear. They are so durable and last forever! They are great for working out or just wearing with tennis shoes. I would definitely recommend these!", "The socks are made with great quality; but if you don't have calves that are stick thin, you're not going to be able to pull them up as high as they go. I wear a US size 9 and they just about fit my foot and that's with a size large. If your foot is any bigger than mine, I suggest you go with the XL.My product also arrived 5 days later than my estimated delivery date. It wasn't my local post office's fault in Philadelphia either. I checked the tracking and the day it arrived in Philadelphia, is the day I got the package. The seller didn't process my order for days. I won't be buying off this seller again.", "I bought these socks so that I would have a decent pair of nike socks to wear with all my shoes. After I opened them up from the packaging, I put them on. They were a little tight, but that's my fault for buying L instead of XL considering my shoe size is 13.5-14. I wore one pair of the socks one day, and then half of the day after because I was lazy and didn't want to change the pair. When I finally got the motivation to take a shower, I took the socks off and what do I know? There's a decent sized hole in one of them. I'm guessing that I just got a bad sock, but I am bummed because 16 dollars for three pairs of socks is a lot more than I usually spend. And now I only have 5 usable socks...... Oh well, the other pairs seem to be holding up fine!", "I wanted socks that had a shorter crew cut but these went almost above my boyfriends knees and he wears a size 13. Overall the socks are very well made though; they have thicker bottoms for comfort and seem like they will last him a long time. Thank you!", "I am not impressed.  I bought these to fit my size 13 feet--why is it so darn hard to find XL socks???  They fit fine the first time, but after washing they're way too short, painfully so.  I've tried stretching them, but they seem to have taken a pretty permanent \"set\".  Very disappointing.  I much prefer the Docker socks I bought at the same time;just as comfortable on first wear, and no shrinkage after washing. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001VEID1M/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i00", "I bought these socks for my grandson and he loves them.  They're so soft that he even sleeps in them.  Thanks for the great service.  They arrived in no time and the quality of the socks is terrific.  Thank you.", "Great socks for my 11 year old son. He is a size 8. I wear 13.5 and these socks are junk. Not as advertised!", "My husband is 6'4\" with size 15 feet. Needless to say it is difficult to find socks for him as most stores don't carry past a 12 or 13 standard size sock, which he ends up buying anyway and wears holes very quickly in the large toe area. I bought these for him last year, good quality, comfortable and no holes yet! He loves them. I'll be ordering more for sure.", "My son wears these pair of socks often.  He says that they are very thick & comfortable even though they are not name brand.", "They truly do wick moisture away from your feet. Excellent fit. Thick, durable and comfortable. Great product.  Great golfing socks.", "My husband walks around our tiled home in his socks.  These comfy socks provide just enough padding to cushion his feet.", "product fit as expected, arrived in timely manner.", "These were cheap enough and ones that I could wear while playing basketball. They fit great and worked great! Definitely will buy more.", "6-21-12...I've washed these socks 3 times and they've shrunk each time.  There are no washing instructions on the package so I washed them the way I've always washed white socks....in warm water and warm dryer (not hot).  Won't buy these again and will attempt to return them.  I'll let you know if that's a problem.  If you do buy these be sure to was in cold water and line dry!!!These are decent socks but I do have a few issues with them.  I should note that I'm a woman.  I often buy men's sport socks and sometimes men's sneakers because women's sneakers are usually uncomfortable on my wide feet.  I'm not a big woman but I do have big feet...lol. I just don't like women's socks, especially around the toes. I hate those sloppy sewn seams at the top that are \"nobby\" on each side.Although these Nike socks are made well they're a little tight at the top on the calf.  The circumference of my calf where the top of the sock comes is 13 inches.  Wouldn't mind just a bit more stretch there.  I purchased size large socks to allow for a wee bit of shrinkage.  Just for reference, I buy anywhere from a size 8 to a 9 regular men's sneaker depending on cut.  There's also a kind of 1 1/2\" elasticized band in the material that goes around the instep of the sock which I think will shrink a bit after a few washings.  Don't care for that sqeezing my foot.  I'm sure these will service me for the time being...just not sure I'll buy them again.  By the way..under a sticker they slapped on the label, the retail price is listed as $14.00.  I guess a few extra dollars isn't too high a price to pay for the convenience of buying on line unless you shop in department stores anyway.", "Purchased the 8-12 size.  I am a size 10 and these are snug.  Not uncomfortable, but snug.  One of the socks did develop and random hole on top after a couple of uses.", "My husband builds houses for a living. These socks stay tight versus falling down around his ankles like some others I've paid top dollar for. They also keep his feet from sweating. Definitely worth the cost.", "My husband loved them.  They were a good price and fit as expected.", "Finally got some that match my Nike's. Now I need some to match my retro 4 Jordan's. Very comfortable and fit great!", "Socks aren't goodI expected betterMight as well send another free packWhile your at itCause I wasn't satisfied", "Good socks, they are kind of tight and go down when your walking thoughGot the socks free using [...]", "I wear a size 10-11 mens shoe. I ordered these socks because I like the Nike brand.I also like my socks not to be too tight so I ordered size 12-15.I barely got the tip of one foot into these socks to know these are not the Nike socks I am used to.They felt thinner and smaller and in fact did not fit my size 10 foot although they were sized as large 12-15.I recommend buying a single pack to try before you stock up...", "THESE SHOES WERE SO EXCEPTIONAL FOR THE PERSON THEY WERE BOUGHT FOR THAT HE SPENT EVERY DAY ADMIRING THEM BEFORE THEY WERE WORN.", "Air Jordan V.5 Grown Low - my son loves them.  Fit to size.  They are nice because they can be work with jeans or khakis/cargos and he has comfortable shoes and yet looks a bit more dressy.  Pretend dress shoes :)", "Nice Mens Thongs, fit perfect and very confortable", "I have several size 14 flip flops but these are too small on the top of the foot and are REALLY snug putting them on.  They are so snug they cut off my circulation. If I slide them back, then my feet don't fit on the sole. I do have very large and wide feet, so this may not pertain to the average size 14 person. But, if you have the same propensity as I with large foot, then I caution you. Other than that, the sole is very cushioned and the upper straps are as well. I did return these because I cannot wear these. If the straps were &#34;taller&#34; I know I would enjoy these soft, well-padded sandals.", "It so great! I never felt so comfortable in flip flops. Usually I'm the type of person who doesn't wear flip flops but these have change my opinion", "Very comfortable and well made. The foam is super soft and supports your foot as you walk. The thong can be a little rough but gets much better as you break it in.", "I ordered these sandals for my husband.The delivery was fast(I think 3 days). The fit was perfect and he loves them.Would definitely recommend them to family and friends.", "the middle toe part takes some getting used to, but i recommend this, it is like walking on puff balls.", "These flops are the best.  Totally comfortable, last a long time, and handle moisture well", "Theses sandals are very comfortable but a little snug. I find Nike brand of any product tends to run small.", "I have had them before so knew what to expect, but they are perfect!! Brand new and super comfortable to wear.", "Even I thought this was the larger version, I still have enough space. Love the divider for your shoes. Large enough to get two pairs and shower shoes in there. Love the cool/insulated compartment. It was the main reason to buy this product.SInce I use this bag for multiple sports I can store all the smaller items in different compartements.Would buy it again or use as a gift for a gym rat.", "Did not fit as expected. Fast shipping. Great quality", "Fast shipment esp around the holidays. Socks fit as they should and price was awesome, socks are socks but I will buy them here!", "Pretty well pleased overall. Were nice this summer.Barely cover feet, but okay. I would order theseagain if need be.", "Good Pair of Men's Socks - bought for my husband.  He liked the fit and feel.  I would suggest these to others.", "These are some good socks!  I love the extra padding on the bottom. They are great for working out or wearing casually.  They're a nice height and the sizing is good.  They're all around really nice.", "they make me feel like a king due to the very good construction and how they look when I don't have my shoes on...", "I wear a size 15 and have flat feet - to start.  I blew out my ankle in high school and have NO ARCH in one foot.  My ailments aside, these socks fit GREAT and seem to actually provide some support which, if you've got big feet, you need all the support you can get.These aren't cheap, but I would consider them a value for going to the gym, golfing, anything where you don't want to look like a clown cause your socks are so damn big.", "Perfect fit and feel great all day. Just played softball in them last night 90+ degrees and it was a doubleheader and I never even noticed them feeling wet, washed them today and they still look brand new. Will probably order another 3 pack.", "This shoe is advertised as a running shoe however, I am a walker. The shoe is a little stiff but is comfortable to walk in and I would highly recommend it  for walking.  It might be a little heavy for most runners.", "These shoes are great, i will always buy this brand and type of shoe here on out.  The hyperdunk series keeps my foot secure with great ankle support and they are lightweight. Not to mention the design is slick and simple.  Highly recommended to anyone looking for a great pair of basketball shoes!", "These fit my face perfectly but they fog up on my long runs and I've noticed that sweat seems to collect and then dribble down at the bottom. I have high cheek bones and these stay in place when I smile which is great (but maybe that's what's causing the fogging issue?).", "These are stylish, fit my face well, and, for running, stay in place.  I am very happy with these sunglasses.", "These were a very nice shade of blue, as true to picture as is usually available online.  So far they stay put and are very comfortable, function comparable to Oakley, at about half the price.", "I bought these shoes as I needed a new pair of trainers. My previous ones were a pair of Nike Shox R4. These treated me very well and I kept them for 2 years. The shox NZ has a similar look to them and so I ordered a pair. The pair of shoes arrived but they were different to what I thought. The NZ shoe is very wide compared to the R4's I had. They are also quite a bit taller.  The size I ordered was the same as my previous shoes, however these shoes feel big and heavy and I don't really feel agile or nimble in them. They are very comfortable (as to be expected from Nike Shox range), but I miss my R4's :(", "I just got these yesterday evening, and today was my first full day wearing them.  Initially, when I tried them on last night, they felt a bit tight.  There was enough room for the toes, whiich suggested that I had the correct size.  But, it felt like ti wasn't a wide enough shoe (my feet aren't extraordinarily wide or anything to require that I wouldn't be able to wear a standard width shoe).However, after wearing them for a full day, I have to say that I am very impressed.  They are very light, which makes walking in them almost as effortless as walking in no shoes at all.  They breathe well.  It's nearly 100 degrees outside today, and my feet aren't as sweaty as they would be in my dress shoes, or even my previous pair of Nike shoes.The best feature is the comfort.  I have a decent amount of walking on my commute to and from work, and the sidewalks I walk on have quite a few large cracks in them.  There are alsoa  lot of stairs, and I find myself standing quite often while riding the bus.  That said, comfort is the biggest selling point for me on a pair of shoes.  I struggle to find that in a pair of dress shoes.  However, on \"Jeans Day\" Fridays, when I wear a regular pair of shoes to work, I prefer to have a pair that is comfortable to walk in.  My last pair awsn't all that great in this department, which is what made me decide, after owning the same pair of shoes for 3.5 years, to look for a new pair.  Now, I'm not much of a runner.  The walking I do on my way to and from work is as close as I usually come to a good workout where shoe comfort matters.  This pair makes that a pleasant time of day, to say the least.  Even walking on hard surfaces feels very comfortable, as though I'm still on carpet; rather soft carpet at that.  Standing for an extended period in these shoes can get somewhat uncomfortable, but that is only when you are standing perfectly still for upwards of an hour.  While walking, my feet don't bother me, hurt, feel sore, feel tired, etc., like they do after coming home in my normal work shoes (leather slip-on dress shoes), or like they did after going to an extended trip at the grocery store or out somewhere else with my old shoes.All that said, they're comfortable, don't weigh you down while you're walking or running, and your feet won't feel like they're in a microwave all day.  Are they pricey?  A bit.  Is it worth it?  In my opinion, it is absolutely worth it.  The quality of the shoe is also good, and I suspect these shoes will last quite a long time.  From my point-of-view, anyone who says these shoes are just hype have either never tried them or didn't give them a chance to get passed that initial breaking in period that I referenced above.  It's all opinion, but I recommend trying these shoes for yourself, before writing them off.", "excellent service sneaker doctor is on top of it some of the best service on the net box was perfect shoes new and A plus service actully talked to someone from sneakerdoctor and they handled the order with top notice kindness great spot for shoes", "As i wish, the new nike shox fits great as the old ones that i have in my closet. If you want to buy your first, buy it two sizes up so you can keep a comfort size in your feet. If you fit 6 size, buy it on 7. Works great fit well. Extremely confortable for casual and long range walks", "I love these sneakers,  I now have 3 pairs and they all fit great.  I highly recommend this product. Fits like a glove and very comfortable.", "My 14 year old did all sorts of research and was dying to get these shoes. He's had them for a couple of months and still cannot stop talking about them. He loves them!!", "The backpack itself is really nice. I like the overall look on it and it's decent sized. The one thing that I absolutely do not like is the zipper broke after my first use of the backpack!! If you are going to get this just dont add a lot of items to it or the zipper will break.", "This item is exactly the way i expected it in terms of color, quality and fit. I am so happy with my purchase and love seeing my kid in it every single time", "This is a really cute outfit, true to size and good quality.  Colors are as shown.  I would recommend it.", "Ordered this for my 5 year old son, Looks a little small and its suppose to be for ages 4/7. could very well that he has just a larger head. But still great product none the less. I only gave it 4 because just seemed a little small for my son.", "I bought this for my 3 year old who started playing tennis this summer. They have to wear white on the courts and this hat was perfect. His head didn't get overheated and it washes well.", "This cap's Dri Fit fabric is great - light and my son doesn't mind wearing it.  For my son (almost 3 and average sized), I would like the cap to be taller from top of ear to top of head.  Though the circumference is fine, it's a bit short and therefore doesn't stay on as well as it could.", "Love the way it fit my 2 year old. He is in the 75th percentile by head circumference and he has room to grow in this hat but it is not so big right now that it looks silly. It is very light weight and easy to clean (even if it is white).", "Weird shaped pockets. Not a great bag for books. The zipper barely closes around a binder. More of a sports or gym bag.", "Hi all, I live in Ecuador and really noticed that this bag is very good qualityI really chose this rating because it is a backpack that has enough space and several pockets to store anything. I highly recommend this product for athletes, and college football players", "I bought the black one when I was in China almost three years a go. It was so good that I bought this item for my sister as well. It's laptop space is good and  well protected.", "These shoes are really awesome!  I did not buy them for running, but I love the simplistic look of the white and silver.  I wear them all day to work and they are really comfortable.", "700 Dollars Bahahahaha this must be a misprint......or a joke. Who would pay 700 dollars for a compression shirt? Someone should correct this or explain it.", "these shoes are nice but they run a lil small i ordered a size 10 and my toes are rubbing the tip of the shoe ,i would go half a size bigger.but lets see how durable they are because i bought them for skateboarding so ima tear them up!", "I love the Nike brand of shoes. They have been a standard in my wardrobe for years. I wear them frequently.", "Good solid shoe for nursing school and firm. Not toooooo comfortable, but I wasn't expecting a super squishy shoe. :)", "these cleats came very fast and I loved the fit and texture of the inside. they were definitely of the same quality as going into a store and they caost a whole lot less", "My daughter's pair lasted 30 days before they started tearing in front of the swoosh on the nylon mesh.  Her friend has the same shoes and her's are tearing also.  We like Nike shoes but these do not last.", "I love these shoes. I was a little worried because i was ordering them online and not at the store where i could try them on and walk around in them. but, they looked super comfortable, and super cute, and everyone seemed to have no complaints. so i went for it..im so glad i did. If i had it to do over again i would get these again. this is going to sound silly, but my only complaint was that they were SO white!! i have to be very aware when i wear these shoes so i dont mess them up. i recommend these if youre trying to decide. go for it!!!", "I bought these at the local store looking for a low top B-Ball shoe with zoom air cushion and they have not disappointed...the only reason I did not give it a five star is I am not real heavy but feel like a little more cushion in the toe box would be ideal...but overall pretty good shoe.", "I'm currently deployed in Iraq and I needed sandels to lounge in and of course regular flip flips just wernt going to do while I'm out here so I bought these sandels and they are comfortable! Well worth the money.", "If you are big foot like me, don't pass out this shoes.No where Nike brand shoes on 29.95 bucks.I use for soccer(not football), running, gym practice, etc.notice! This shoes was samll fit half size than normal shoes size.go get this lucky for your health!", "Despite my valiant attempts to get the Black/Volt color with a Groupon that I bought, I had to settle for the Black/Purple Air Max 2011s, which have purple shading under the flywire material, the sole itself and the air pockets. Nevertheless, the 2011 design is freaking sweet -- which is what attracted me to these shoes in the first place.I'm a somewhat active runner who runs on treadmills or ellipticals about twice a week and an outdoor street run once a week. My old Air Maxs were from 2004 and were falling apart at the seams, so I decided to give in and get a new pair of top-of-the-line running shoes, since I only get a pair every few years. At first I was going to go with the Asics Gel Kayanos, which get top ratings on running sites, but like I said before, the design on the Air Max 2011s were just too awesome to pass up.Fit: HALF SIZE UP! These are a very snug fit, even at a half size bigger than normal. It's not uncomfortably snug, but more of a supportive snug. Me likey. The shoe doesn't slip off at the heel at all, which is something that not only bugs me, but causes blistering at the heel. It's snug, supportive comfort even when I do sprints.Cushioning: w.0.0.t! Even when I'm walking my dog, I definitely feel a nice soft cushion that absorbs impact. I ran concrete roads and up the Santa Monica stairs with these, and I LOVED the spongy feel of the shoes on the hard terrain. The padding is literally from heel to toe and you feel it no matter where you distribute your weight with your gait. The FitSole liner seems to be adjusting to my footprint as well, but the shoes are too new so far to provide an exact description.Ventilation: Noice! The mesh-material is flywire, and when you hold the shoes up to the light, light filters through the material. The shoe provides good ventilation during a run and still feels sturdy. Another cool thing is that they don't seem to crease easily and dig into your feet from the top.Weight: Light. Really light!Conclusion: Happy customer here! Loving my purchase, even though the shoe is pretty damn pricey. The shoes are light, supportive, well-ventilated and quite possibly the sweetest-looking running shoes I've seen in a while. I even feel more awesomer just walking around in them -- they probably even add maybe a quarter-inch in height because of the huge air pockets. Pretty awesome bonus = )", "When the shoes came they seemed very light and I was concerend about durability with my son wearing them six days a week for practices or matches from October to late-February.  They held up great and my son really liked wearing them. We will probably buy another pair when they go on sale again.", "Great shorts, either in the gym or just lounging.", "i got this for my husband, it came very prompt and the same condition described as they were selling it. very sturdy and reliable", "i bought this for casual use not for running. i have to say this one is THE most comfortable footwear i ever head! :Dthough i had problems with choosing color. on the photo it looks a bit darker (i mean the gray color)P.S.by the way this model is one of Dr. Houses favorites :)))", "I got these shoes for my daily use/running. they fit perfectly and are very good for running. I've been running regularly using these and I feel they are very comfortable.", "Shoes aren't a very complicated purchase for me.  As a runner, I go through a lot of running shoes.  I tend to order Nike because I know the size and it's easiest.  They look good and I still haven't re-injured myself yet.  Reasonably priced Nike shoes, what more can you ask?", "I wear a size 14 and they fit just right length-wise, but seemed to run just a tad wide. However, that just fine. Would rather have that issue than a shoe that ran too narrow. Have no complaints and shoes were complimented. However, like most Nike items, they are more aimed at being fashionable. A serious runner would probably want something with a tad more support. Otherwise, great product!", "The shoes are great. They are so good on the jeans, when my colleague saw them he asked me if I can order for him to. And I did.", "They are somewhat tight on the feet but overall they are good running shoes. You basically get what you paid for in this case.", "I am a US Marine and the entire time I have been in the service I have used these shoes (with the exception of basic training).  This is my 4th pair of the shoes.  I replace them about every 6 months, but I also use them more than most people", "I simply needed some nice comfortable running shoes.I've only gone on a few runs with these, but so far I haven't had any problems.These shoes are durable, good looking, and comfortable.Strongly recommend them!5 stars here!", "This shoe fits me perfectly.  In brands other than Nike I often have to use a modified orthotic but not in this shoe.  Pefect fit and feel with just the right support.", "The show is comfortable and it fits good.  I like the way it feel when I walk.  I like the color.", "Had to get a ton of supplies together for a big trip. Ended up buying a lot of them online which I usually avoid because any joe off the street could sell you a broken product for retail price. Surprisingly I had to buy shoes online for the next day, and even more surprising I got exactly what I ordered brand new the next day. Will defiantly order again,", "these sneaker suck. dont buy. very uncofortable. they dug into my foot and caused the skin burn. i would of sent them back but i already got rid of the box.", "I love the design and product was great only thing is it was little too tight  and bothers my husband when he runs", "I had Nike running shoes for years till it was falling apart at the bottom but I still couldn't throw them out because they were so comfortable and light.", "I have this for like two weeks now and they are great. Lightweight and cool. My socks are no longer wet after an hour of jogging and running from my old Nike speed shoes.", "These shoes fit so well, I walked around Disneyland two days and never had an issue. Very very comfortable shoes.", "Perfectly good running shoes. Compared to other shoes they are supportive (for ppl with flat feet). I use them for work where I stand for about 6-7 hours at the time and they feel great.", "I bought these to wear to work at my factory job, which involves walking on concrete floors for 12 hrs a night, 4-6 nights a week.Right out of the box they fit well and you can feel the springiness in the sole when you walk on a solid surface.After 2 months they are still comfortable and have &#34;molded&#34; to fit my feet better which makes them even more comfortable. Size is right on and they dry very quickly when wet.", "You can never go wrong with Nikes! I initially bought these to wear to the gym, but after the first time wearing them, they are incredibly comfortable. So, I started to wear them for my job as well where I am on my feet for several hours at a time. They not only fit perfectly and comfortable, but they look great too! I absolutely love them and will definitely be looking to purchase another pair or another pair like this soon. Also, i am a female who prefer men shoes because in my opinion, men tennis shoes are more stylish than women shoes.", "Good shoes for the price . Fits perfect and it's great for running and walking . I can't complain .", "These shoes look sharp! I hate to buy clothing and shoes online but these are a wonderful find. My son just loves them.", "I purchased these shoes for use in senior league play (55 yrs old). The support of the mid style is very helpful with weak ankles and the lightweight also is great. They shine like a new dime on the field and I'm happy. But, the price is what got me to buy in the first place - 29.95!! Thanks for the deal, Amazon.", "Please be careful when buying this shoe.I used the livestrong version of these shoes during a 4 month period of training between January and April 2012 where I covered over over 300kms, which I tracked with Nikes own sensor gadget.  The shoes are comfortable, but I have serious doubts about the \"blown rubber\" used in the sole and the stated design for neutral runners. On the right side I had excessive wearing of the midfoot to heel region, to the extent that the inner of the shoe poked through. This was repeated, but to a lesser extent on the left side. I run exclusively on roads and rough surfaces and found this type of rubber not sufficiently durable for those of us that cover a 80km+ a month.I sent these back to Nike, and after two \"assessments\" I was told that this pattern of wear was due to an \"external force\" being applied - which is amusing if not insulting, considering I have Nike's own sensor data to prove how much I ran in these shoes.In addition, the sensor socket seemed to repeatedly under value the actual distance I ran. I only found this out by using the same sensor in another pair of shoes without sensor socket and by measuring out my running distance with gps. In the Vomero 6 at least I would sometimes get a discrepancy of 2km per run - which I suspect is due to its thick sole.I have since moved on to a pair of New Balance minimus, which are much more suited to my running style, and show markedly less wear on the heels, despite my covering the same distances as with the Vomero 6.I'm still trying top get an answer from Nike on what \"external force\" means.I'm giving this product 2 stars instead of one - because they were comfortable to run in while they lasted, and the construction of the upper was satisfactory. Otherwise its a very high price to pay for something that isn't as durable as it looks - at least in the sole department.", "These shoes work great for my running style. I would say i fall into a light runner going 2-3 miles with a frequency of 4 days a week. I have a severe underpronation which has led to a fairly constant battle with my IT bands. I have put about 20 miles on them since they arrived.The fit was on the dot for my normal shoe size, they hug the contours of my feet and are very comfortable when laced and tied. The heels are cushioned and pretty springy, they maintain their comfort through the entire run. The rest of the sole is largely uncushioned but has good support. The weight of the shoe is to the point of being noticeable, but not over bearing.Overall im happy with the shoes, as long as they are durable enough to last me a while, I will continue to buy this line of shoes.", "I bought these to replace my old Nike Vomeros (5?). The last fits my feet perfectly and they provide the cushion that my 57 year old bones need.", "The Men's NIKE ZOOM VOMERO RUNNING SHOES are very comfortable running shoe. I have and will recommend to all I know.", "The nike shoe are great i bought six pairs . They are comfortable shoe , but the inner part where your arch is , is where the shoe hurt . I guess the plastic part of the shoe is digging into the side of the foot . That the bad part . I still like them . Thanks , Paula", "Delivery of the Nike Lunaglide+2's were very quick. The product appeared in great condition - brand new/never worn. Transaction was very easy, and completed with nil hassels. Thank you very much for a quality product, and a great price.", "I purchased these shoes for my son because he was long over due for a new pair, they looked good and the price was good. I also thought that the design of the shoe would serve their purpose for my son to break a couple of ankles. Hoop it up baby boi.", "Great shoe it fits amazing I play soccer every night it's amazing how it fits it feels like ur wearing noting for the price its amazing.", "Love this cleats!", "I have had my Nike Free Run+2 running shoes for about 2 months now, and I love them.  Prior to my Nike Free Run+2 running shoes, I only wore Nike Shox for running.  I believe the Free Run+2 is the superior running shoe.  They have a barefoot feel to them with the added benefits of the support a running shoe gives you.  I am not an avid runner, but I wear my Free Run+2 shoes not only for workouts, but also as for everyday shoe.  I would highly recommend these shoes, I rarely take mine off.", "I have played basketball competitively for nearly 15 years and in that time have owned dozens of pairs of basketball shoes.  I play a point guard/shooting guard position and the factors that matter to me the most when picking out a shoe are: comfort, weight, sole grip, and ankle support.Comfort:  These shoes come with a special foam insole that \"molds to your foot\" over time.  At first I was skeptical of how well this would work out, as my first days using the shoe they felt a little stiff and uncomfortable in the sole.  However, after about a week of play, the shoes really do develop a custom-fit feeling to them.  Another nice feature is the shoe's snugness; once you slip them on and lace them up, you'll notice that your whole foot feels like it's resting inside a glove.  You won't be able to slide around and you definitely won't feel like the shoe is going to slip off of you while playing.  The shoe is snug without being too tight or painful- a definite plus.Weight:  All I can say is wow! These are by far the lightest pair of basketball shoes I have ever owned.  I know there are some shoes out there that are indeed lighter, but in my personal experience the Kobe VI's really did a great job of slashing out unnecessary weight and taking a minimalist approach to this shoe design.  I feel like I can jump through the roof when I'm playing in these and I definitely don't feel like my feet are clunking down the court when I run in transition.Sole grip:  And what I mean by \"sole grip\" is the level of stickiness that the shoes have when playing on hardwood floor.  Some shoes do a poor job of providing players with friction when faced with a slightly dusty playing surface.  This can be the difference between making a  great defensive play or slipping and getting embarrassed by the person you are guarding.  The Kobe VI's do a remarkable job of staying grippy even on surfaces that are less than ideal for playing.  I really like this about these shoes.Ankle support: No one likes to roll an ankle while hooping and any basketball player will tell you that the most commonly sustained injury in basketball is a sprained ankle.  One of the best ways to avoid sprained ankles is to have shoes that offer sturdy ankle support.  Makes sense, right?  However, when picking out shoes you sometimes have to pick and choose what matters the most to you and what is going to be the most suited to your position and/or style of play.  Quicker, faster players (guards/point guards) usually like to have lightweight shoes that allow them to make sudden changes in direction without feeling bulky.  Stronger, more powerful players (forwards/centers) usually prefer shoes that have really high ankle support.  With this in mind, I would not recommend these shoes to a forward/center player.  The Kobe VI's are a low-cut shoe will not provide you with the ankle support you need to play one of these positions.  However, if you are like myself (guard/point guard) and do not mind sacrificing a bit of ankle support for less weight, while maintaining the ability to change direction on a dime, then these just may be the right shoes for you.All in all, I've owned my Kobe VI's for about 2 months now and I have really enjoyed the performance I have gotten out of them.", "These are of the most comfortable shoes I have worn.  I am NOT a basketball player but as everyday athletic shoes these rock.", "These are comfortable shoes. I wear them to walk my dog every morning and they feel good. I have been wearing the Overplay series for years and am very happy with them. I like a higher top shoe so I don't twist an ankle if I misstep.", "I purchased these shoes for my daughter because they looked good and the price was good.  I also thought that the design of the shoe would serve their purpose for my daughter to ball out of control on the court.  Hoop it up sista gurl.", "Nike should keep this style of sneaker,instead of changing it every year.  The fit is great,and the sole is long lasting.", "Love this shoe, bought a pair for my son after. Almost one year and still going strong.  Right size for my big feet.", "This was bought for the hubby who was pleased with both the style and fit. Delivery was prompt....and the price was great.", "I've been looking all over to find wide (4E) size shoes in stores. I couldn't so I ordered this to test out. Not only this shoes fits comfortably it's a good everyday shoes. No more irritation from side of feet or ankles. It breaths fine. It's also good for hills and long walks. It's on heavy side so I wouldn't use it for jogging or running. Other than that there were perfect for me.As for build quality, I only wore them 2 months so I can't say much about that, but so far no problem here.", "Great shoes comforable fit and light.  I am deployed overseas and needed a good pair becasue the military PX over here charges Nike price for garbage shoes. Glad Amazon is always there .", "I have a hard time finding wide size sneakers.  This is the only shoe that seems to fit me.  I walk 10 miles a day.  These shoes are good for about 150 miles.  :-)", "I will be buying these shoes every six months. I love them. They fit perfectly. I wear them everyday. LOVE", "I bought these for my daughter in laws father for a Christmas present. He loves them says they fit great and feel good on his feet.", "A lot of confort, perfect size, they could look a little nicer but, for the price, its a gret buy.", "These fit great and look great.  Had found them in the store and loved them so much that when I wore out the first pair I had to find them to get a 2nd.  A bit of venting on the sides of the shoes helps keep your feet cool.  Great padding and not super narrow for those of us with a bit wider foot.", "I got these shoes for my sons birthday and he really liked them. He's a runner and said these shoes are the perfect running shoes.", "I bought them for my son. He loves them. He has a wide foot and they are the only sneakers that fit comfortably.", "size was smaller, I do not served, however good care of you, do not place claim to be of Venezuela", "These are more of a cross training pair. Not that they wouldnt work for basketball. They could literally be used for any indoor/outdoor activity. Wear and tear is good on them thus far.", "Just like my old Nike sandals.  I couldn't find these sandals in stores anymore.  I am glad to have \"my\" comfortable style again.", "Got these shoes today, were VERY comfortable for about 30 minutes but then I started having some pain.  The part that supports the arch of the foot is somewhat hard and was putting pressure on that part of my foot.  It was even more uncomfortable when I was just standing around and not moving much.  I really wanted to like these shoes, but I am returning them tomorrow.  Paid $130 for them so I expected a lot more.  Maybe its my foot, but I know I've read other people having the same issues.", "I ordered these Nike Shox running shoes on a Tuesday night and they were at my doorstep by Thursday evening....earlier than I thought and I was really happy because I was leaving town in a couple days so I wanted to take the shoes with me. Nike makes great shoes and these are no different. Comfortable and great for an avid runner.", "NIKE WMNS LUNARELITE+ 2 WOMENS 429783-105 (5.5, WHITE/WOLF GREY-PRO PLATINUM-WOLF GREY), es un zapato muy bonito, tiene buena estructura y es comodo. Adem&aacute;s, sus colores son llamativo.", "These shorts are great for hot summers, they're breathable but not sheer, no need for anything underneath other than underwear. And they still have the durable feel. Highly recommend this product.", "It fit as expected and nicer than what it was in the picture. All the description was correct on the short.", "I would like to know what size are the NIKE Jordan Men's Shorts Durasheen, Obsidian / University Blue, thanksI would like to know what size are the NIKE Jordan Men's Shorts Durasheen, Obsidian / University Blue, thanks", "My husband is 6'1&#34; weighs 207, these shorts fit so awesome. No saggy crotch. He wears them to work out all the time, I bought several different colors.", "Not the quality of the real jordans. These have terrible stitching. Could barely open my pockets cause threads were cutting off the room by inaccurate stitching. Never again.", "I bought these for my son, who has very long legs (36 inseam)....he doesn't like the shorts that go above the knee, because he thinks they make his legs look funny.  These shorts fall below the knee and make my son happy.  If he's happy, then I'm happy!!", "The quality is excellent. The size of the actual. Weight 220 lbs Height 5'10&#34; subscribed size largeEmotions of the purchase have only positive", "Here's what I like about these: They have a fairly flexible front sole and soft thin upper, so one can ball- or midfoot-strike in these on shorter, faster runs.  Yet they have the canonical cushioning and heel rise, so if one's form becomes less than impeccable after a few hours of running, foot injuries are entirely avoided - at least for me.I've run in everything from Leguanos (German barefoot shoes so minimal they make Vibrams look like tanks), to Nike 3.0s (somewhere in-between) to these Lunareclipses as well as their brethren from Mizuno, Brooks, Asics 21XX, et al.  I love Leguanos and 3.0s for shorter runs, but I just can't do the 10 hour-type races and training in them without some kind of overuse injury creeping in after a couple of months.  I like to run the Lunareclipse+ during long training runs and races where I feel there's a danger of getting tired at the end, like Marathon+, Half-Ironmans, or Ironmans.  I'm on pair number 5, dutifully replacing them every 450 miles - although the soles look like new because I'm a short contact time, lightweight runner.", "I got these shoes when I just healed from having a broken metatarsal. They were the only shoes I could walk in that were enclosed at first. They're so comfortable. They're very supporting without being stiff. I love them.", "I don't run but if I did I'd be grease lightning in these bad boys!", "I was expecting these to be like the lunarglides, but they're not.  The sole is too stiff, so I am sending them back.  Bummer, because the colors are beautiful!", "good quality shoes, colors are just like the photo, materials are great, and they are very very light for a tennis", "The shoes fit to my feet and do a good job keeping me comfortable while I'm jogging or working on the elliptical.", "The picture is perfect, product is comfortable, gives a good grip on the skate board and I expect it to be durable enough.", "Hurt my ears", "ok", "Isn't it ironic that the thing that is supposed to protect your feet (shoes) acutally harms them. In particular I am referring to the atrocious \"barefoot technology\" touted by the Nike Frees. I can attest to the fact that those shoes are nothing like running or walking barefoot, and do you know why? It's because I just walked two miles up past the Mission in those shoes, and the two miles back barefoot. Now, this is probably why my brother thinks I should be made a ward of the state, a grown-ass woman walking around in the streets in bare feet in the summertime. Nevertheless, on the way up (shoes on) I was having pain in my right hamstring, stiffness in my ankles and could barely feel my feet. I felt like a Frankenstein. On the way back, everything harmonized and was made complete in my body, mind, and spirit. When I got back to the house, I threw those shoes right in the garbage can, then spent an indeterminate amount of time ecstatically watching a spider weave its web while eating salad. (My brother may have a point.)The feet are the hands that touch the earth--you want them to be free? Whenever possible, free them of shoes! I find it is more relaxing and safter to walk on grass, or sand, which made me think of the Buddhist teacher Pema Chodron who asks: does it make more sense to cover the whole world in leather, or make shoes for your feet? Buddhists say: Cold world no blanket. I say: We can work towards making the world a softer place, where it is safe to walk around bare-footed and truly free. We can be the softest most vulnerable creatures, completely raw and exposed and natural, and there is nothing wrong about that. Curse you Nike Free, curse you for costing $90, for being so shittily made in such poor conditions, and for being a lie.", "These are like wearing slippers.... get thin low cut socks and they look great!  I use them for exercising, hiking, and everyday wear and so pleased!", "I'm very happy with my purchase.  The shoes are everything promised (if not better).  Also, the price was great and the shipment early...you can't best that!", "This is my second pair of frees. I love them. I've run in Asics for years and then switched to vibram five fingers. After I fractured my metarsal, I had to switch to a regular shoe. The free offers the flexibility of the vibrams with a little extra cushion. I didn't give them five stars because this pair has a more narrow toe box than my first pair. I've run about 45 miles in them already and I still feel the toe box is narrow.", "As everybody know Nike shoes are the best I ever used, and those ones couldnt be the exception. They were a gift but my wife is so happy with them, she said they're really soft.", "I got these for my daughter for Christmas, she likes them and I know they will get a lot of use.", "These socks are ok but they are kind of tight for me. My shoe size is 11 or 11.5, I've tried other socks since this purchase and I've found better ones.", "Buenas medias de buena calidad muy c&oacute;modas con buen soporte en el tal&oacute;n y protegen muy bien los pies los colores son buenos tambi&eacute;n.", "Great sneaks for the price. a bit tight, but fit pretty well.  I am usually a size 10, but probably could've gotten a 10.5.  I don't wear these for running so no biggie... quick ship too...", "I had to wait for the price of the shoes to lower because of purchasing for a child.  Once they arrived, my daughter was so excited that she has been wearing them religiously!  They look nice!", "all ok that is what i am expect and i buy again and again thanks a lot again sorry my english is bad", "There is so much to say about these shoes, but here are some pros and cons.*Pros>Wide foot fit>High durability>Waffle grip design>Phenomenal support>Fun and noticeable color schemeCons&lt;Needs regular cleaning&lt;Not for mud or snow.", "Good Nike running shoes. Provide real nice cushoning. I had Air Pegasus before, will have probably also in the future.", "These shoes are very heavy. Sturdy, big tread, and very stiff at first. The first 3 miles I ran in these I thought they were 10 ply tire treads pasted to an upper; very stiff. The next 3 miles I was very happy with the roll and flow. The tread is excellent for trails and if you know in advance you are getting a heavy trail training shoe, you'll love these. If you do not like concrete blocks on your feet while training, these aren't for you. For serious trail runners looking for a solid shoe that will work you - get 'em.", "Great price on this brand new Nike Nutmeg backpack in Black.  Actually, more features than the description indicated. Overall great product at a great price!", "I am not really happy for the item. It's so big and I did not expect for that.", "The backbag zipper was broken. I was referred by a friend to get the bag but it wasnt comfortable. complete waste of money", "Great Bag and is very light!", "wow they found ronald mcdonalds shoes!!!  These shoes get the uglyest shoes in the universe award.I almost thru up a little in my mouth when i saw theses.", "They are so stylish and last like nothing I've ever purchased.  And comfortable beyond belief!!  PLEASE KEEP MAKING THEM NIKE!!!", "Meets my demands!", "I got a little obsessed with green this year and I wanted everything green. I found these shoes at a good price for Jordans. I ordered them one morning for regular shipping and it was at my home the next afternoon. They fit well and comfortable. I am wearing them today! The seller even went the extra mile to add in a 5 hour energy. I am not a 5 hour energy fan, but that is a good gesture from a business.", "For me this style of running shoes (I run 30-40 miles a week) had turned out to be the very best in comfort, support and longevity, It is a pricy shoe but, hey these are your feet and legs we are talking about here, they are worth it.", "I love the Penny's and I can wear them to just wear them. However, I can't play basketball with them because I wear 9's and it hurts to play in them. I should have bought 10's.", "the shoes are very nice and exactly the size i wanted. i was very impressed by the prompt shipment and quick delivery. i highly recommend this seller. will obviously come back to do business again and again!", "This was the 3rd pair of shoes that I purchased for my daughter as the sizes run a little small or I should say narrow.  Well made and she said that she felt taller.  Generally don't purchase shoes as expensive as these for an 8 year old ($94) but she wanted them and what is a Dad going to do...  We purchased the all white shoe and they were hard to find (I assume that was the reason for the high price), but all in all... she's happy and that what you want at the end of the day.", "Awesome pair of shoes, I have gotten a lot of compliments on them! Comfortable, stylish, and durable. That is everything that makes up a great pair of shoes!", "GREAT SHOES.  I HAVE 3 DIFFERENT STYLES, ALL LEATHER, BUT THEY ARE 2 SIZES SMALLER THAT THEY ACTUALLY ARE LABELED.  IF YOU ARE A SIZE 11, ORDER A SIZE 13...THEY WILL FIT PERFECT.", "Got these for my hubby for fathers day.  He wore them when we were teens and he absolutely loved them.  Figured we would bring it back!!!", "Heads up people. These run at least a half size smaller than what sizing chart says! Had to return mine.", "Nike shoes tend to be sized slightly different than brands such as New balance or Adidas. I tend to wear a size 11.5 in those brands however in Nike I ordered a size 12 and the shoe could not fit my foot any better! I use these shoes for my clinical rotations in the hospital where I am up on my feet for 12+ hours and they keep my back, knees, and feet very comfortable.", "This is the one and only shoe my hubby will wear. He has tried others but has worn this Nike forever. Good price, last a long long time", "I bought this shoe about a year ago, I used it for walking every morning. It's so comfortable and offers the shock absorbency that I needed for walking/jogging I do. They also have great arch support!!  I use the past tense because my teenage daughter borrowed them and I never saw them again. She uses them for her sports like running, jogging, soccer, etc. I am buying another pair so I can enjoy them again too! Awesome cross training shoe! You won't be sorry!", "Nike Air Pegasus+ 28 are very comfortable shoes. Unfortunately they are running a little bit small in size. I realize it when it was too late to return them - I wore them outside. I would buy them again if they would have calmer colors. I wish it would have more toe protection.", "I tried on about 40 pairs of running shoes before realizing I loved these (they were the second pair of those 40 btw).. I had salespeople in a big box store giving me the eye - you know that look, the one that says \"You've been here far too long, please get out\". After buying them, I let these shoes sit in my room for a couple days, staring at them in bewilderment because they are the first hot pink item I have ever owned, the first non-black shoe, and the first pair of Nike's to ever grace my feet.. We had an adjustment period. Then, everything got on my nerves and I had to run.So there's me, in solid black clothes and gleaming white and fuschia shoes, internet radio blaring in my ears, 103 degree Texas sun trying to kill me, surgically rebuilt knee just waiting for me to land wrong so it can give me grief for days, and we went. I hadn't been running for about three weeks and had pretty much just been drinking my face off that whole time, so yes, it ached.. Yes, I might've thrown up on the side of the road in front of people on their morning commute, and yes, my thighs were on fire after .3 miles.. But it was a different fire than before. This was a fire that said RUN FATTIE! RUN FASTER! STOP INSULATING YOUR INNER HOT CHICK WITH MOUNTAINS OF FLAB AND GO ALREADY! YOU CAN WEAR A BIKINI IN THE WINTER IN TEXAS! IT'LL STILL BE 90 DEGREES!! So for the first time ever, I ran 2 miles (usually I do a walk/run interval program) and when I made it back to the house 25 minutes later, drenched in my own juices and screaming on a cellular level for water, MY LEGS AND FEET FELT GOOD.. No better than good, they felt STRONG.I would love to take credit for that feeling and say that I felt that way because I'm totally ripped and take care of myself, but last night I had three cups of coffee and a cupcake for dinner. It was these shoes. And apparently, they have the capability to tell you just how awesome they are all by themselves (although I have no idea what Nike + is) so you don't even need me. But since there are only four other reviews, I feel like you do. You want to run more than you realize, and these shoes can and will let you know that. But yknow, you have to buy them first :)", "awesome arch support.  my feet don't hurt even after working a 12 hour shift.  I won't ever buy any other work shoes again.  And they lasted almost a year before the support broke down down.  They are washable; I washed them  a couple times a month and they tolerated it just fine.  Love the colors, too... I had the turquoise/light blue shoes and have never gotten so many positive comments on a pair of shoes (from men and women alike).  Looking for another pair now!", "I bought this shoe for fitness class. Light shoe, true to size, great support for aerobics! I would buy again.", "I have numerous feet problems and love the cushion of the Pegasus!  The fact that it has the Nike + that I can hook up to my ipod is even better.  I love the fact that I can log my walks!", "Afterward checking (and try)different brands, I chose Nike; this are my first nike shoes and I must confess, no regrets about it. This model is very confortable and light, its design does not hurts my feet and are very proper for jogging as a hobby, (I haven't used them for long runing yet).Despite of the fact that in another review it is said, the size is one smaller, based on my personal experience, I can say there is no diference in comparison with the shoe size from other brands I've got.I recommend go to the shop, try on the same model you like, and check your size before buying.I Widely recomend Nike Pegasus FitSole 28...", "4E wide feet there aren't many options to choose from in the athletic shoe department.  I have been wearing New Balance shoes for YEARS.  I love New Balance shoes, I know a 10.5 4E New Balance will fit me no matter what style it is.  I sometimes even wear a 2E in New Balance.  But I just wanted something a little different than same old New Balance.Well most of the Nike in 4E are just plain ugly and look like they make them specially for an outlet store or something.  Not these Air Pegasus, they look and feel very nice.  Nike's always ran small from what I remember and these are just a tad snug compared to my New Balance, but it could have to do with them being brand new.  Walking around in them they are SUPER comfortable and feel like pillows of awesome on my feet.  Highly recommended, if they continue to wear nicely then I might think of picking up another color if they get them in the 4E size.", "This is a perfect shoe for most runners. There is more than enough support (especially in the midfoot), so if you have flat feet, there won't be any problems. While there is alot of cushion, the Pegasus is still a lightweight shoe. If you are a runner who plans on doing any type of speedwork, this shoe can take care of those needs. In fact, most top collegiate running programs sponsored by nike offer this shoe to their athletes because of its versatility. The shoe is also durable. I've been using the Pegasus for over a year and my last two pairs lasted for over 350 miles with no injury. Bottom line, plenty of stability with a lightweight ride.", "I am currently serving a tour in Iraq and I was in dying need of some new running shoes. So one night I decided to browse online to compair prices and I came upon this deal that I knew I couldn't pass up, not only did it came with in 2 weeks but the product was just the same as it was in the picture and discribtion. I would definitely buy from this seller again! Thank you Sucream!", "After seven months of running an average of 4 miles per day including a half marathon, these shoes are still comfortable and supportive. Very little structural damage has been incurred, which could not be said for previous Nike running shoes that I have used. The big toe cover has no hole in it! I'm thinking seriously about getting a second pair if only I could find a wide version here. That's all. I'm going running now.", "Don't even waste your time, instead get a pair of New Balance shoes. Another thing that irked me about these shoes is that an area that was originally exposed mesh is now covered with a layer of translucent plastic which restricts breatheability.", "I have been through 4 pairs of Nike all ending with holes in the soles, this last pair I bought less than 6 mos ago, $ 109., and they too have a hole in the sole just like the first 3 pairs.  Done w Nike", "I would recommend this to anyone whom I like ;-).I love the way it feels when I jog. I am glad I bought these.", "I wear these tops 6 days a week at the gym and Nike is my favorite brand, as I am short-waisted and they tend not to run as long as most other brands (lululemon, lucy etc.)  I took a chance ordering on line, as I though I had this top in other colors but this one was a FAIL.  The fabric was more cotton based (less lycra in the fabric to hold shape) and it flared out at the bottom.  Looks awful and is at the bottom of my drawer still with tags.  (Return would have been a hassle.  I think it came from England or something?)  I've just decided to only try on every piece in a store first and only order online if it is the EXACT item I have already worn/tried on etc.", "I did not buy these from an Amazon seller which really does not matter. If you run or plan on running DO NOT BUY THESE. In the first wearing they began to create blisters on the back of my ankles. Unslightly bruising especially during the summer. Upside is they are light weight.", "I've had these shoes for a couple of years now.  I bought them after a trip to Famous Footwear, where I tried on every pair of Nikes (and a couple of other brands of athletic shoes) in the place.  I was looking to replace an older pair of Nikes and was very particular about the amount of cushioning under the ball of my foot.  None of the other Nikes had the right sort of \"bounce\" to them in that area, nor did any of the other brands of shoes, but this pair had exactly what I was looking for.Some background: I don't actually use these for running (I can't run because I have a bad right knee).  I do use them for jogging/walking intervals on my treadmill, for my Urban Rebounder, for step aerobics, for weight lifting workouts (e.g., P90X, including Plyometrics), and for martial-arts-based cardio DVDs (e.g., Les Mills Combat).  With respect to high-impact aerobic activities, I feel like these really do an excellent job of cushioning and supporting my feet, with effects that extend all the way up the leg -- I don't get any knee pain from jumping around.I have average-sized feet and these are the perfect width for me.  Unlike some of the other reviewers, I have not had any issues with the backs of my ankles with these shoes.  I typically wear them with thin, ankle-high socks.They fit appropriately, but there's a little vertical room.  This is great because I usually put inserts in the shoes to help with my plantar fasciitis.  The shoes still fit quite well with the inserts in.These shoes are also holding up after several years of use.  The only thing I'm not thrilled with is the color (I have the gray and neon pink ones; personally would've preferred mostly white), but since I pretty much only work out when I'm alone in my living room, I can live with that.", "As described.  Bought for my daughter who is playing field hockey.  Good fit, but I don't know about hold up yet.", "This shoe is comfortable and looks great. It does run a little small so I'd recommend getting a half size bigger than you normally do.", "I haven't had athletic shoes that fit me this well in years, and they look great too! I wear a size 12 and my feet are narrow so I have a really hard time finding a good fit. These shoes exceeded my expectation by far!", "These shoes run small. My big toe was hitting the end of the shoe so it made it uncomfortable. I ended up returning the shoe. Cute looking shoe but very disappointed.", "Very light weight and comfortable after all day wear.  I think I'll buy another pair for when these wear out.  True to size.", "Absolutely Love these shoes. They are exactly what is described and fit like a glove. Love the color got alot of compliments and most important they are comfortable. Highly Recommend :)", "I have a hard time finding shoes that fit. I have neuropathy and most shoes hurt my feet but the Dart 9 running shoe is great. I walked in them the first day I got them and they didn't feel like a new shoe.", "This is my &#34;go to&#34; shoe.  I like Nike shoes in general because they are well-made and lightweight.  I wear this shoe a lot and it is very comfortable.  It is true to size.", "Product is fine. Fair quality but I'm not sure 50 dollars is for much more than the brand name. Completely satisfied. Just wanted some tennis shoes that wouldn't fall apart after a couple of months of cleaning and working in the yard.", "Nike never disappoints my as far as fit, durability and style.  This company is the only athletic shoe that fits my foot at the heal.  I would recommend this shoe.", "These are the best pair of all around walking/exercising shoes I've purchased in the past several years - true to size, great comfort, and good durability.  Seller shipped quickly!", "Very good Nike shoes excellent quality and originals, comfortable, the color and the design is exactly the same as the picture", "I bought this from a shoe store at a crazy discount and thought to give it a pessimistic try. it is the best work shoe i have ever owned to date and i am looking for another pair but can't seem to find it anywhere! I work night shift and do a whole lot of work on my feet but thanks to these gel-soft shoes i am able to handle the work loads easier. The shoe itself is almost feather weight and it is almost as soft as a stress ball you would find in a toy store but this shoe is stronger as heck! i have gone through many shoes from my job and it boggles my mind how the softest shoe is actually also the strongest. I really wish they would sell these again and in more colors so i can buy one my cycling weekends and another for work too!", "This was a gift for my son and he loved it,very good price and good fit. I was very pleased with this purchase.", "I thought this year I would buy my son better cleats but I found that these cleats don't have much padding, so I will have to put in inserts.  :(", "I am very happy with this purchase!  The Nike Brasilia 5 Small Duffle Grip is the perfect bag for me.  I orderd the pink/black bag; the colors are vibrant and the bag is GORGIOUS!  The bag is the perfect size to take to the gym and it would also work as an overnight/weekender bag.  I love the side pockets.  The pocket on one end holds a lot and zips closed.  It has a bit of ventilation....  The pocket on the other end is open at the top and would be good for a water bottle or anything that you need easy access to.", "This bag has a nice bicolor very easy to clean and it looks nice and excellent for small locker has separate compartments for sneakers what clothes and a small zipper to keep your money or valuables", "OK, so I cheated on Amazon on this one.  I bought this bag on ebags.com after following another reviewers advice that ebags had a better deal on it.  In total, it ended up being $5 cheaper.  It seems that ebags.com is the Amazon of bags and has great prices.  I bought this bag solely to use as a gym bag.  I was not sure exactly what size I needed, but am glad that I settled on the small bag versus the medium size bag which would surely be too big of a gym bag for most people.  Based on what other bags I see at the gym, this is the same size almost everyone uses.  My only complaint with this duffel is that it could use one more, preferably mesh, pocket on the outside.  Other than that, it is perfect for what I am using it for.  I normally pack a towel, weight belt, two water bottles, gloves, sandals and a change of clothes without there being a ridiculous amount of extra room.  If i were traveling with this bag, I would expect to be able to pack three days of clothes, a pair or two of shoes and all of my toiletries, making it a perfect bag for weekend trips.", "Good bag, good fabric, seems to be durable, we use it all the time...Although the shoulder strap could be more comfortable.", "This duffel was a gift for my husband to use as a gym bag.  He is very happy with it.  Fits all of his gym gear just fine.  He likes the wet pocket too.  It is made very well and seems very sturdy and hope it lasts for a long time.", "perfect size, and perfect condition. as explained, great deal. I would recommend for others wanting a nice gym bag. love it", "The shoes run small and narrow. Not much arch support. The toe box doesn't have much padding for soccer. For the money there are probably better deals on Amazon.", "The shoes were for my son and they were PERFECT!! Great look and perfect fit.  Very Pleased!! I will be sure to always check this site again.", "I love these sneakers because they are very comfortable, and they move when you want to move. they are great for just wearing, running, or exercising.", "These are my new everyday shoes and I am really happy with them. I tend to wear shoes hard and these Nikes are holding up to the abuse.", "I love these shoes but they are very hard to find!  They are comfortable, especially if you have foot issues.  They are very supportive and cushy.", "I swear by Nike Air Max 95's so comfortable, great height, its just perfect and the color is vivid and exactly like the photo. Everyone loves them and have asked where to buy them, I tell them &#34;Amazon&#34;, if there are any left :) Lots of compliments. Definitely recommend and will be buying more in other colors.", "You are advised to buy one size smaller than your normal size and I confirm that this is about right; to be exact, they run about 3/4 size smaller. Of course, the sole is BRIGHT lime green, so be sure you can handle that!", "great material, but it fits a little tighter than I desire", "very unhappy with product! The Nike emblem was  peeling and fell off!! very displeased! I don't know if i will ever order clothes online again since there is no QUALITY CONTROL present. This was a obvious defect but yet it was sent to me anyway.", "Delivery was quick so no problems there.As for the shoe, I couldn't be happier. Mainly used at the gym indoors but stands out when running outdoors. Definitely benefiting from the dynamic stability as I am an under-pronator. Heel cup gives the shoe a snug feeling which is a plus.Overall opinion - impressed.", "I received the shoes days before I was told by amazon to expect them. When I opened the box that the shoes were sent in, I found that they were in better condition than some shoe stores sell their products. The shoes fit perfectly, are extremely comfortable, and look great. In the future, I will look to buy from them over other vendors.", "I've really enjoyed owning this pair of shorts for the bulk of this running season.  It is a vast improvement over running in regular old athletic shorts, the integrated inner is much better than cotton or other materials.  These shorts are also nice in that they aren't too short, I don't ever feel like that scene from the movie \"Juno\" where the track team goes running by, and that's good for a casual runner like myself.The biggest problem I have with them, other than the standard smell retention of artificial fibers like this (inherent to all products, not just this one), is that the drawstring doesn't really feel like it does much.  It is two separate strings, not a one piece loop, and I never feel like I can cinch them down tight against my waist, as soon as I tie the knot tight it binds immediately.  It's not a big problem since the shorts aren't loose on me, but it's annoying that the option doesn't really exist.", "I really like these shorts.  The compression shorts are a great fit, and I love the zip pocket on the back for small items.", "These Nike runnig shirts are the best shirts I have ever tried! The material is soooo confortable that you really run happy!And the fact that these shirt were bought from a seller from UK, the seller is fantastic with the service and the prices!!GO for Nike Miler Dri-Fit UV Short Sleeve T-Shirts from SportsShoes Unlimited.", "These are just plain awesome as far as the look. Got a great deal on them and they are as expected. May run about 1/2 size small. Also, sole is more foamy than rubber, except at the very bottom. Green on sidea may scuff.Hope they hold up. Son's favorite color being hard to find made these worth it.", "Product is perfect for water related uses.  Fits well and is very comfortable.", "Love these shoes... took maybe 3 days to \"break\" them in...  super comfy! great colors! Wear them everyday for work", "My son loves this shoe!  He has had several pair of the Lunar series and keeps going back to them.  Great price and shipping was very timely!", "The quality was way way below the standard of nike. I am now wondering if this is really a nike product or just an imitation.", "I love the look of these and they feel great on.  The mesh makes for quick drying after a good sweat.So why did I only give them three stars?Well, if I would have written the review right away it would have been five stars but I have noticed over time (a short period of time at that) that there's a weak spot on these socks.  When you pull them on you grip right below the upper border and maneuver them over your feet.  When pulling them snug to your lower ankle the material sort of gives a bit and your fingers go through the mesh.  Not all the way through but you hear a bit of ripping so it's just a matter of time before they do, I suppose.  I haven't poked through, yet, but that area looks distorted so I'm betting I'll poke through soon.This has happened on every pair even though I try to be careful.  It seems as though there should be some reinforcement right in that particular area instead of the thin meshy material.  I don't think they will last as long as I expected them to.", "these socks are not the real ones, there is an a lot better version of these that feel more comfortable and a lot better, these don't look nothing like the other ones, they're a lot comfy that this and look a lot better, when you put them in the dryer the can get a little smaller and not too tight but they are not definitely the original sucks, and im telling you they are not because i have 6 pairs of the original and 6 pairs of these, and they are both different and they look the same in the bag they came in.", "The fit and quality looked good, but within one month, I threw away 3 of the 6 pair I purchased.  I wear these on my daily walks of 3.5-4.5 miles. As a 62 year old guy with a total knee relplacement, I don't think I am too tough on clothing.  The socks developed holes in the bottom, and this appears to be a consistent problem at least with the lotIi received. I would think that Nike would be more concerned about the quality of the product that displays their logo.  Very disappointed.  I will not buy these again.", "These are made of very good quality fabric and extremely comfortable.  I not only wear them for golf, but other times too.", "good fit, the only complaint i might have is that they are sized small. I can live with a snug fit", "Great pair of socks, have the dri fit quality that soaks up the sweat while working out to keep your feet dry", "It is fantastic that Nike makes this shoe in large sizes.  This shoe receives a 5 star for being available for larger feet.  It is durable, lightweight and fits!", "My son has pretty much owned every basketball shoe as he plays year round. I get so tired of buying expensive Nikes that fall apart pretty quickly. Finally we got a shoe that lives up to it's reputation. It performs well, it hasnt fallen apart has good ankle support and cosmetically it holds up too! Thats a huge plus for a change! Money well spent!", "You'd have to be crazy to buy this shoe for $700!  Or perhaps I've been sleeping through the election and its 2016, after Obama really screwed up our economy.  Then $700 might be pretty cheap.", "It holds my stuff great.This is my 1st gym bag. So happy with it. Only thing is that its flimsy and does not hold its shape.", "Gave as a gift only to find out later from the person who received it that the material was worn on one side and had little holes in it. I'm sure it was a fluke that I got a bag that was damaged. Unfortunately, too much work to try to get gift back from person to return. Otherwise, perfect size to fit a basketball and gym clothes and shoes. That is what I was looking for.", "Great duffle bag. My son utilize it for football and its great..awesome for sport equipment.easy to carry and nice quality.", "i really like this bag...its the same from the picture, i was a little worried that its gonna be too small...but no, its perfect, big bag perfect to travell or go to the hospital like myself...and its nike :D", "It's exactly how it's described and it's very durable. Very spacious too!Came very quickly and I was able to use it right away.", "Everything we expected! Fits all the football equipment, but my son is still able to carry it by himself. Very nice!", "Although the measurements are listed, I expected a much smaller bag.  I'm able to everything I need for the gym in this bag and still have lots of room left over!  I love it and was a pleasant surprise", "First of all I could not believe how fast this got to my house! I ordered it late on a Saturday night and it arrived at my house on Monday--& I live in a tiny town down a dirt road!I bought the bag for my daughter's birthday and when I opened the box I thought the bag was really small, but I had two wrapped shoe boxes and several other wrapped gifts that I &#34;hid&#34; inside it and there was still room. My daughter was really pleased with the size. She said the bigger one would be too unwieldy on the bus, and that this one had plenty of room for her sports equipment and change of clothes. The only thing we were disappointed in was that the only colors available were this navy blue and black.", "Even this medium is pretty large! Don't be fooled by the picture, this bag has a ton of space! Has a main compartment, 2 smaller side compartments, and another feature is the padded area on the strap for shoulder comfort. My everyday gym/park bag as of now. 5/5", "Good quality - very happy.  Worked well as a carry on for a two night trip.  Didn't have to check in a bag.", "This is the perfect gym bag for my needs. It is big enough to store just about everything I need to in a gym bag - shoes, change of clothes, workout clothes, swimming costume. It even has some extra space left in case I need to take the kids to the pool at the gym, fits their clothes as well just right. The material is synthetic so it is durable and water resistant. Looks sharp!", "I love my new duffle bag. The pink is so cute and vibrant. And for it to be the medium its a very nice size. I use it as a traveling weekend bag and its very easy to carry whether its on the shoulder or u carry it by hand.", "I bought this bag in grey/black and my husband loves it. It's very lightweight but sturdy and he loves the pocket with the vents so he can put his gym shoes in it. He also liked the small pocket on the inside of the bag to put his keys and phone in so he doesn't have to dig around to find them. It also arrived much faster than the estimated ship date.", "Nice size bag, holds more than expected.  Was not really sure of the size when I was ordering the bag.Delivery was really fast, had expected to have to wait a long time but I received it within in one week after placing the order.", "My husband loves this duffle.  He uses it primarily to go to the gym.  He's able to fit two full size racquet ball racquets, towels, extra clothes, sneakers, water bottle, etc.  He could probably fit triple that...  It's huge and very light weight.  Awesome bag - we're very happy with it and would recommend it to anyone.", "I bought this bag from Dick's Sporting Goods and it is significantly better than my last gym bag.It's extremely lightweight but has a lot more room than your average bag without looking too bulky.I am concerned about the thickness of the fabric but we will see how it holds up.One question I have is what the elastic straps on the bottom of the bag are for? They are attached with a tag tie and look like they are supposed to be removed. Anyone know?", "I am delighted with the size and quality of my gym bag, but would like a place to put my damp towel after a workout. Dirty clothes conveniently go in one of the side compartments and my collection of shampoos,etc go in the other side compartment. therwise a great bag that I think will serve me for many years.", "Perfect size and true to color shown on site! My husband uses it everday for the gym. Could not be happier!", "I liked the bag a lot and got a lot of use from it for about a year in a half. I kept it in my car and over time the top began to peel off pieces of the material. Great size to fit my needs just wish I kept it out of my car now.", "My husband uses this bag for the gym and for weekend travels. Good, durable material and zippers. My husband can finally get rid of his ripped gym bag.", "You can't imagine how much this holds. It is rugged and roomy very light.  Even when full not heavy to carry.", "Thought it had a smell for a long time. Washed it a few times. Don't seem to notice now. Also, the medium is WAY to large for my needs. I get shoes, towel, shorts, socks, shirt and still have the same amount of room or more left over. Should have gotten small. End pockets are nice for shower shoes and shampoo and soap.", "i HAD BEEN USING MY BACK PACK TO GO TO THE GYM - THIS WORKS SO MUCH BETTER - i LOVE THAT IT HAS A PLACE FOR MY SHOES. IAM HAPPY WITH IT", "High product quality, the colors are much more cute to have it in your hands, I read other reviews that they said that the size was not ideal but for me is right paraa carry your stuff to the gym or do your workouts, I recommend it.", "I am by no means low maintenance, so for a while there my morning gym routine involved lugging three bags full of straightening irons, blow dryers, make up and, of course, my work clothes, to and from the gym. Add in that I do double days (and don't particularly like re-wearing sweaty morning gym clothes) and I REALLY needed a sturdy, large gym bag. This bag fits everything with room to spare but doesn't feel too bulky, and fits easily in my gym locker. It also doesn't feel like it is about to buckle from the weight. Highly recommend. The only thing I wish it had was a small pocket for my keys and gym lock.", "the bag is of good quality cloth and not cheap plastic.  been using it as a gym bag  for the last month and so far so good...we'll see how long this bag will last.  my last bag was a fila with plastic inside but it lasted 5yrs before the straps started tearing.", "I initially wanted to get this as a gym bag for my boyfriend. Read all the great reviews on the bag and decided to go ahead and make the purchase. Got to the checkout page and the total came out to $41.99. Found the same exact bag cheaper on ebags.com for a discounted price of $28.99 with FREE SHIPPING! So, I decided to cancel my order and bought the bag from ebags.com... Great bag, my boyfriend loved it for going to the gym purposes. However, check out other websites that may sell the same bag for a bit cheaper before you order yours on Amazon.", "I am really enjoying this duffel bag for gym use. It holds plenty of stuff including my sneakers on one side pocket and pool sandals on the other. A complete change of clothes and plenty of other stuff only takes up half of the main area. Hopefully it last for a few years . . .", "I was generally disappointed. The material is pretty thin. The &#34;shoe&#34; pocket barely holds my 9 1/2 high tops, that have to be placed back to front  and you can't easily insert them without touching the soles. I use this primarily as a gym bag and it is too large, unstructured and lacking compartments. Unless your normal routine is to arrive and depart in work out clothes, and carry a lot of equipment, this is not your bag...", "I like the bag-it is a solid quality and as described. Not much else to say as it is a gym bag-they are hard to mess up. Good space and the right amount of compartments for towels, squirt bottles, supplements, etc.", "my son was going to a family reunion that Thursday  night and it came that Wednesday  afternoon..Right on time and he loved it!! just the right size for everything to fit shoes and all!!!", "Nice, large Nike duffle bag with separate zippered compartments on the side. Very pleased with size and overall quality of bag.", "I do too many 2-3 day trips where I want to carry on a soft bag, lots of regional airplanes in my life.After trying a couple different brands I grabbed this and I am very pleased.  The bag is well made and sturdy, the stitching appears strong.  Both the handles and shoulder strap are securely attached.  Most important to me is that there are many ways to creatively overstuff the bag without damaging it.The are separate pockets on each end.  One is vented so it's great for workout clothes.  They're also nice for holding the ziplock bags you have to pull out for airport security.I'd imagine that this is a bit large for a workout bag, but great for weekend travel", "This bag has made my life so much easier. I carry all of my gym stuff in it and still have room to spare.", "I love this bag! I was a bit hesitant on purchasing it because of the reviews stating the odor, the size, and the quality but everything was quite the opposite for me! The size is perfect! I can fit a magazine, shoes, lifting straps, hooks, hoodie, and all my other wo gear and more in the bag. The bag doesn't have a smell and the seams are fine. I have no issues with the bag whatsoever! I love it!", "This bag is petite and fits me very well. Holds my shoes and change of clothes. Has only 1 pocket inside so keeping all my things organized is a challenge. I am very satisfied with the bag!", "This product looks awesome and is perfect for going to the gym. I was able to get everything into it and had some extra room. Great buy!", "The product it's exactly as described, I bought this bag to take to Gym and I like it, it does the job. I recommend it.", "the size is perfect. It's not to big and not to small. it is well made and looks sporty. It has only two compartments so its simple to find and separate my gym stuff.", "Perfect size for the gym.  I can fit my running shoes, water bottle, socks, change of clothes, body wash, and a large 1 gal. Ziploc bag with various accessories.  I wish the outer pocket zipped from both sides to create better control of whats in it (like the top zipper).  Overall, I am very happy with it.  Its roomy and does what I need it to do.", "It is not too small, but it is also not too big!If you have a personal locker at gym, then then the bag fits very well!", "Great quality.  Size is perfect.  I do not want to use my old giant gym bag anymore. This fits everything perfectly.", "The Product was great! Not too big or small either. Just the perfect fit. I'm giving it as a gift to my bestfriend. She's in 4 sports. Student's Run L.A, Cross Country, Soccer, and Softball. The bag has a great amount of space inside without looking like a big bag or a small bag, you can fit a lot of things such as shoes, clothing, another shoesxD ...  and many more! And I'm pretty sure my betfriend will love this!:D ... hopefully^.^ , but I love it. Imma buy more in the future>;D . I Would totally recommend it^.^", "Purchased this for my husband. I can fit all his clothes and his shoes without having to cram everything together. Good quality and material. No problems thus far. Very happy with the purchase.", "Looks small but it's actually big from inside fits 4 sets of clothes tennis sandals n pre-work out i love it", "This bag is a perfect fit.  It's not too big and not too small.", "Nike Brasilia Duffel is good for the price.  It was smaller than I thought which is awesome since I was looking for a compact duffel i can carry around to work, gym, tennis without it getting in the way while walking through doors and corridors.  Stitching is clean and construction is sturdy.  Design is simple and can fit most essentials.However, if I were to recommend anything to the designers of this bag, it would be:1.  Please add more storage compartments - I usually carry my phone, wallet, money and small toiletries in this bag.  Everytime, I open the side pocket, everything spills out.  Also, since this is usually used with sports, there needs to be a compartment that may allow storage for a water bottle.2.  Perhaps some padding for the shoulder strap -  although this doesn't cause any discomfort at all, it maybe more comfortable when carrying this thing for longer distances and with heavier weight.Otherwise, this duffel bag is perfect for everyday use.", "Very attractive looking bag.  My tennis shoes will fit in the outside zippered compartment with some manuevering (or can put shoes inside).  There are no other pockets on outside of bag.  There is one pocket inside to put cell phone or smaller items.  On one upper end of bag, there is a mesh vented area to allow for ventilation but otherwise the bag is solid all the way around.If you carry alot of misc. stuff to gym, this may be too small.  But, it will easily hold a change of clothes, shoes, water, and still have room for other paraphenalia.  The interior of the bag is black.I love the size but more outside pockets would be nice.", "I love this bag. It's small but perfect for my work out gear! I can take a change of clothes in it too! Perfect compartments for my heart rate monitor and toiletries. Love it!", "I love the size, its a perfect little bag to bring to the gym. I can just bring one change of clothes and some other stuff (water bottle, towel, etc) in it which is just what I was looking for. I would recommend it for anyone who just wants something small to carry stuff around or to the gym like me.", "My 13 year old daughter plays countless school sports. This duffel bag is perfect...and so much nicer than using a drawstring bag. It's a square type of bag, so it fits in a locker or under the seat on the school bus.", "I didnt like this bag because its too small , I thought it was bigger , its like a woman's purse", "5 years ago Nike had a 19-inch duffel bag that was perfect. It had exterior pockets at both ends, one of which was ventilated. It had a small interior zipper pocket in the main compartment. It just fit under the seat when you had to change to a commuter plane that had tiny or no overhead compartments. You could reach your water bottle or food or book right in front of your feet. Unfortunately this new 19-inch bag doesn't have the same design, doesn't have the nice pockets. There are 21-inch bags with pockets, but they are too big for commuter planes. It's frustrating when a good product (the old 19-inch duffel) disappears.", "IT FITS PERFECTLY AND IT'S COLOR IS SHINY AND FUN FOR KIDS. VERY LIGHT AND WELL MANUFACTURED. I RECOMMEND IT.", "I purchased for my daughter and she loves them. she says they are comftorable and they look cute on her when she rocks her skirt and outfits... not too boyish with the color scheme.", "You can't beat the comfort of these Nike thongs.  I wear Nike thongs all summer long.  I will be taking these with  me on my vacation in Jamaica.  They are great to slip off at the pool and slip into when you get out of the pool.  I recommend Nike Thongs to all my family and friends.  My daughter-in-law is also a fan.", "I bought these shoes last week and have been wearing them quite a bit to try and break them in but they are just way to stiff and hard for my liking. This is a excellent looking shoe but the quality is typical Nike in my opinion. The leather stains easy and over all material quality feels cheap for a shoe that costs this much. I think the Puma brand shoes are much better made and much more comfortable.", "So awesome!  These are seriously the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned.  They are running shoes but I wear them all the time because they are so lightweight and comfy.", "Super comfortable shoes. Nice design as well.", "These are great minimalist shoes. They feel like socks that have a rubber protective bottom. They let my feet 'feel' the ground when I run and they move with me. Very light and flexible. I love these shoes.The laces do look a little funny.  The way they are angled kind of makes it look like your feet are a little crooked. However, I love that their is no tongue.", "I splurged on these shoes when I had the chance because I was due for a new pair of Nike's and loved the color scheme. These shoes are amazing. They fit true to size and are a beautiful white and blue. I'm a Nike person (despite some of their prices) and I absolutely love these shoes. Theyre a great buy", "Excelente camisa la tela es super fresca y es ideal para hacer correr o hacer ejercicio, la recomiendo 100% gracias", "This is a great looking shoe, with good ankle support. Plus its not to heavy. The hyperfuse technology helps a lot in that area.", "I bought these shoes for work. I have to walk on concrete floor all day and my ballet shoes didn't have much support. I don't like big bulky shoes and I don't like high shoes either. I enjoy being 5'2. Lol. But anyway . . .  I usually where an 8 1/2 and I bought a 9. They were still kind of small. So I guess I should have gone a full size up. Also, that little loop that the strap is attached to irritated the back of my leg REALLY bad. I actually ended up putting a band-aid on it, which kind of sucked. When I took the strap off, it was a little better but still irritating. As far as support goes, it worked well. The bottom of my feet didn't hurt as much as it use to.", "These shoes are cut small, well all Nike shoes I must buy a size bigger. Love these Griffey's .", "I WAS LOOKING FOR SOME OLD SCHOOL KICKS FOR MYSELF,AND THESE WERE ONE OF THE TYPES THAT I WAS WEARING AS A TEEN.THIS COMPANY DIDN'T SEEM TO BE THE REAL DEAL, BUT BOY WAS I WRONG VERY WRONG. NOT ONLY DO THEY HAVE MORE TO OFFER THEN THE OLD SCHOOL FLAVOR THEY'RE TRUE PROS.I WILL DO A LOT MORE BIZZ. WITH THESE GUYS (BIG SMOOV)FROM HARLEM NYC.", "Besides paying $45 for a name, this bag has no bottom support. I don't like supporting boule negros but my seedlinz had 2 have it.", "A compra que fiz superou minhas expectativa, foi rapida a entrega o produto chegou impecavel e isso e estou no Brasilparabens pela eficiencia!Rogerio", "This was a great pair of shoes! I love the colors. Nikes always run small, but I felt the 7.5 was too small. I needed to buy the size 8. I wish I had them now. Delivery time was good, the price was reasonable, the fit just didn't work.", "Perfect for the gym. Holds my gloves, tablet, and headphones. Does what I need when I don't have pockets.", "Quality of item is not good. Very first week, threads started coming out. Stitching of the bag is not good", "Bought this gymsack for the greatest and most wonderful time of year: Back to school D: D:Anyways, its nicely made as its durable and pretty cool looking. Product top to bottom is 17 inches- its a good size but i imagined it a little bigger. Good product overall", "This is great. Its big enough to carry a lot of stuff i have been using a lot for anything. I like it very much. Awesome purchase", "I purchased a couple of these to use for vacation to carry flip flops, towels, sunscreen, etc. It worked fine. My pre-teen kids enjoyed carrying them, especially when traveling on long excursions, where they could bring along a snack and drink (and their iPods).", "I really, really like this bag, which I bought (in navy and in pink) for traveling. For my use, this gym sack is so much more convenient than a regular backpack, especially when you don't want to spend a lot of time undoing zippers.  When I fly, I usually pack a light sweater, magazine, e-reader, small snack, gum, etc.  Another great thing about this bag is that the shoulder straps are actually straps (and not just strings, like most other gym sacks) which means the straps don't cut into my shoulders.  I've used my bags for well over a year and both still look like new.  This bag is also great for carrying a sweatshirt if you're walking outside a lot and the weather changes.", "Bought this for the wife to take to and from work. Says it works great and has enough room of shoes, clothes and iPod. Would recommend getting this", "I had only owned the product for two weeks and it already began to rip and tear along the side seam of the bag... The product is not durable and is designed very cheaply. Do not invest your money into this bag there are others out there. Adidas sells gym sack bags, and those are suppose to be very Durable!", "I bought this to sling over my back when I take my dog for walks on these hot summer days.  I can pack water for both of us, treats, a little bowl, some food for both of us and there's still plenty of room for whatever else I want to bring.  It leaves my hands free to hold the leash as we trek on.  Seems to hold up quite well.  Straps don't hurt my shoulders at all.", "My son needed a small bag for summer camp and I am very pleased with this one! Nice and sturdy!", "Great if your going on a jog or just going out for a couple of hours. Unlike its name it's not only for a gym.", "This shoe has the best fit every, normally shoe have that full of air look. Oh do this shoe come in more colors because I want another pair.", "These socks are so comfortable to wear. They're really soft with cushioned soles, and they provide excellent arch support. I wear them for jogging and it feels like I'm running on clouds.", "At the beginning these shoes looks red but actually there are bright pink but in those shoes looks amazing. Precisely in all the details and design.The boy, who received as a gift, loved it.", "really very very cute. it is similar what it was on picture,just colors are brighter. i like this! size is the same, and it is very suitable. i love this \"shoes\"", "My husband loves these shoes more than anything I have ever gotten him, so that says a lot, Thumbs up!", "My son's feet hurt a lot.  Now he uses it to walk and jog.  He said it is great and comfrotable.", "i have other pairs of the nike retro and i think i like the way those look a little better. these are definitely more comfortable though", "Great fit, beautiful shoes.", "My son actually still wears these shoes. They are still in very good shape. Maybe I will purchase more in the near future.", "my son saw these and really wanted them. We got them very quickly and my little man was very please once he opened the box", "I have had these shoes in the past, and currently wear them. They are a solid shoe, and fit well. Would recommend them.", "I bought this for my boyfriend and it was the first time buying sneakers on Amazon so I was very nervous. I am happy to say that I am very happy with the whole transaction. It was shipped quickly, the item was exactly as described new in the box and my boy friend is very happy with his sneakers :) I definitely recommend this item", "I bought these shoes for Zumba and it was money VERY well spent. They're tight enough that they don't let my foot slip and slide around in them, but they're not so tight that they hurt when I have to bust a crazy Zumba move. Also, there was no real break in period. I wore them to workout immediately and they never gave me blisters. Plus, the colors are awesome. I love these shoes!", "I made the mistake of getting these instead of another pair of Nike Free Runs. These were the stiffest pair of running shoes I've ever owned with no cushion and no flexibility. I've only put about 90 miles on my Lunarglides and they're headed straight to the Goodwill. These shoes are garbage. They take the joy out of running. I don't recommend these for anybody unless you're a masochist trying to find some way to damage your knees.", "I'm not that heavy (155 pounds), but I was born with bad feet and need to use orthotics for arch support. (SOLE is good!). Even with the orthotics, the shoe has to be supportive as well. These shoes have a plastic band for support rather than the stitching used by adidas, asics, etc. It looks like it might bite at the edges, but it turns out to work fine. The cushioning is very effective as well. But the shape of the sole is taking some getting used to. Most shoes I like, including Nike, have a sole that follows the contours of your foot, and that helps the shoe flex, bend, and roll in a more or less natural way. But this show is very flat on the bottom, with only a little roll up at the front and back. Very flat in the middle. Maybe this helps the support, but it makes for a stiff ride.The style of the shoe looks like a set of thin layers. And this applies to the laces too, they are thin and flat, and were a bit annoying at first as they were scratchy when tightening the shoe. But that is starting to ease up with use.So it's not surprising that heavier runners who need support will like this shoe, But those who are fans of Nike Free, which is has the completely opposite philosophy, are not going to be happy. For me, I'm not at either extreme and I will continue to train in this shoe. Seems to be the end of the model year lately, so prices are going down and I got a good deal at an outlet store.", "I have used this shoe for 4 years now. It has been updated to a new model but theses 3's are the best in my mind. Getting harder to find these!!! Great shoe for trail and road running.", "It's comfortable shoes, super light, very nice for running and training. Good quality. I bought the pair for my son and he loves those.", "Hey, this is an excellent shot, good design, I really like the colors but the most important thing, it is versatil, very usefull u can really feel the difference. every runner should have one in his closet", "Great shoe for a kid who does it all. He wears it everyday, plays basketball, runs every morning and wears it to work.", "I would say it is a good shoe you dont feel the ground when running after you break it in people tell me it does not look like a running shoe they dont believe me when i tell them. the price is ok, you  know nike", "Amazing qualtiy got it within 2 days!! My 4 year old son loves them and size is perfect to the fit!! Would definately buy again!!", "My son couldn't decide on which Nike High top sneakers he wanted to get.  He finally decided on this one.  He loves it.Great purchase.  I would recommended it highly.", "They are good for my son. He is very happy with them. They are very nice and comfortable. I recommend it.", "These Nike shoes last for a few months, but then it wore out and the glue broke. The shoes started to break, and I also tried to reglue it, but it fell apart again. I used it for sports and running. It's okay in the beginning, but shouldn't be worn that often.", "The shoe in the picture is cute- the shoe I received was ugly and the same color scheme but definetely not the shoe pictured", "My brother wanted to buy these shoes at a retail store but couldn't find his size. Checked amazon and they had his shoe size. The shoes are amazing and resilient.", "This run very small i am a size 8 and in this i am a 9 and a half, otherwise this are great comfortable, flexible and cute", "Good!", "I'm a size 7. Runs small so watch it. order size up. great support. running its a breeze. Yeah I'd recommend these.Not bad price cheaper then other sites buy from this person.", "I love the shox by Nike!! Been wearing them 4ever!! I have flare up of planter facitis and heel spurs and these shoes really really help!! I wear them to cosmetology school also where I do a lot of standing and my feet don't hurt!!!! AMEN!!!", "I bought these because I love the Nike Shox sneakers. I always wear a 10 in Nike, the 10 in this sneaker is too small. I tried to return them, but it was too late. Oh well, should have tried them on a little sooner.", "They're comfy, light, and breathable. I've never worn sneakers with 'SHOX' before so I am kind of clumsy in them when wearing them for regular activities...like on a fishing boat when the waves are choppy. Other than that, they are a great running shoe.  My feet don't' sweat nearly as much since I started wearing them because the front of the shoe breaths so well.  I am a little concerned about how well they'll hold up over time since these were quite an investment for an amateur runner.  I'm a size 9.5 and a friend told me they look kind of \"mannish.\" I don't care much about that because my workouts are anything but \"girly.\" Overall they're comfy running shoes.", "I like these shoes because they are very comfortable.  Also the black and grey color scheme looks dressy enough to wear almost anywhere.", "Great arch support, upper is mesh and very breathable. I can be on my feet all day and my feet don't get tired. I have a old knee injury and can't run but wear these shoes for golfing, walking, hiking, ect. Get compliments on them all the time. We're back ordered and more expensive on Zappos, Amazon had best price.", "These shoes are awesome.  They look pretty hot and they're really well ventilated - important in Tennessee where it's 97 degrees with 127.3% humidity. Im thinking my next pair of running shoes will be the same style in a different color.", "This is my second pair of these! It's like running on air! They are very light weight and a great fit!! Highly recommend them!", "I LOVE THESE SHOES!!! I scoured the internet for this older version and I'm so happy to have gotten my hands on them. They cured my shin splints and guarantee comfortable running. I really hope the latest models will compare once I have to buy a new pair..", "I was browsing on Amazon to find some new shoes for my dad for Father's Day. I found some shoes that I knew he would be completely in love with! But once I was completing the transaction it kept skipping the gift wrapping step, which is what I really wanted to do. I kept trying to get to that step, but it wouldn't work. So then I submitted it, and then it gave me more options, but not a gift-wrapping option. and that was the only complaint I had about the shoes. If you guys could just make it an option where I could have my items gift-wrapped, that would be great. Thanks.", "I first bought these in black really just to have something nice looking and solid to walk around in on the weekends.  I'd been wearing casual shoes every weekend and my feet were not enjoying themselves, so I decided to go back to wearing sneakers sometimes.The black ones were great, although I wasn't all that active in them.  When summer rolled around and I wanted something white, I bought this pair.  They look great, go nicely with white socks, and offer good solid support.  Now I run in them and so far they feel very strong running on streets.My only complaint with them is that one of the black rubber treads on the bottom is started to peel off, after only having them a few months and before I started using them to run.  I still run in them and it's not a problem, but if I'm standing and slide the sneaker on the ground, I can peel a tread backwards.  I can probably just glue it back on, but shouldn't really have to.Not a deal-breaker at all, I highly recommend this shoe.", "As a runner with a number of foot issues, these are absolutely the best shoes for me. I actually bought these for the second time as NIKE has discontinued this model and the update was not an improvement for my feet.", "After reading the first review, was ready to buy. Hoping that the size listed was US sizing, it was.  Usually buy an 8, but the 8 1/2 are fine.  Had seen them  on the feet of a co-worker and liked the colors. Was very happy to find them at a great price on Amazon.", "Ordered a size 6.5 and received size 8. This was a present for my wife and had a friend bring to Brazil for me. Unfortunately when it got here the size was wrong. No way of returning easily from Brazil, as international shipping is costly and there are tax implications. Very disappointed that such a simple thing like size could get screwed up.", "Great ride right out of the box. Favorite model from Nike. Fits snug like a shoe should without being tight. This is my 11th pair of LunarGlides and they make me so happy.", "my shoes are amazing, i'. so glad for this purchase, the fit as expected and the blue and grey combination are wonderful, I love it!!!", "the price is abusive i can find it in stores for the half of that i demand a reduction of the price because i want them but this price is ridiculous.In spite of that the product is good", "I've worn my Nike Air Max+ 2012 shoes for both running and gym workouts for over a year now, and am looking to buy another pair, but finding it hard to make a purchase due to two issues with the previous pair.First, one shoe started squeaking (a hole in one of the air chambers) within two months of wearing them only indoors.  I know I didn't puncture it, thus there was a manufacturing flaw.  It wasn't significant enough to deflate the cushioning, and other than the noise, not noticeable when wearing the shoe.  I generally have a headset on while working out, so not a big issue.A bit of research on this subject located a lot of people who purchased the shoe having similar issues, many significant enough for them to return the product.Second, I wear a size 9.5 in most brands, but always size up in Nike to a 10.  In these I got a 10, but really needed a 10.5 (they were out when I went to exchange them).  I never have been able to wear even thin socks with these shoes due to the sizing, so if you order - go one FULL size up and you should be good to go - unless you want to wear them barefoot.TheNike+ Stand Alone Sensor Kitfits easily into this shoe and paired with my iPod without a hitch.  I've never felt it underneath my foot, which is as it should be.Overall, I enjoy the comfort, styling and fit of this shoe. They are lightweight and perform well, but if purchasing them, be aware of the smaller sizing and the possibility of squeaky shoes.", "These Air Max Blue Glow shoes are awesome!  I walk about 4 miles a morning and these are light, bright and support your feet while letting them breathe.  The toe box is generous but not sloppy - just right for a medium width foot.  Love them!", "Love thus red runner. I actuallly bought it to wear to work, because I'm a teacher.  It held its comfort level all day.  Seems like a solid shoe and well balance for support.", "Upon trying these shoes on for the first time, I thought they were going to be too small. However, after breaking them in at the gym they fit perfectly and soooo comfortably. Worth every penny because my feet do not hurt, as they used to, during or after working out. I work out intensely, so these shoes are superb quality so far. In addition to being the most comfortable gym shoes I have ever owned, they are the most stylish too. The only reason that I rated them 4 stars is because I would like to see how long they last. I will update after a few months or so.", "At first I loved these shoes they felt great. About 2 months after I bought these the right shoe must have got a crack and it no longer has the nice cushion like the left shoe. It happened after the 45 day return policy and now I am stuck with some expensive shoes that I can no longer wear! Would purchase from a better quality company because most of the time they would work with you and exchange the pair.", "She is gorgeous, and the runnings shoes make her day, My girlfriend says she is so very happy with the purchase of these 2012 NIKE AIR MAX in the light blue.  Shipping came in nicely, she wore them to work the next day.  On her feet all day long, she is already a ball of energy.  These running shoes not only provided ulitmate comfort, but when she got home she was all smiles.  She receive many compliments on these 2012 Nike Air Max in light blue.  After all of these positive comments my girlfriend had to say about the running shoes, I also purchase a pair for my Mom age 65.  Not a runner but she loves them.  An odd present I know but she received them on mothers day along with the shoebox filled with a beautifully arangement of life -like spring daisies.  She just loved the idea and says her size 8.5 is a perfect fit.  My girlfriend with her cute little 6.5 says also they are a perfect fit.  I know how to pick'm for the ladies in my life.  Excellent buy!", "these are by far the best sneakers ever! very comfortable and seem to have a good cushion on the heel....", "I've run in Nike shoes for the past couple of decades and the Air Max has been my top preference for years. It was time for a new pair and I bought these online in my usual size 7 in mango. Sadly, they resemble cheaply made over-sized clown shoes. I could live with the hideous color and look of the shoe if they fit right and had decent support, but they don't. The shoe consists of cheaply made plastic lowers with flimsy mesh uppers, yet the shoe feels heavy, clumsy, and bulky. I've always taken a size 7 in Nike but these are not true to size--lots of extra room in the toe box that would only work right if you have pointy little tippy toes. It's not surprising that this Air Max+ 2012 ranks poorly on durability. I bought them directly from Nike.com, which promises free returns if you register on the Nike site. But I've already spent over an hour on the phone trying to get the prepaid return shipping label but still haven't received it because they claim that the system isn't working right. I read some reviews on other sites stating that the air deflates from the sole area rendering this shoe useless for running after only a short period--again not surprising when you see how cheaply made this shoe looks and feels. Nike just isn't the quality brand it used to be.", "My shoes came in and I am loving them! Comfortable and cheaper than in the stores! Very stylish, yet simple!", "I wasn't able to get my size from the local outlet.  And these are absolutely my favorite shoes.  I don't run, but I put on alot of miles and with these shoes on I don't end up with aching feet at the end of the day.", "The shoe has great arch support, but very heavy. As a runner, I was looking for something lighter. I have tried other brands and other types of Nikes but the Air Max is the only one I've noticed with good arch support for an high arched foot. The seller did great with getting the order to me in a timely matter.", "This is my second pair.  The shoes are light which is perfect for running. It's a beautiful color.  And I always get compliments.The thing I didn't like was the fact that when I received the box it said &#34; price $175&#34;. And I paid 240. So shop around and you will find it for less. That's the only reason I gave 4 stars.I would greatly recommend this product.", "Very good and comfortable, it came in excellent conditions. My wife was charmed with the color and the frivolous of the shoe, as well as the comfortable thing for the activities of high place I strike.", "Bought these for my daughter who was having an issue with shin splints.  The shoes seem to absort a good amount of shock as they have alleviated some of her pain.  They are on the expensive side but it's worth not having the burning sensation in your legs.  She loves them.", "I love the way they feel on my feet. I recently have had several surgeries on my legs and it's hard to walk due to the pain these shoes support my feet and relive the pressure and pain I usually have.", "If you're a runner or want for casual use, this is your shoe! Super comfy, great support, A++++.I always ran in Lunarglide or Pegasus, these shoes even top them!", "I wish this was a better shoe. First, the tongue of the shoe is not lose. The tongue is sown down so that you can't lift it to get your foot in or out. Secondly, I know that computer screens vary and colors can seem off but the peachy color is actually really pink. Needless to say I will be returning :(", "Bought these for my girlfriend n she loves them! Fit really nice, very light, and comfortable.would definitely recommend these to anyone who is looking for good working out shoes", "so, i got these because i run 5 miles a day and i was doing it in converse.. if youve ever ran in converse youll understand why i got a new pair of shoes. i wear these everyday and not always for running. when yoou do start wearing them all day long you have to get use to them so they do hurt for a couple days if your standing 8+ hours. they look amazing and i get compliments on them all the time. im a shoe guy so people see me in a ton of sneakers and most people say they like these more then any other pair. oh.. AND THEY BREATH! so your feet dont get hot. im so excited to get the free run 3's!", "The shoe is nice. Very lightweight and gives great support. Shoe is very hard to find in this color scheme, though.", "Lasts forever great shoe!", "The product was great and 100 percent AuthenticNike shoe! Exactly what I wanted and I am completely satisfied with my product.", "I live in the city and have found that Nike's \"Air Max\" shoes work well for protection from the sidewalks I mostly run on. I am a bigger dude (215) and can get by in a neutral shoe like this (if you need stability, look elsewhere). I bought these to replace the 2010 Air Max Tailwinds I had been running in previously.Overall very nice shoe--Fit was improved over the 2010's and the cushioning is stellar. I feel very fresh even after a long run in these shoes. I had hoped they'd hold up pretty well since the midsole is primarily polyurethane, and they have in fact been very durable.Only downside is that the forefoot was rather stiff at first and took a few runs before it broke in and became adequately flexible. But again, since then the shoe has been perfect.So, if you want a stout neutral cushioned shoe and like the feel of Nike Air cushioning I would expect you'd like 'em too.", "I work in a hospital and am on my feet all day long (12-16 hrs at a time). It's nice to know that these are so comfortable and can get me through the day. I usually rotate my Nikes- but lately I only wear this pair. I definitely have to get it in a few different colors! Awesome price- awesome shoe!", "I ordered this Nike running shoe to replace another pair of Nike's that were obviously at the end of their life.  The size was consistent, fit great, and I really like the orange color.  Good buy.", "Excellent Product , very comfortable to use for walking or running.Would love to own another pair on a different color.", "The shoe is authentic but it has a few mistakes that make me think they aren't authentic. Awesome shoe tho. Thanks for the product please sell more !", "Always fancied nike over any of the competing brands shoes comfortable and looks good on feet . I ordered my friend a pair too", "I have several pairs of this racing shoe in different colors and it is so comfortable and lightweight for racing. This shoe I wore to the Susan G. Komem breast cancer race and it was so perfect in color. I got several compliments on the color!", "It would be nice if RunnWalk let us know what size they were selling.If they had my size I would buy these in a second since they are so hard to find these days...", "Bought overseas to Southeast Asia ,they loved the way it fit.Made over seas but not available to everyone over there", "Love these shoes!!  I found they are better for walking than running or playing sports.  But they are cute and very comfortable.  When running/playing sports I got blisters and found the shoes to be uncomfortable.  It could just be my feet though and not the shoes' fault!", "Couldn't find this shoe locally anywhere in my size.  So glad to have this online vendor with so many sizes available.  Thanks,  very happy with the purchase.", "Not only are these sneaks good looking,  they perform well for the price and are extremely comfortable.  Would recommend to a friend.", "These shoes make me enjoy the gym...as much as that's possible :) They are lightweight and flexible, easy to clean, and the color is great! I wear them to the gym but also took them hiking, tubing, and horseback riding on vacation. They withstood it all!", "I have found that most Nike running shoes with the Lunarlon foam are good for my job (Walmart), walking, and for working out at the gym.  I am not a runner, but do appreciate the cushiony feel of these shoes.  They are not as &#34;mushy&#34; as the previous generation of Lunarfly shoes, but still give me the cushioning I need for those long days of standing at Walmart.", "i am in love with these shoes! i have a wide foot and have difficult finding comfortable running shoes. i am so thrilled that these work perfect for me and the mango colors are perfect. they came super fast so i didnt have to wait long.", "I bought these shoes for my husband so we could start working out again. His only other tennis shoes are leather and his feet get really how when he runs. These shoes solved that problem! They keep his feet very cool, eliminated his shin splints, and look good with just about everything. We highly recommend them to men for function or fashion.", "I chose these athletic shoes because I liked the color scheme and the I am fond of the shox product shock absorption.Positives include:  1). mesh fabric is very cool.  I wore these shoes in the 4th hottest summer in St Louis history.2). Shoes are very light. 3). shock absorption is good.Negatives include:  1). light fabric/weight comes at expense of durability.  2).  Laces that came with shoes are way too short.  It's a minor thing but I've never purchased a pair of shoes with mismatched shoe laces in a store.  3).  Zero traction in mud.I would recommend these shoes for a single season's worth of weekend sports or light running on pavement or trail.", "I love nikes, are really confortable to use and smooth when you walk and run.Im happy with it and totally recommend itThe price is high but quality is great and expected.", "Do not buy these shoes! I bought these in desperation as my usual Nike faves were not available. If I had realized they were one of Nike's \"shox\" series I never would have purchased them. WAY narrower than standard Nike's, practically all plastic, including the sole, which has absolutely no rebound. There is no roll, rebound, or flexibility in these shoes. The materials started to fall apart after one week. Do yourself a favor and buy another style. Stay away from these! Gave 1 star because I couldn't give zero.", "As expected, love this bag!", "These might actually be the best fitting shoes I have owned in my life, although I own a similar older version so I knew exactly what size to get. They look great without being flashy and I plan on using them both exercising and just every day wear.", "Shoes were brand new in box and beautiful. Package was sent before I could even say NIKE! Would be happy to do business again.", "This shoe is comfortable as all heck. I walked a few miles when I first got them and got a blister on the back of my foot though.The bottom white part is surprisingly high, some people might be put off by that.These shoes give great support and are nice for my high inner arches.", "The quality and cushioning expected from Nike with a slight throwback appeal my husband likes. This is his second pair of this model bc he likes them so much. Called them his &#34;most comfy shoes ever&#34;. I would describe them as middle level in cushioning, probably not for pronators. The sole is low profile and somewhat flexible, so they feel very natural on the foot.", "Got these for a friend who plays a lot of beach volleyball.  They are pretty constricting and he's tall and muscular build but they would like stick to his legs.  It didn't seem like the material was super comfortable either.  I recommend the other Nike Scout striped boardshorts! Those I bought for my boyfriend and he loves them.  The material is way sleeker and they don't stick.", "I ordered L but sent it back and got an M. I'm Large in Europe but M in the US", "very nice very happy. my cousins daughter likes them and they fit very well she is very happy thank you.", "Its very rare to find shoes that last these days. These Nike's do last. Due to the black material which doesn't look dirty - ever, and the very well built bottom sole - these shoes still look kind of new after a whole school year of wearing them EVERY DAY. We got the Lunar Forever in one school year and then the Lunar Forever 2 in the next school year. Unbelievably consistent across both. Thank you Nike!! I haven't had consistent results with my son's Nikes - which fell apart (literally) - but they weren't part of the Lunar line.", "I would suggest ordering half a size below your usual size. I am a 5.5 kids and these are more like a 6. They are doable, but in the long run will be left with the front bend (from too much space between sneaker and toes). It's more of a hassle to deal with shipping back and such so I'll just manage. That aside, the shoes are very nice and so far comfortable (minus the extra toe room).", "These shorts were purchased as a present for my niece. She loves the quality and fit. She has asked me to buy her more pairs.", "These shorts feel like they're made from clouds! At first I was worried that they would be way too tight and would cause my fat to bulge and form a muffin top, but that was not the case. They are very stretchy and very comfortable, and make my butt look great. Also, they are a bitt longer than booty shorts, which is good because I can feel comfortable going to the gym in these. I seriously never want to take them off. BUY BUY BUY you won't regret it! :D", "no me llego", "I am a high school volleyball player and these are by far my favorite type of spandex. The thick band at the top that you can fold over makes it so that my little hip pudge doesn't bulge in awkward places like with the waistband on Mizuno and most other brands.  I also use these for cheer practices also and they are perfect! I already own a bunch and have about 3 more pairs on the way!", "She is an avid runner and loves them and says she want to get more of them. If you have someone who runs half marathons as well then these will be perfect for her.", "I bought these for my son.  He says they are comfortable and have held up well.  I would purchase these again.  Thanks Nike!", "The shoes are nice looking, lightweight, and comfortable.  However, the sole pad wasn't glued in properly, so it rolls back at the toe area & feels sticky.  I would've tried returning them, but wr're on the middle of moving.", "I am a womens size 7.5 and typically buy my Nike Free shoes in the womens dept. I noticed this youth shoe and tried to look up conversion for the size as I specifically needed this color. I was able to fit into a youth 6.5 and a 7. I bought both pairs as the price was so much less expensive buying these in youth rather than adult womens. They are comfortable and they look great! I have had more compliments than any $100+ shoe I own. I can wear them to the gym, to Disneyland walking all day and still feel like I look good and am comfortable.  These shoes are light weight. The only problem is now my son is embarrised becasue his friends all have the same shoes as his mom...(they also paid more in our local sporting goods store too) If anything that should make me cool, right? haha! If you have the chance and can fit into a youth size, try it I never thought it was an option but it saves money and you look good! Oh as far as seller and shipping... Everything went smooth and got them on time and in perfect condition. Since I have free shipping with Amazon I figured if the youth didnt work what did I have to lose Amazon has always been great with returns...", "There is no normal shoe faithful Air Ring Leader and shipping precious not to be a declaration of shoes", "Great pants and best currently on the market I believe.  They last and last and still remain firm and are think enough to be warm enough.", "Love the shoes", "second pair of these-I wore the first pair to a stinky DEATH...might get a 3rd pair for the future-lol...quick transaction as well.", "I originally ordered 10's as I normally wear a 10 or 10 and a half. I had to return them for 9 and a half.", "love it", "The product came in pristine condition. They were brand new, and they came well packaged. I got them sooner than expected, and gave them to a girl for her birthday. These are the only ones that came in her size, and she absolutely loves them. She said, \"The memory foam feels great when I am walking, or just simply have my feet in them while sitting down. I will probably wear them everywhere I go now!\"", "I had pair of Nike slides with the lunarglide footbed, and I thought that they couldn't be beat for comfort...then I stumbled across these. The footbed is made of almost the same plush material, and is very comfortable. What makes this sandal is the huge Max Air unit in the heel. Unlike most Nike Max Air units, your heel is actually resting directly on the air unit, without any stiff material underneath. This makes them super cushy, and also adds some height not expected when wearing slides. I've worn these while going on long walks and experienced more comfort than some of my shoes! The Velcro adjustable strap is perfect, and doesn't chafe. The tread pattern is grippy, and I feel like it is more of a sneaker tread than a slide.I've only had them for a couple of months so I can't speak on behalf of durability, but if it's anything like other slides it should be fine. My only concern would be if the air unit got punctured, they probably wouldn't be wearable, since your heel is directly on the air unit with support only on the edge...it's hard to explain but looking at the picture closely you can see what I mean.Overall I recommend these slides to anybody who wants comfort and style.", "This is an excellent product. It fits perfectly, very nice and soft and it is was I expected.  It worth the buy", "This evaluation is based on having had two pairs of maxair sandals for the last several years.  Unfortunately those are no longer available or at least I can not find any.  I got these as replacements.  These are lighter and the foot bed is stiffer/harder and not really to my liking.  The foot bed does have transverse grooves that I expect will help with the foot sliding in a wet sandal.  The heel is cushioned but not as soft as the maxair.  As sandals go, these are not bad (maxair was the king) but the price seems stiff for this product.  I will keep them because I have not found anything better.More info:  The slides that I had were the moray 3 slides which according to Nike customer service are no longer in production.  The air technology is the same in the two models but the product above the air chamber is not as good as the older model.  Nowhere near as comfortable.", "My dad loved these for Father's Day! He thinks they are super comfy and help with his long narrow feet!", "I like the sandals, they fit well. I hope this review is approved. Tired of doing this reivew stuff. Christ.", "Comfortable, and fits", "Very Comfortable. Great choice", "Very nice and comfortable!!!", "These are wonderful slide on sandals which provide support and a non skid sole.  This is the second pair of these.", "After two hip replacement surgeries, the Nike Air Slide Sandals are great , they act like shock absorbersallowing me to stand and walk greater distances without feeling pain in my hip area(s) two and three dayslater.  I love them !!!!!", "I really love these shoes. I wasn't sure about them at first, but after wearing them for a day or two I have really broken them in. They are well made, and I've gotten a few compliments already. Get you a pair; you won't regret it.", "Real cute, comfortable sneakers. True to size. Fit good and the fabric is good. Would recommend this shoes.  Was happy with my purchase.", "Colors look good together. I bought these for my som and he wears them daily. He has been pleased with them", "Nike size for this shoes is somewhat small  .next time I'll buy a bigger size.", "Shoes was great looks good got them really fast this company did a great job thanks guys I was very happy with my service", "My beautiful tall daughter has big feet!  Thank goodness we can find size 11 shoes for my hip super cool daughter.  She has been wearing them even in this summer heat!  Thanks,  Amazon.", "It took sometime for my feet to get used to these shoes. It looked a bit bigger than its actual size.", "Very comfortable shoes. I like the contrast in colors. They seem durable. I love nike shox. They are great work shoes!", "I love my shoe it just feels weird because it is completely solid instead of having a mesh on it.", "I bought for my daughter and she loves them!!", "i really love my shox and i would buy another pair the price and quality are awesome.... BUY IT! :)", "Nice shoes!! I love Shox and they are hard to find, these where exactly what I wanted! Will by more when needed.", "Fast shipping, got it when it said it would come in. Love this shoes looks so much better in person then online. Love it, love it. Debating if I should buy another pair and put it aside. I've never been so happy with buying tennis shoes I'm more of heels person but I need a nice pair for work.", "These shoes fit pretty true to size, if anything, slightly narrow.  I have an older pair of Nike shox and they've lasted forever!  Love this style!", "Good everything is good , but you have to remember they dont ship on weekends. That part which i didnt know but know im just overall happy they got here.", "The nike diamond turfs 2 are some nice shoes, I recently got some for school and i highly recomend you get a pair . the color is flawless. and the shoe is great and last long.", "Great shoes! I liked this model very much. It looks so big and heavy but they are so soft and light....", "Our grandson is a goalie.  He needed to have goalie outfits (head to toe) of different colors than used in the league ... purple was one of the choices.  We are so happy that you offered purple cleats in his size!  He loves these!!!!!", "If you like to feel strapped in to an athletic shoe, this is not for you.  The material is light weight (which can be very good for some people) and feels a little flimsy.  That said, it does not look clunkly on your foot even though I recommend ordering a half size up as I think it runs slightly small.  There is not as much arch support as I would like, but for my purposes this works fine.  The look of the shoe gets five stars.", "I purchased these shoes directly from nike because it just so happened I found them on clearance. They are great comfortable shoes perfect for going out or working out. I am a teacher and I do zumba and these shoes are comfortable if you plan to be on your feet for a long time.I ordered these shoes because I was looking for something black and red (school colors). I was somewhat disappointed to find black and HOT PINK shoes when I first opened the box. The colors still look great together and I have received so many compliments on how awesome they look.They also took a couple of days to wear in. The first two days, my feet were hurting, but now they are very comfortable.Overall the feel of the shoe is great and the look is great. Only warnings would be to prepare for a HOT PINK shoe and maybe some time to break in the shoe.", "I love this shoe!! I have heel problems and usually wear orthotics in my walking, running, workout shoes. These shoes are so comfortable that I don't have to replace the in-soles.  My feet feel great after a workout. I've bought 2 more pairs in different colors.", "The city court shoe comes in regular size and wide size. I tried the regular size and they have to be narrowest shoes that I have ever tried. Then I tried the wide size and it fits really well. I would recommend that you pop down to a local store and try out the size. If not, buy it with a good return policy - you might have to return.Once you get past the sizing, the shoes are great. I feel that the shoes are lightweight - I am trying to be somewhat bouncy in my ready position and the weight of the shoe doesn't get in the way. Decent enough cushion - I play on hard court and don't feel the ground. Lasts me 3-4 months - playing almost 10 hours of singles tennis a week. The shoe upper area is still in great shape when I throw out the shoe due to the sole wear.", "The shoes are cut really narrow I suggest buying a larger size ten normal if you want them to fit.", "my feet have grown.  i used to be a size 10 women's.  but in sizing my foot in a store, i found that i needed a much bigger shoe.  the men's 11 is good. i am pleased with the sneakers.  as usual, the service is excellent.  i am saving these white ones for &#34;best&#34;.  i have plantar faciitis in my heels and must have full support.  i cannot wear sandals this, a fact that  i regret.", "Have not used them, but look fine . I tried them any way and seem fine for me. I sure they will be ok", "Shoe size was wrong when I orderd a 11 1/2 it was really a 10 they sent out the wrong color I orderd gray white he sent out black and white. The picture he had on the listing was gray and white then he decided to update the picture being black and white even know the title still says gray and white playing tricks on your customers is wrong will NEVER buy from him again all the positives are from there employees. He also never stated that they were out of the country the Uk this is wrong Adam was rude unhelpful don't trust them you have been warned!", "I chose the highest rating because they were a gift to a challenging person to shop for and he loves them", "new the goods., 100% responsible for the storebeautiful shoes and in compliance with the standards of the brand nike", "Ordered an 11- 1/5. The shoe was so small I couldn't get my foot in it. Gave it to my son who wears a 10.5 and it fit him. Order larger size. Very narrow also.", "the service was excellent, and the product is perfect for play this shows are so confortable. compare with others this one is softly.", "These shoes are super cute and are great for a quick use to yoga class where I take them off. The toe holes are a bit narrow so they may need some breaking in. Overall, good for looks not for exercise.", "These Nike Air Affect are the only shoes my husband loves and I can always find them on Amazon! I get two at a time so he is stocked up for a while. We have an 80 acre tree farm and my husband is on his feet all day and he really likes these!", "As an avid walker/runner, I was in the market for a great pair of new shoes and had been wearing lower budget shoes for years. Although my sketchers were comfortable enough, I was ready to take a chance on a shiny new pair of Nike's. These have been a fantastic investment and they are cool looking too! You won't regret putting these on.", "Recomended a 100% amazing fit really one of the better shoes i ever wear no wonder why the rock wear them", "Great shoes, very comfortable, and the black on black works great for the business we are in. Wish they made the same model for men, since my wife loves these, and I could use a pair.", "Great shoe! Good fit. Went half size up from normal size. Didn't realize the different levels of sole padding. Level 2 has less support. Still good for my purposes.", "they look fine, but the support is not as much as I would like. The colors are attractive and go with most outfits.", "This is not a review I would just like to know what color shoes are for sale here Black as it says or the new color that is portrayed in the photo?????  Just had a reply and they are the color in the photo. Thanks just ordered the last size 8. I love these shoes this will be my third pair. Awesome for crossfit and cross training super comfortable. I am normally an 8.5 in the Nike free 3 but in these I am an 8. Hope this helps. Great shoes highly recommend!!!", "Quite expensive but that was not the reason. I was looking for light weight shoes with good support but the shoes have no support.", "I just love the way these sneakers look overall and when I am working out it does not hurt my feet at all. I really recommend these Nikes.", "these shoes were way small , narrow , boght nikes before locally the fit was always right on , but these ? the quality isnt there , after market junk", "This is the 5th pair of Nike shox that I've owned. I love the styling, comfort, and color of this pair.", "Recommended by my podiatrist seems to work only problem is a rubbing in to front of the shoe. Shoe still not broken in yet expect nuisance rubbing to go away.", "I've been wearing similar Nike shows for many years, the heel provides extra shock protection and stability, good for someone who's nearly 70.  It's very comfortable.", "I have been buying Nike tennis shoes for about 10 years and never had a problem until these.  They seemed tight and had to be broken in.  My previous purchases fit fine.", "I purchased these shoes because I needed a new pair, and I am not interested in the excessive neon colors that are available in athletic shoes these days. I ordered my usual size, and they are fairly comfortable, but my pinky toes hurt a great deal when I first started walking in them. They still hurt, but not as much. I know they will eventually stretch out a bit to fit my foot, so I didn't return them, and they are comfortable otherwise.", "The quality of the shoe is excellent. The cleat placement offers great traction in hard/soft/turf fields. The \"shot\" padding on the tongue doesn't really do anything for me, but it's nice to have a little protection in that area. The grip pad on the inner part of the upper really does allow for some great curve of the ball. You can actually see the curve path of the ball when using these cleats.The only thing this shoe really needs is a little more padding in the sole. I seem to keep getting blisters every few weeks when using these cleats.", "Great fit... Lightweight perfect for working out. Been looking for the right shoes for the gym and running, found it.", "For non-polarized, these were a bit pricey.  Well constructed, but the way the handles are pinned onto the inside of the frame, they would not fit my face.  Oddly, the Vintage 77's, which are styled nearly identically fit me just fine.If not for the poor fit, I would probably have kept them, but for a few dollars more, I'll pony up for some legit anti-glare lenses....", "These glasses were very low quality. Not a good buy, they are made with poor quality. Would not recommend this item to any friends or family.", "I found these boot to be a perfect fit for my grandson , He enjoys his boots on a daily bases.", "I have a another pair or Lunarlon Nike's and they had a larger leather toe covering then this pair.  I tend to wear through my shoes at the big toe, and where my toe hit in these shoes it was not leather, so I fear I'd be popping through in no time.", "All items are great", "Second pair of this shoe.", "I have very high arches, and a wide toe box.  These shoes are light weight, comfortable, supportive and a all around great every day shoe.  It does move a little bit in the heel if I have thin socks on though.", "Beautiful, lighter, soft, excellent for running, this shoes are amazing you can have any shoes that you want but Nike running shoes are the best!", "It's what i was looking for. Comfortable, nice and the most important... Almost All Black and the price was excellent, because here in my country i did not find a black nike and the prices here are almost the same and here we don't have with this colors...", "This are with out a doubt the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn! They give such arch and sole support. Plus, they take away the shock and impact with every step. The seller is amazing also! With such quick processing and shipping I had them the next day ( with next day shipping of course) Great investment!", "I knew that shox's were mainly for fashion but I was expecting them to be a little more comfortable than they are. but the do look great.", "At first I had my doubts because of how the materials looked. But I must say they are very resistant, I'v had this shoes for almost 10 months and they look great, the sole is practically intact. I use this shoes at least 3 times a week. I do recommend them. They are very comfortable and look very nice.", "Really like these shoes, I am on my second pair. I us them for work, I am on my feet on average 9 to 10 hours a day on a concrete floor, and these give great support. They are very roomy not tight fitting at all, just a great shoe overall. Only knock is they are expensive, but given the support and comfort they give, I would definitely by again.", "Hello,I bought this item for my boyfriend, he is really happy. I saw the running shoes and i love it.Thank you so much!Greetings,Silvana", "got these shoes for a friend. he loves it. looks better than in the picture surprisingly & he said it's very comfortable. definitely got my money's worth. he even likes wearing it when he walks around even though my friend & i got it for him to wear for running & playing volleyball ahha", "I bought these shoes about 2 months ago and am looking to replace them.  My feet and legs hurt from using them.  While I know soreness is common for me, the foot pain i've gotten wearing these is not.  Would not recommend.", "The colour is beautiful.The sneakers is on time, it's on mode.This the profesional sneakers for the profesional people.The price is good.And is a real sneakers", "I was surprised on how light and airy these shoes are. I dont use these shoes for jogging, just your everyday shoe. The grip is excellent, and almost feels like your wearing socks..............", "Another great Nike product. I've been running in Nike shoes for 30 years and this shoe fits right in with classic Nike running styles. Great fit, good rebound, solid heel cup, flexible body, and a nice, thick sole with grip on uneven trails and dirt roads. The laces are self adhesive so they don't untie themselves. Love 'em.", "The Nike Total 90 Shoot IV TF men's turf shoes in size 12.5 arrived in perfect condition free of defects and without any damage to the packaging.  The pictures didn't do them justice as they looked even better in person.", "Amazing shoes, they do feel tight so ,5 more in your size would be a good choice.The weird inside of the shoe is nice!!!", "Using these shoes for about 3 months and the left shoe started a squicky noise while walking. Very annoying. Paid a premium to buy such high end nike shoe but useless.", "comfy and cool for summer, but not perfectly happy with the fixed-position tongue, especially since I need to insert a prescription orthotic.", "great shoes for a very low price! on top of that, one of the most comfortable shoes ever! great alternative for a cost efficient running shoe.", "the shoes did not fit; was told I wouldn't be charged a restocking fee but I was charged it anyway. I  expect this to be fixed", "This is a very good running shoe, great arch support and all around comfortable. I love the Nike Lunar Swift shoes and also own a pair in pink. I tell all of my friends and family about this great running. I will definetly buy another pair of the Nike brand. I love my Nikes.", "Got these running shoes a month ago! It is extremely comfortable and looks stylish as well. very reasonable price. Happy!", "Love these shoes! So cute- I got complimented on them 3 times the first day I wore them as well as asked where I got them! Thanks amazon, another great purchase!", "Very light and confortable when walking, Doesn't make your feet tired like some tennis shoes, would recomend to other people", "I absolutely love Nike's Lunarglide line!  These are the most comfortable athletic shoes I've ever worn!  Great fit, fantastic cushioning whether I'm running or hiking - I actually bought another pair to wear hiking as they can get kinda dirty - I managed to lose my running pair and had to buy this replacement pair.  I live in the desert and these breath well which is a big plus!.  I have to admit I actually have a third pair on order because I liked the color.  Yes, I'm hooked!", "Very good shipping.  Shoes are good not great.  Little disappointed in the insoles and the firmness of the shoes.  OK for running and light but not the best NIKEs.", "great sneaker.  very comfortable.  vibrant colors.  don't really understand the nike + part of it but am very happy with the shoe", "I have had these shoes for a few months now and I love them. They are so comfortable and I always get compliments on them. Very happy with my purchase!", "I'm a 32 year old 220 lb male who was originally fitted into a motion control shoe.  I train for half marathons.  My left foot is relatively flat (not completely flat) and my right foot has less than average arc.  I had 2 pair of motion control shoes and had the same injury about 3-4 times; my Achilles kept flaring up.  My first pair were Saucany's ( I forgot the model) and the other was the Mizumo Alchemy.  I went back to the store to complain about the Alchemy and was told that I was \"over-training.\"I went to another store and they had me try on Men's Nike Zoom Structure+ 15.  From the day I tried them on, they fit like a clove.  I was about to purchase my 2nd pair until I came across the reviews and decided to fill one out.  Light weight, comfortable, stylish, and provide great support.  The only drawback I can state is that they wore out too fast... or maybe it's because I've been healthy for 5 straight months :)", "Well made.  Very comfortable and great running shoes.  Holds up well when wet and clean up easy. Love the shoes", "I had a repetitive injury from a few years back from rolling my foot out several times.  As a result I have very a streched ligament on the outside of my ankle that will never really heal properly.  With this injury, I need a high stability shoe, specifically with support on the outside of my foot to prevent future rollouts.  The Nike Structure series has been my go to shoe for a while and this is perhaps the most comfortable yet.  Highly recommended for those needing extra stability for walking or running.  Very lightweightand breathable as well.", "For an 44 year old athletic 230 lb guy with high arches I have had a heck of a time finding a comfortable sneaker for running. I bought these instead of the Asics Gel Kayano and haven't looked back! Very stiff and comfortable support for my foot. I can run all day in this with no foot pain. Always been a big fan of Nike running products and am glad I found these. I actually bought three pair so I have spares!", "I ordered to myself black sneakers, sent sneakers of brown color, on a box and in the order is written color black. It was necessary to present sneakers to the friend. More than anything in this company never I will buy and to you I don't recommend.", "just like it says. they all love them. kinda feels like suade material. idk i work retail and i wear them there. super comfy once broken in and breath decent.", "smooth, walking on the clouds best tennis shoes I had purshased they worth the money, fast delivery, I'm ahappy camper,thank you nice experience", "Nice shoe with a bit of timeliness. Kool fit and look lots of comments. Sold out quickly over four years ago at premium prices now a deal.", "excellent product. 100% recommended. timely shipping and good quality. to continue sending this.Comfy nice looking shoe ...Great shoes. Comfy and seemingly durable - I've only had them a few weeks, but overall They Do not Appear To Have weak spots like I've had similarly designed shoes from Skechers.", "the first day I bought these a hot mom complimented me on them. two years later I still have them and they look pretty new because I throw them in the washer from time to time.", "I get a lot of compliments on the shoes re: appearance. They do run a little small though. I'd probably order 1/2 size larger the next time. They were a good value though.", "I've been using this shoes for some months and they feel very comfortable. I'd not say they are very durable because I can already see some wear and I do not use them for running; only walking and mostly daily use. One of the rubber sides that have been worn out shows some of the green-colored interior of the shoe which does not look good. They feel light and that's something I like, but I believe that's the reason they are a bit fragile too.", "Everything was great but the shoes had a small scuff on the toe. They also fit kinda tight for my size.", "My son loves it! Very easy to wash-wear-- nice and soft! I tell him it is &#34;mind-shattering&#34; for intelligence! ;)", "Bought these for my son. He loves them for walking and running trails around town. Using on concrete and dirt and they are very versitale and supportive. Love the great arch support, can wear all day!", "the shoes are nice and all but too much money the shoes are $56 so too shorten it up good shoes bad price", "I ordered a pair of Nike running shoes through Amazon dealer \"SHOESTATION.COM\". The shoes arrived and I left them in the box for a month since they were for an upcoming class I was taking. A month later I noticed some of the stitching coming out on the upper part of the shoe. Although the damage was mainly cosmetic and didn't really compromise shoe function(yet), it still shouldn't have happened after only 3 uses. It seemed to unravel more each time the shoe is worn.I contacted the seller by telephone and they told me to use the email feature through Amazon. I used Amazon's email feature, which allowed me to upload pics of the damage, and submitted it to the seller. The seller said that it appeared to be a manufacturer defect and told me I would have to take it up with Nike. I replied to the seller telling them I was displeased and that I didn't think I should be having to chase down Nike when SHOESTATION sold me the shoe, via Amazon.com. They told me they couldn't help me and gave me a telephone # for Nike customer service.I contacted Nike and get this, SHOESTATION is on their list of UNAUTHORIZED SELLERS!!!!!!!! That's right, Nike can't or won't do anything about it since I bought from an unauthorized Nike dealer. I will now be heading to a shoe repair shop to get my shoe re-stitched.Don't let the same thing happen to you. Stay away from anything being sold by SHOESTATION.", "Dd", "Excellent", "I really like the feel and comfort of the Nike Shox. I use them running around the lake, or around the house. I would buy another  pair.", "I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THESE NIKE GOLD running shoes.  I don't want to wear them because I just want to stare at them!  Silly, I know, but I will eventually wear them. I would pair them with white shorts or jeans.  I recommend them, and at 25.00, you can't go wrong.", "It fits very well! I really love this shoes. It is very comfortable. And the price is good. It is really worth the money.", "These shoes are a must have I've been wanting to get these shoes for the past month and half now I can't wait til there own my feet.", "The boots were smaller than I expected. I usually wear a 8 or 8 1/2 and the 8s were too small. I should have ordered a 9.  Other than that I like them.", "They were perfect for him.  Exactly what he wanted  They're a very nice clean looking shoe that can be worn for casual or even kind of dressed up.", "Loved this shoes! they are super confortable! Nike never lets me down.It feels so soft inside and I can reccommended it to anybody!", "Bought these a while ago and I don't even know if they're still available, but... just in case.  I finally put them in the goodwill bin after wearing them once outside the house and about 5 more times in the house trying to convince myself they couldn't possibly be as uncomfortable as they are.  Well, they are.  The toebox is shallow and pinches the toes down from the top.  Silly.  Thought I was going to lose my big toenail just from one afternoon of wearing.  Never had shoes do that and you'd think Nike would know better.", "He loved the color and had to wear them right away! They were supposed to be for school.  Perfect condition, color, and size.", "wow these are nice! i was stoked to open the box and realize they outdid themselves. since theyre are limited pics availible i was afraid they would be too thin or make my foot look narrow. build quality is top notch and the color is unique. def glad i picked them up..... if even at full retail price. so despite them being 140$ theyre still a good buy in my opinion. i went to the nike outlets but couldnt find anything comparable in terms of styling, IF all i wanted was a pair of shox then yes the outlets had a few for 80-100$ but these are exactly what i was looking for, i found pics of all gold ones and black with gold logo/shox, if amazon had them i would had picked up a pair of each of those as well. haha", "They look better from the side than they do from the top. From the top they look like you're a tin man in the wizard of oz, but they're nice and nearly comfortable for shox. Shox are not the most comfortable running shoes, in my opinion, but i think they're more trendy-ish than functional. Surprisingly, they don't feel as narrow as usual and formed well to my feet.", "I bought these for my boyfriend and he loves them and thinks they're so comfortable. They fit good and he wears them everywhere :) just got a second pair in a different color. Would recommend.", "This product fits like a glove.  There is no break-in time required.  From the moment your feet go inside they are comfortable stable and allow great performance. 60% of my day is spend teaching classes.  I own and operate a Fitness Studio so comfort and performance are extremely important", "Love shoxs! They are my favorite sneaker! I have five pairs! I needed these for my trip to California.... They are wonderful thank you so much!!", "I absolutely love these shoes! The hot pink is perfect and they shipped quick. I am definately happy with my purchase and even happier that I found the perfect shoes :)", "Like it very much, nice color, fits perfectly but a little bit slippery in the rain.I recommend nike very much.", "I'm a woman, shoe size 8.5, 117 lbs. Beware of these socks. I bought the medium size (8-10) and they are very tight on the ankles. It's been 24 hrs and the circle marks from the socks are still there. This is a serious problem since you want your circulation to be excellent while running.", "I love these pants, I have 5 pair and I might buy a couple more. They are not like the original dri-fit that had the draw string, (I wonder why Nike stopped making them), but they are still comfortable and they fit nice. I take them with me whenever I travel, they are comfortable to wear on the plane and look nice enough to wear when sightseeing. Love em!", "I was excited to purchase this item for my father as a father's day gift. The item shipped and arrived fast and in great condition. The ony issue I came accros is that the item runs small. PLEASE consider getting a bigger size when purchasing this item. Although they fit tight my father thought about keeping them anyways of how much he liked them. I have ordered a bigger size than what he usually wheres and he loves them!", "had these for a while now. They shine up averagely but feel great. Everyone always comments how the are &#34;Nike's&#34;. They remind me of my army days but more awesome.  Will get a second pair for sure.", "This is one of the most comfortable shoes i ever worn. Sometimes it's as if you are wearing running shoes. Would definitely recommend it.", "Just got my boots one day earlier then expected. They fit so perfect its so hard to find a size 13 that doesn't look like boats on your feet but still have lots of room. THESE ARE IT!! I luv the way nike cut these boots it fits nice and tight around the ankles with lots of padding you don't even have to lace them up that tight, I don't lace mines at all, very comfortable boots. I HATE HAVING BIG SIZE 13 FEET but these look very small on the outside but roomy on the inside HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. THANKS SOLE PLACE I WILL BE BACK FOR MY NEXT PURCHASE SOON.", "Like running and walking on drug store cotton !!! Love them, will purchase them again. Size 13 fit's good.Because of the mesh top,better summer time ,spring ,fall time out door runing ,walking shoe.", "Shoes arrived on time just as it listed I'm very pleased with the shoes color is great the only thing  is they fit a bit tight even though i loosen up all the shoe lase still didn't seem to budge mayme these  shoes arnt ment for wide feet but eather way I'm keeping them to wear around the house to see if I can break them in.I will update this review in near future to see how they turn out. 5 stars for style 6/4/2014", "I picked these out for my 8 year old daughter and she loved them ! They are cute , colorful and girly - great choice !", "Great shirt; I have worn and washed the shirt several times. The greatest attribute of the shirt is that it does not shrink. Well worth the price.", "My son didn't want anything &#34;flashy&#34; for school, but he wanted &#34;just a basic Nike shirt&#34;. . . .this satisfied his desires and it was an affordable purchase of great quality!", "This is a nice exercie bra to wear under your zumba tanks.  You may be in motion but your bust is not.", "Amazing", "I'm a 32DD, not an easy size to fit and yet a size necessitating a good sports bra!  For most women over a D cup, an adjustable bra is a must.  But sometimes I miss the simplicity of an over-the-head bra.  I do interval training (high impact, requiring an adjustable bra) and hot yoga (low impact).  For yoga I decided to look for a simple (and less expensive!) sports bra.The Nike Victory Shape does the job, but it's not perfect.  It's very well designed.  There are mesh panals where sweat accumulates the most (back, under bust) and the shoulder straps have no elastic, allowing for less bounce.  The moulded cups help position my breasts in place and the thin bottom band gives an overall lightweight effect.  Still, there could be more boob separation and more overall support.Nike advertises this bra for A-D cups.  I have an older Nike bra in size Small that fits perfectly, so I gave the Victory Shape a try.  I had to squeeze my DD's thru, but I liked the extra support.  I'm petite so that might allow for a bit of extra room.Overall, I recommend the Nike Victory Shape for a basic, over-the-head sports bra.Made in Sri Lanka.", "I love this top.  It is so soft and stretchy.  True to Nike Size.  Color has not faded despite several washings (and some sweat!) Completely recommend!", "It's comfortable, it doesn't move when I exercise, and it's nice and cool and doesn't feel like it's really tight. I feel it's true to size. It means what it says, and it says what it means, small is a small. Very good sports bra. I would recommend it to any girl who likes stabilized breats.", "Fits perfectly.  Great for layering and wonderful for the Arizona weather.  Washes well and retains the color.  Received the item quickly.  My daughter wears it for running and loves the weight of the garment and the warmth of the fabric.", "Great product!", "These socks are at a really good price for having 6 socks, Nike, and retain sweat really well.Feels really comfortable and it came within 2 days when shipped. Very glad I got these socks.", "great sock, breathes well, very comfortable.  nike is well known company so durability is not an issue.  True to size.  low cut but does not slip off foot.", "These socks fit well and are very comfortable.  I like to wear them around the house without shoes rather than going barefoot.  They are a good value for the price.  (Review written by Bun's husband)", "My husband loves the color and feel of it, just wished it was a tad bigger in size. Overall, it looks like it fits fine to me. I think it looks great on him! I highly recommend it!", "Excellent for running", "Excellent shoes, very comfortable. Muy buenos zapatos, muy c&oacute;modos y de excelente apariencia. Sin ning&uacute;n problema con el vendedor, llego en el tiempo establecido y tal cual como en la foto.", "I reveived it the product and I was happy with all that intelled... The shoes were  sent to Usps and it was well package. My Nike feel amazing especially as I work as a nurse, they feel great. I will shop with them again...", "I have a wide foot, these come in 10.5 4E, so I bought them.  I am a sort of new runner (2 years), with only using Mizuno Wave Riders before.I live in Atlanta, so its really hot.  I sweat a lot.  I had never had a problem with any Mizuno's before, but these seem to get wet, really wet, then are slushy during the end of my run and take 2 days to dry out.  I'm running a marathon this fall, so I've been training hard, if my run is over 6-7 miles the run gets uncomfortable and I cannot use them the next day.  So now I have to buy a second pair (going back to Wave Riders).For short runs, they have a lot of cushioning (which is what stays wet...) so they feel good, but I don't recommend for longer runs.  I'll rotate these in for shorter runs during the next few months.  Maybe when winter hits I can wear them more.", "I ordered Nike Shox in grey/white/black/yellow. Not only did they not send me what I ordered but the colors that they sent me were the ugliest that I could imagine. If the shoes weren't so ugly, I would probably have kept them so I didn't have to pay for return shipping but what they sent me are just atrocious. I order running shoes online for price and convenience. Not getting what you ordered is extremely inconvenient and paying to ship something cross-country TWICE is a waste of money.", "excelente producto", "Love them, Package came before estimated delivery time and good condition. I must say that these sneakers are comfortable, the material is great ,great price, and they are beautiful.", "I wear an 8.5. They fit length wise, but are far too narrow. So narrow that my feet go numb after I wear them for more than an hour. Waste of money, and definitely a shame because I love the look of them.", "Bought these after daughter had knee surgery so she would have comfortable shoes to wear to school and physical therapist recommended them... Great seller... They were perfect and she loved the look too. True to size fit.", "My second pair of Free Run+ shoes and I love them.  I wore them once for 4 miles and then the next time for 11, they are perfect to run in right out of the box.  Last time I bought men's because I liked the colors better.  These make me feel like a Smurf, but they are so comfy I don't care.", "I bought these for my nephew, a skateboarder, because I read good things about them.  But one the 1st day there was a rip in the shoes and the laces broke within days.", "these are my favorite shoes they fit perfectly and shipped very fast and are great shoes overall and worth the money.", "This is a very well made sneaker with strong velcro straps that are hard to find these days.  The shoe is extremely comfortable for walking and jogging.I will definitely buy another pair when needed.  Very true to size.", "I wear a size 11 in every shoe, except this shoe. I wear a 11.5. Other than that its a great shoe for a good price.", "I run twice per/day as part of my heart condition therapy. A friend of me, long distance runner, recommended these running shoes in order to preserve my knees from pain or weakness. Indeed I run my 2 miles with no hurt at all.", "I was very please with the item I ordered. The shipping was fast!!! This was a gift for my son and he loves them", "Runs Small like all of them", "These are a good deal for $100! They're getting harder to find, so that's why I always keep an eye out for these on sale. Especially in different colors! I'm sure if you have a pair of Nike Air Goadome, I don't have to tell you how comfortable they are. I'm a big guy, I wear these to work year 'round and they pass for casual, not too sporty looking.", "They fit properly", "I have no complaints about the fit of the shoe at all. They are very comfortable for a long day standing on your feet. I use them for work mostly as I have other tennis shoes for exercise. They are bulkier than I thought they would be and that is the only reason I cannot give them five stars. I'm just not a huge fan of the way they look if I wear anything other than jeans with some flare. I thought these were exactly like my old pair which were slim and form fitting.", "fits ok but will order a size 9 next time, i love nike women&#34;s sneakers will buy more for sure.", "I got these as indoor exercise shoes. They are very comfortable and give good support. Not the the fanciest or nicest looking shoes but they get the job done.", "THe most comfortable sports shoes I have worn and I will sure get another pair soon. You won't regret it", "Nike has always been associated with durability, look and affordability....this shoes is proof of that. Nike fan forever. Thanks Amazon.", "So far, so good. I have owned many brands of shoes and nike has always lasted the longest. For some strange reason I wear through shoes fairly fast. These shoes fit great and show hardly any wear so far. I also get lots of comments on these shoes.", "the shoes were advertised as great for those people who stand all day.  and they were comfy fo about a week and then all the support is gone.  still looking for a good walking shoe", "If I remember right I ordered mens size 8.5wide walking shoes", "It's OK", "These shoes are great, if you don't move. The sole of these shoes are great. They are super supportive, and that foam is like standing on a cloud...however, when you walk all those good feelings go out the window. Right at the toe, the material of this shoe is so stiff. When you bend your foot while walking the stiff material pushes into the top of your foot and really hurts. I was left with bruises on the top of my feet! This is the only issue with these shoes. The comfort sock lining - not a good idea, or at least it wasn't executed properly. It seems to hold your foot all wrong and just make walking painful and or uncomfortable. I would NOT recommend these shoes to anyone. Nike is normally my go to shoe, but these things are terrible!", "These fit my daughter perfectly--We ordered the size she usually wears for street shoes. GREAT shoe for the low price.", "My previous \"all time favorite\" hoops shoes were the Nike Air Max Finisher (from 6-8 years ago, if I recall correctly)--great support for a \"big\" and excellent cushioning. Ultimately, though, I found them to be a bit heavier than I like and less durable than I would have hoped--I had two pair, and both died prematurely when the heel Air cell ruptured. Next I tried a pair with Air Zoom cushioning, which turned me on to that tech (doesn't matter what model--they were nothing special, otherwise).About a year ago I picked up a pair of Zoom Hyperdunk 2011s (and yes, there are apparently Air Max Hyperdunk 2011s out there, so be sure to look closely). While it wasn't my initial impression (more on that, later), now I will tell you that these are by far the best hoops shoes I've ever owned (and that lineage goes back to original Air Jordans and miscellaneous others before that, and various Nikes and Reebocks since).Here's what I like:* The lockdown on these shoes is incredible, like nothing I've previously worn. This seems to be enabled by the thin, comforming Flywire uppers; the feel is almost like wearing a (really tight) sock with a sole, rather than a shoe. I can tell I'm much more confident in my cuts with these shoes.* The ankle support is superb, right in line with the Air Max Finisher. I've never come close to an ankle injury, despite spending most of my time in the paint (meaning that landing on other feet is a way of life).* They have great cushioning, thanks to the Zoom tech and the rest of the midsole design. Note that I play with custom orthotics, so I'm not using the stock insoles. For foot/angle alignment reasons, I also use a heel cushion under the orthotics. I used this same setup with my previous pair of shoes, so I can legitimately  compare cushioning. In fact, my favorable impression of the cushioning is despite the orthotics, which are actually quite hard, with just a thin cover on top.* They feel light, almost as much so as a guard's shoe (which I've sometimes worn over the past 10-15 years). I don't feel like my feet are dragging at the end of the 4th game, as I sometimes did with the Air Max Finisher. Again, I suspect that's a function of the Flywire upper, which is much lighter/thinner than any other upper material on any shoe I've ever played in.* They breath well--I've yet to have a wet sock, even after playing 5-6 games.Things you need to know:* This is NOT a traditionally-fitting shoe! They are going to feel much tighter than anything you've ever worn, when fitted correctly--it's like having a second skin, rather than giving a feeling of being \"encased\", as with other shoes. Talking to players who have worn Hyperdunk 2010s (I haven't), this is even more pronounced in the 2011s, so be prepared for that! Despite this, the uppers are extraordinarily flexible, so I've never felt a pinch or hot spot (a traditional problem for me, as my right foot is slightly smaller than my left, making a good fit a challenge). FYI, I can say now that the sizing is spot on--at first I thought that they were too short and too narrow, but that's just a perception due to their radical design (hence the online reviews that complain about sizing).* You MUST lace these shoes up as tightly as possible! This goes against everything I ever learned about lacing tension--if I had done this with any other pair of shoes I'd worn, I would have either cut off circulation to my forefoot or even given myself blisters; firm, but not tight, lacing to allow for some flex in the uppers was required in all previous shoes. With the Hyperdunk 2011, tight lacing is how you achieve lockdown, however, with the Flywire upper providing all the flex. I also recommend wearing these shoes for 10-15 minutes before lacing up, as your foot will \"settle in\" during that time, which may make the lacing too loose for safe play if you don't relace (and you may jam your toes, too, as your foot can slide forward too much on stops/cuts). I suspect that the online reviewers that complain about \"lack of support\" don't \"get\" this lacing approach, and are lacing up too loosely.* Because of the tight fit and extreme lacing, it takes a bit of work to loosen the laces up enough to make ingress/egress easy. When I first got my Hyperdunk 2011s, I was using a shoe horn to get in (and with no little difficulty, even then). Now I know to just fully loosen the laces all the way down to the instep, and I don't have any problems. This does mean, though, that you probably wouldn't enjoy these as casual shoes--you have to do too much work if you don't need the performance that the Hyperdunk 2011 brings.* Several online reviews have complained that the brightly-colored versions (blue and green, particularly) will flake off the color after a short time. I own the solid black version, so I have no experience with this issue--my Hyperdunk 2011s still look great after nearly a year. You may wish to take this into account before making a purchase decision, however.", "This shoe is one of the best nike shoes. It fits true to size. In the past shox ran .5 small due to the \"shox\", but you can buy your size. I like all nike that have the black on top and the white on bottom. The comfort level is not like the max so don't expect it to be a shoe you will play in swiftly for hrs. If you are looking for that shoe that makes you appear taller in nylon suits. Just hopes this helps someone 'cause I got a different color from another site and they didn't have good reviews as for the size and fit.", "I have always liked Nike shoes, and usually they fit me well; however, I ordered this pair of walkers advertised as Wide and nowhere on the shoes does it say \"wide\".  The shoe is too narrow at the instep and it did not flex sufficiently for my foot to flex.  After one day of wearing I ended up with sores on the top of my toes and muscle pain in my foot.  I would have returned the shoes, except that I ordered them for an event, so I was forced to wear them.  This shoe was less expensive than the model that I usually get and it was also lower quality.  I would not recommend this shoe.", "The shoes fit as expected,", "This pair is awesome because it is hard to find in the size I ordered! Its comfortable in every way!", "Very happy with the item", "I am on my feet a lot at work and I use this as a work shoe !  Very comfortable !", "I like these shoes. I bought these shoes a few months ago and have been very pleased.  They fit well and are very comfortable.  I do have a narrow foot.", "I wear 12-13 depending on the shoe manufacturer, I've found over the years the shoes have been running smaller and I've had to go for 13's more than I did in the past.  This is the first time I've ever gotten a size 13 that was too small.The size difference is mostly in the width, these mediums feel like size 11's the length isn't much better feeling like a somewhat snug size 12.", "My husband has been wearing these shoes for years and loves them. We shopped locally, but couldn't find them any longer. Checked Amazon and found them at a lower price than what we usually pay. Shoe size is right on the spot and had no problems with the seller. Item shipped quickly. Very happy with the purchase.", "Having worn the same shoe size for over forty years, I was surprised to find that size ten is too small for my feet.  I don't know if this was a one time error or it is how they are produced, but I would recommend trying them on IMMEDIATELY when you get them.  Good thing Amazon is so good as to allow returns for defective products like this one.", "Happy with the purchase", "I already bought a pair of these shoes at DSW and after I wore them for almost a month I decided to buy another pair, when I went back to the store all they had left was 3 pairs and none of them fit me, I loved the way they fit and the feel of these shoes so I started looking for another pair, when I could not find them I went n line and found them at Amazon so I ordered them.", "they fit well and look great - semi wide fit so for jump training their great as well as running ..", "Bought these for my mom.She really likes the shoes. They look better than what is shown in the picture.", "These cleats where great when it  came to getting traction on the field and the side grips allowed for some sweet curve shots. One thing I didn't enjoy was that it pinched a little on the inside of my ankle, but once you break them in they are a blast. The inside of the shoe really sticks to your socks and the narrow sole allows for easy handling of the ball. Offset laces provide comfortable longer range kicks. Over all I am very pleased with this cleat.", "Great all around shoes.  Comfortable. Great if into sports- particularly basketball.  Fit as expected.", "I just got these shoes like 2 hours ago and i can say fairly i love 'em they are comfy and how u can put your school colors in them and that helps 'cause i am  a cheerleader for football and basket ball!! and it matches our uniforms  and every cheer leader has them so .... I totlay recomend them !!", "These are super light cleats that increase speed but offer little protection from blisters (heal & big toes) without proper protection.", "- Correct size.- Correct color.- Good quality.- Very confortable to play.", "Were really good and comfortable..while they lasted. Only lasted  about 3 months and I only played about once a week and after a short while a hole started forming and got bigger and bigger until they were unusable", "These shoes are perfect for my 17 year old daughter.  They have plenty of room for orthotics.  The boot is deep so it still gives ankle protection with the orthotic in it.  She has tried many shoes - but these are the ones that work for her.", "Good looking shoe and does the trick on a lot of indoor fields. They look pretty awesome too, i'm pretty much the coolest guy on campus. Don't trust me? Being as they are priced they way they are, buy yourself a pair and see/kick for yourself. heheheehehehehe", "I love these shoes. My daughter and I have the same size shoe and we share these specific shoes. I love the color and the comfort.", "Sweet throwback Nikes! Lots of complements right away. They fit very comfortably. Especially love the magenta laces!  This my second pair, won't be my last", "I was fitted with Pegasus+ 29 and purchased them at a running store.  I decided to stay with the model and size.", "Absolutely stunning! They are lightweight and very comfortable and fit as expected.", "They fit perfect", "Much cuter than the picture!", "This is a great product. It will fit like I expected when my son is a year old. Well worth the money.", "This hat was a little big for my 8 month old but it has an adjustable strap which made it fit a little better.  It is adorable and it will fit him for a while since it is a little big so I like the adjustable strap.  I love the colors too.", "For $80 you can't beat the price for this pair of Nike Shox.  I love these shoes because their comfortable and they look kinda stylish on Jeans Friday at work.  Watch Colony is also great seller with some unbelievable prices.", "My child loves the shoes.  Wears 2 school and says they feel great!  These will be my last reviews for anything I order from Amazon.  Love shopping w/you but hate being told how many words I need to use on a review!", "Came a little late, but they fit well, look perfect and now are my favorite shoes. I would definitely recommend.", "Read reviews and I was a little concerned about it being too small, but it fit true to my 11.5 size and they look great, the green is only on the tongue and the insole, so it's not overbearing!", "Looks like Nike has improved the sole on this shoe. It used to have rubber sections glued to parts of the bottom of the shoe which would come off after a few months and render the shoe worthless for running.", "fit exactly how he wanted them to fit! best and most comfortable pair of shoes you could buy! worth it", "The sole of the shoe is a bit odd.  Under the arch of the foot the sole gets very narrow.  You can sort of see it on the third picture from the top, the one that shoes the inside side of the shoe.  Other than that the show fits well and is very comfortable.  I have a narrow heel and it fits well.  The shoe will feel a bit tight on the forefoot but will probably stretch a bit making it even more comfortable as I wear it.  Would buy this particular model again.", "this was my first time ordering shoes and was a little worried they would not  be the right thing or size but they got it perfect and when i order shoes next time i will order from here they shipped fast and the shoe was EXACTLY what it was supposed to be.", "They run small but they are very comfortable sneakers to run in and do your workouts.... That I even bought two pairs", "This show is perfect for people with wider than normal feet. No break in time, comfortable as well. I want another pair. Best Nike shoe I have wore to date, even better than the air max", "they are awesome. I like it. I would recomend it to yvon. These r good looking shoes. They r so cool.", "tey are great shoes but they rip easily. its actually very annoying there populer and cool just rip to easily", "I get so many compliments on these shoes it's ridiculous!  I bought them for nursing school because all my other shoes were wild colors and they wanted us to have as close to plain white as we could get.  Well these are white while still being fun.  Now nursing school is over and I still wear them on an almost daily basis.  I wouldn't recommend them for running but that's just my personal opinion.  I like the look and feel of Nike's but for some reason they bother the ball of my foot when I'm running.  But even after a full day of work on my feet these still feel good.", "The shoes are little big to my feet, but I think is OK. The shoes hold my feet perfectly, I love it", "Light. Super comfortable.", "I replaced the internal soles with doctor scholes because I do the insanity workout training and need that extra support", "Love how light weight they are. Great for running/ walking. Also love the colors they go perfect together! Very Happy with my purchase", "The sneakers fits perfectly and are very light. I like the selection of colors they offer.", "Size is exactly how it should be, these look great and are an amazingly comfortable shoe!", "Just perfect! I didn't expect them to come packaged as if I had just picked them up from the store!", "The shoe was a little small, specifically on the toe box. The arch also hit me in the wrong spot. Good looking shoe but I am returning.", "This is a very lightweight shoe, like the Nike Free, and sadly, seems kind of cheaply made. There is very little support. It is just sub par compared to any other Nike I have ever owned. I generally love Nike shoes, but this one disappoints. Also, it runs slightly large, so if you're between sizes go down the half size. Wish i had kept the box to return them, at least they were on the less expensive side, so i will wear then when my good shoes would get wrecked, and let them collect dust the rest of the time.", "I love the lite weight of my new shoes! The colors are vivid too.", "cute colors but very narrow which makes wearing them longer then an hr unbearable! They do have great arch support", "I have other nike soccer shoes and usually wear 10.5. Got 11 after reading reviews and could probably have gotten 11.5.", "the soccer shoe was not a true size 12, you will need to order vthe shoe one more size bigger", "I love the way the shoes look in person! So far they have been preforming really good and I've experienced no problems with them yet!", "I bought these to wear for Zumba.  They worked fantastic!  They let you pivot and turn without the little catch that running or xTrainers have EXCEPT that they really cut into my heel.  I shrugged it off figuring I just needed to break them in.  I stuck it out for a few more classes and they never got better and my heel got worse.  I gave them up when I noticed that I had a bump exactly where they were cutting into my heel.I finally ended up buying another pair of shoes for Zumba and giving these away.  I had hoped it was just me having an issue with these shoes but I asked a few other girls who had them and they had the same issue but not to the degree I did.So if they work for you, they are fantastic.. As for me, I'm in PT missing Zumba due to inflation on my heel :(", "I have a pair of black suede Nike Musiques and was happy to find them in other colors and fabrics. Also, I wear a 11 and 1/2 which is hard to find. These fit perfect, they are light wieght and fashionable.", "I love these shoes for Zumba class!  The sole lets you slide for the dance moves, but the shoe still gives great support!", "Excellent product I really recommend good quality all delivered as stated in the publication of the goods the remomiendo 100% ........", "I love the way these shoes fit, and how light they are.  Really comfortable, but I was surprised that they make my feet sweat so much.  My feet generally don't sweat much as a rule, but in these shoes, they do.  I find that they don't breath as much as I thought they would.  Still, I'll put up with it for the comfort and support (I have a very high arch, and these are one of the few shoes I've found that actually support it well.)", "These shoes fit well and are quite comfortable.  I wear these to Zumba about 5 days/week.  They grip and glide when they should.  Love these shoes!", "I am on my feet all day. These shoes fit like a soft glove. Their lightweight feel remarkably provides support.", "My son loves them!  Easy and light weight.  He hasn't taken them off since he got them,  I would recommend them.", "These shoes are expensive, and probably over priced, but with that said, my husband is on his second pair.  They are nice enough to wear to work with casual pants, and great on a trail.", "My Husband wears a brace due to extensive nerve damage and we have not been able to find a shoe for over a year.  WINNER!!!!!!!  Thank you so much because I could not take on trying on one more pair of shoes!!!!!!!", "Pretty and bright colors, fit perfect.", "These are very lightweight and very well supported. They also have removable insoles. The colors are very vibrant as well.", "I really like these sneakers but I've only worn them for about three weeks and part of the sole is already pealing away. Other than that, they are very comfortable!", "Great shoe, good price, and excellent true to size fit. Love them!", "I really loved the shoes, they are super light .. very good service, responsible for my part I highly recommend it ..", "Style is perfect, just like the picture. The shoe itself is very comfortable, but runs a little bit big. Overall, a great experience with the seller.", "I love these, i spent weeks researching cross trainers to see which ones would work best as im starting T25 and Shakeology at home and wanted comfortable shoes to work out in and use for other purposes. These fit perfect and are super comfortable! Would def recommend!", "Very comfortable. I have a wider foot and these fit great. I would highly recommend. Great color that sometimes looks red and other times dark pink ,", "The fit is great. I feel plenty of support and have gone on several long walks, classes at the gym, etc. Plus, they are cute enough that I don't feel dumb wearing them when I'm not working out.", "super happy for shoes", "very comfortable wear them daily, i enen wear them in the house", "This shos is comfortable and stylish.  My daughter loves them.  They have a shine to them that changes in the light.", "Great pair. Fits well and very comfortable.", "This pair of sneakers is very comfy and stylish. They fit at expected and are as described. I am a sneaker person and Nike Dunk Low are classic.", "Very comfy and cushioned....but I got a blister from the top part rubbing against my foot. Guess I just have to break them in. Overall they are worth buying.", "My son wanted these for a birthday present & his wish was fulfilled by very generous grandparents.  He left them outside an apartment door & the next morning they were gone. SO, the extraordinarily generous grandparents (and others) chipped in to get him his 2nd pair.  Because that's how much he loved/loves them. They fit perfectly. They are green.", "excellent product. I recommend it very colorful on-court set and provides the ankles Segurida a good accord and support for basketball practice. peerfectas colors bladed", "just what I wanted, ecxelente product quality. play basketball has never been better with this model nike, recommend these shoes for those who want to go to the maximum", "As I said love this CW collection, but $158 for them you must be smoking something serious.  Good luck with that.", "I ordered the wrong size and reordered a bigger size and they fit better.", "This is my second pair.  The first pair wore longer than other shoes that I have used for my daily walks.  They fit my particle foot perfectly.", "Great running shoes. They feel like you're walking on pillows. This is my third pair!! Will never buy another brand.", "Nike stopped making these back in 09 but these are the only shoes that I can do my dance routines in without feeling like they are too big or clunky on my feet.", "Sneakers are adorable and easy to put on a toddler that does not like anything on her feet! She has only worn them once or twice, so I can't yet comment on how they hold up with an active toddler, though they appear pretty sturdy and well made.", "Great fit, my daughter enjoys wearing them, especially when competing in sporting events.", "I love love love the 95's.  It is my favorite sneaker and I've replaced this sneaker at least 5 times since they've come out.  They're comfortable, stylish and go with almost everything.  I've been searching for a replacement pair for months and was so happy when I found these (lots of knockoffs floating around).  These sneakers are a must have and they're also durable.", "I love how comfortable these shoes are.  I did't doubt that they would be since I have over 30 pair of Nike Free Run shoes simply because of how comfortable and light weight they are.  I also like how these shoes slip right on and that there is no \"detachable\" tongue to them.  I know some people don't care for that detail and prefer a tongue that is not attached to the ankle part of the shoe because they find it easier to slip into and adjust to their foot properly, but I honestly have no issues with those things in this shoe.  There is plenty of space to get your feet in and then they still tie up tight enough for support and don't have slippage when being active in them.  I workout two hours a day and I love exercising in these shoes.  They are light weight, flexible, and just a great comfortable fit.", "If your son is like mine, he only wears sports jerseys.  Truthfully, I was initially apprehensive about this jersey because of the price - it's expensive for something a kid will wear.  At delivery, I noted all of the special details - patches, insignias, rubberized screen print, textures, cut - there's a lot going on here - very high quality.  Finally, my son loves the way it looks, fits and feels.  He wears this thing constantly - to school, on the soccer field for practice, and often, to sleep in.  I'd gladly purchase another made to these professional standards.  Glad I took a chance on it!", "Sexy comfy fits as expected", "Perfect.", "Bought them as a present for my wife and she loves them. Look really nice on her. Very good purchase", "great price, i will never buy shoes at stores anymore, way cheaper on amazon and if you know your size for Nike it will always fit", "It fit as expected", "Nike The Overplay VII we received are wonderful. Exactly what we wanted.", "Excelente producto Nike", "I bought these for my dad and he likes them perfect fit for his size 14 feet.", "mine has some weird grey stripe coloring around the top hole of the shoe. It is a completely different shoe from the Overplay VI which was really disappointing to me. Much less durable shoe. Lower quality", "Very nice looking shoe with NO support.  It felt like I was playing in Flip-flops.", "KNEW WHEN I ORDERED THE SHOE I HAD THE RIGHT SIZE BUT MORE THAN LIKELY THEY WOULD FIT A LITTLE NARROW. SO I GOT JUST WHAT I EXPECTED. I WANTED THE WHITE AND I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THE SHOE.", "Really though, how can you go wrong with new Nikes, delivered to your door, for under $50?I work construction and wear these for work...I imagine they will hold up just like my previous Nikes, comfortable and durable for about 1 year.", "Thanks", "THE SHOE WERE A LITTLE SMALL BUT THEY WILL WORK OVER ALL THE PRODUCT IS FINE I SHOULD OF LOOKED AT THE SIZE BETTER", "Really nice pair of sneakers its very comfortable and the size is great it looks very neat on my feet.", "You can not beat the price of these. You can where them for everyday use or play ball in them.  They are very comfortable and are true to size.", "i bought these for my husband he's very picky over his shoes and he just loves these shoes the color and how they fit. I guess i'll be reordering them.", "this product takes to much time to get shiped. its to much time thats take this product more than a week and this product dont get shiped., I buy another shoes in the same time and they arrived two days ago", "Nooo! I lost my favorite sunglasses. I had these in chrome and blue, but they disappeared somehow. They are really cool to look at, and give excellent protection from the sun. And most importantly, they are really comfortable to wear. No pressure on my ears, nose or temples. Obviously I'm getting a new pair (gunmetal/black this time, as chrome/blue was not available).", "the really fit well as expected. i LOVE IT", "light weight and sharp", "Was exactly what he wanted and they fit great! He is happy!! :)Excellent find he wanted just white nikes and these were a great find. Hard to find anything in thestores that doesn't have a lot of colors and these are like the ones he wore years ago....LOL", "It is very light and fits perfectly.I specially like logo color for i will wear it with my suit", "sorry but is to largeit was nice but unfit.the size is okthe color is nice and suiteI love itgood quality", "very happy with product", "This product fits perfect for my size 10, it is very comfortable and feet have a lot of stability. I recommend it for street basket.", "I gotta break em in but they are cool and all black unlike all that colorful mess the kids wear", "Great shoe, really like the comfort of it. Feels good and not cheap like a lot of the other shoes. Really helped me cut quicker on court.", "Poorly made. Visable glue. Probably counterfit Jordans", "They are very comfortable while walking around and very cool shoes overall.But box was damage but not the shoesGreat for the price.", "the shoe came kinda late but is fine, the shoe fits and it also come with a coupon on your next order...", "i didnt buy these shoes through amazon but i did buy myself a pair thru champs and i gotta say they are really cool. ive gotten a lot of compliments on them and ive put them thru hell and theyve survived cleaned up real nicely and im still rockin them", "ok", "I bought these as a birthday gift for my son in-law and ive never seen him happier. He was excited that they matched his sons little jordans. match made in heaven.", "I have had these for almost 2 years and there's no signs of wear and tear. They look and feel great.", "A little stiff, but once broken in, feel pretty good.  More for looks. IF they hold up, they will earn the 5 stars.oh.  If you're going to wear them a lot, get some arch supports to slip in.  Very flat sole.", "there were two right foot shoes in the box. There was not a shoe for the left foot. These shoes should have been packaged better", "I ordered these shoes before school started and they came in just before and were perfect.  They re exactly like what they would be like if you ordered them in the store, very fresh shoes ! I wouldn't hesitate to order another pair of shoes from Amazon !!", "My daughter has worn this particular model of shoe in the past for soccer. She has found it to be comfortable, durable and an excellent performer with features she really likes. She was happy to find this particular shoe that is &#34;an older model&#34; for soccer and kicking for football. It is an excellent shoe and we are glad we were able to find it here!", "I love these shoes. They fit perfect. Are very comfortable....my feet are complainers!!!! Also, they look very dressy. I just wish you could purchase them in blue jean blue. The shipper was very fast.", "I would return these if I could but I missed the 30 day deadline. I was so annoyed by these shoesI couldn't even bear to look at them for a month when I received them. The shox I had a few years agowere the best running shoes I ever owned and I have been trying to replace them since but Nike no longersells them in stores.The heel on these shox are made of such a stiff unforgiving plastic there is no shock absorption at all...just shocking discomfort.The inside chafes and the leather upper is stiff and unforgiving.And they were very expensive.So bummed at the inferior product and annoyed at myself for not returning them immediately as now I am stuck with them.", "I have to return these because they were a little too heavy for my foot other than that the style looked very nice.", "Need to get more of these sneakers. These are the old time favorites. Always run out of everyone's sizes fast.Must order your true size....", "Bought this shoe for my son who plays tennis on a high level. He loves them, great support and stability. The only 'negative' is that even though the inner drag part is reenforced it wears out fast and that part is not covered under the outside sole guarantee.(My son tends to slide on any court he plays on) But a trip to the shoemaker and $10 did wonders.I would definitely buy these shoes again. One of the better ones out there.", "Recently I needed to buy a new pair of running shoes and was a little hesitant to go for a \"name brand\" like Nike; my old running shoes are Saucony's. I tried on one pair of Nike's (I can't remember the style) that were about $15 cheaper than the Dual Infusion ST 2's and the difference was amazing. The DUST 2's are some of the most comfortable, form fitting shoes I've ever had. They were easy as hell to break in, I walked around in them all day for about 2 days then immediately ran 4 miles in them on the 3rd day with no discomfort whatsoever. The material used in the shoe is breathable, they are extremely light weight and just an all around solid shoe. Hope this review helps!", "This was a nice Backpack but small.  If you have a laptop or large books it wouldn't have enough room.", "My nike is totally a great product, so comfortable after removing the spike competely, as it was too high. It's well designed and durable with a very smooth inside for comfort. I totally recommend it!", "I bought these about 6 mths ago and they are holding up well. They are super comfy and get noticed. The description says leather, but there is no leather on them. I knew that, so that didn't bother me. But, if you are buying them for that reason, beware. Definitely worth the money, I actually paid more than what they are now. I use them for Turbofire and love that they have good arch support!", "I wear a size 13 they fit great and the material is leather. Just a average shoe not worth 100 bucks", "These have been wonderful shoes. Looking at the sole they are nearly worn out and I'm on Amazon looking for the same pair.  Many compliments - I use them just as casual shoes for walking- excellent breathability - with the mesh. Have had compliments and feel ok wearing them with jeans/ shorts- whatever. My go-to tennis shoe.", "I'll start by saying I'm a very big fan of Nike and  all Nike products but with these boots I was sadly let down. I'm a LEO and bought these for general uniform patrol duties. I've had them for about a month now and parts of the tread of the boot has separated from the sole. I have worked about ten twelve hour shifts and really expected these boots to last at least six months. With that little bit said I wont be trusting nike for boots and sadly wasted 140 dollars.", "I Purchased The Nike Tan Boots In Sept 2012 At A US Patriot Store In Tampa, Florida. I Have Been Deployed To Afghanistan For 7 Months And They Are Already Falling Apart. I Contacted US Patriot and They Claimed That There Is A 90 Day Return policy. So, I Spent $149.00 And They Boots Have NOT even Lasted A Year. I Won't Be Buying Any Nike Boots Anytime Soon.", "Best shoe ever gotten!", "Like them alot fit well but not for everyone,this is the kind of sneakers u want to try at a store first not like me but i enjoy them glad i bought them.", "The shoes are nice . Cant say  much for the box. They came in a damaged smashed box. Luckily it didnt affect the shoes. The shoe strings though do not match. Other than that would recommend the shoes :)", "I only got these because I wanted the grey socks. They're great, but it's annoying I can't purchase the grey socks by themselves.", "These shoes fit true to size and are so comfortable!  I wear them to Body Pump and haven't tried to run in them yet (I prefer more support in my running shoe).  I walked a few miles in them and had no issues.  Plus they are cute! :)", "I go through workout shoes like crazy, had tried many different brands and types but must say these are the most comfortable works out shoes I've ever owned.  I go to the gym in them, run and do Zumba and they feel like I don't have any shoes on at all.  I would highly recommend these, especially if you run.", "These are the most comfortable workout shoe EVER!  This is my 2nd pair I've bought... definitely worth the money. Your feet will thank you!", "I have the Nike Golf Women's Tech Classic skort in black and it's one of my favorite summer outfits. The white skirt fits the same but the fabric is far too thin. The pockets and the shorts are clearly visible through the skirt. I'm really disappointed that I have to return it.", "I like these frames a lot. I bought them to replace the same that broke. I like the sporty look of the frames.", "These eyeglasses sura are comfortable and very nice looking. That's the main reason I bought them. Besides they are wide so they don't get tight. The main problem with these eyeglasses is the material. The nose pads didn't last 2 months, they deteriorate extremely easily. I got a new pair of the original nose pads and they also didn't last more than two months. So I ended up using a pair of nose pads that are transparent and round that are the only that could fit these eyeglasses. One of the temples already have a crack in it, it's not broken, but it is leaking form that crack, I guess my eyeglasses won't make it to the second year of existence.So that's my conclusion, they are really comfortable, excelent on that, but they are not durable, they won't last more than two years. The nose pads won't last 3 months. So if you want a pair of comfortable and good looking disposable eyeglasses, don't look any further.", "perfect, light", "Great buys, shoes are miss marked so I had to by from UK sizing to get a better fit than US sizing.", "This is a good shoe for someone who doesn't put in a lot of miles running or who is a walker. It is nicely cushioned and the fit will work for most people. May not be the best choice for a serious runner but it is a good basic multi-use shoe.", "This is the first time I've purchased Nike shoes in almost a decade and I regret it.  Within days of wearing these shoes, my right foot along the tongue of the shoe began to swell.  I tried different socks, restringing the shoelaces and nothing helped.  My foot hurts days after I stopped wearing them.  I've never had a problem with any running shoes like this ever in my life and I run about 15 miles a week.  I was trying to save money, big mistake.  I'll be going back to Asics.", "I bought these exact pair of shoes a few years ago and still have them. I wear them everywhere and they are still in great condition. I workout, hike and walk in them. They are very comfortable and have a lot of cushion. I would highly recommend these shoes to anyone. I LOVE THEM!!", "I thought these would be better than they are. They provide almost zero stability as when run a lot of foot movement. They do have decent cushioning, but as someone who runs 1/2 marathons, these aren't for heavy running. I have no learned I will not get Nike's to run. Sticking with Asics.", "I ordered matching Jordans for my husband and son, my husband has worn his but my son has yet to fit in his.  My husband loves these shoes and it is easy to match them to almost any outfit!", "I was surprised at how authentic the material for this jersey feels. It has fabric patterns that mimic a performance jersey. The corporate lettering is ironed on the mid-chest but the Nike logo and Arsenal crest are stitched on. Also, it says \"Arsenal\" on the back of the neck like most authentic jerseys do. The only gripe I have is that the Arsenal crest is a bit smaller than I'm used to seeing.", "I ordered a seven seven, which I have been wearing in Nike Lunar Eclipses for awhile. However, these fit a bit too loosely. I have wide feet in general and these actually felt too wide, even though they were normal width shoes.Something I didn't realize that may help prospective buyers: the shield/rain guard makes the shoes less breathable. My shoes seem soaked by the end of a run.Otherwise, they work well and are the fairly good quality I expect from higher-priced Nike shoes.", "Nike knew what they were doing with the Air Max air sole. These are super comfortable and extremely great for runningafter dark as they have the best reflectors of any Nike product I have purchased. EVER!! Bought 2 pairs so I am ready when I wear these out. Should buy a third pair.", "I usually wear medium and the fit was fine. I brought this skirt to wear to walk around, run errands. The length of this skirt is very short. it depends on the individual who is wearing if she likes it. Then it is great.", "What you see is what you get. Just love the shoe and its combination. and personally my 4th pair of RED Sneakers.. ;-)", "I really like these jordan, good price and good quality. Recommended for casual type rather than for basketball to be low and comfortable", "Item is great, very comfortable and true to size. BUT they are meant for casual wear not anything that involves water. I say this because the fabric soaks up the water and stays wet for a very long time. Sand also builds up on the footbed where your foot is. I'd recommend if you want casual wear sandals.", "I was excited about this product until it arrived. Didn't like it for it looks very cheap than I expected. I'd like to return it and to get a refund. But it's been 4 days since I requested for a return label I haven't heard back from the seller. Disappointed.", "first off i like the material of the frame.. light on the face and also durable. color combination is nice and perfect for anything that you will wear. i like the big leather case too it protects the sunglasses when you are not wearing it.", "for me, anyway. It took a little getting used to after using asics for some time now, but this is going to be my third pair and counting...really nice support, light and well made. one of the best running shoe out there. Did look too nice to run in at first, but it turned out to be a very comfortable design.", "Great fit, like running on a cloud.  Lightweight.  Great for overpronaters.  However, fell apart after 500 miles.  I recommend if you are willing to swap light weight performance for longevity.", "I got these as a present for my father-in-law. He has really flat feet and he said that these were the best shoes he's ever had. So if you have flat feet, try these shoes out!", "My wife loves the shoe, colors and is comfortable! She couldn't wait to break them in and get running! Thanks", "I love, love, love my Nike Zoom Elites!  I love them so much I already ordered another pair just like them for when the first pair wears out.  I run marathons and have a very high arch, and these shoes were more than wonderful to me in my last marathon (Nashville music city marathon).  Also, I was surprised how many other runners had these shoes.  If you have high arches you must get these shoes.  I have no complaints thus far and I've had them for 4 months now.", "I normally don't wear sneakers but i had a stress testto take so i need some the price was great feels light on my feet after doing well on my stress test i actually started running every morning and evening will i buy from the vendor again hell yes", "about 13 months ago I had my running style professionally measured and received 5 viable options, I chose based off of looks at that point and the Vomero won with a stylish grey/blue with a hint of neon green. When I first ran in the shoes I thought they were a little stiff, but within about a week they were already perfectly broken in. A year and about 600-700 miles later I am still in love.I was able to wear these every day for my Army ROTC PT and I never had an issue, rain, sleet, cold, hot, these shoes did it all.  As expected the sole is a little worn out and I just had to change insoles after all this time, but they will be a perfect bad weather shoe once I get my new pair.", "I've used Vomero before and it was extremely comfortable.  This one rubbed my toes and hurts big time.  I've tried different sizes - no difference.  I had to return it unfortunately.", "I walk with these babies for 12-14 hrs a day sometimes and i dont feel any pain.......looking forward to buying another pair :)", "Simply one of the best shoes on the market if you require cushioning.  The + logo allows sync which is nice.", "When I spend $100 on running shoes, I expect them to last a minimum of one year.  After 10 miles of running the black rubber bottoms became unattached from the white rubber cushions.  Now I am beyond the Amazon return date policy and I have wasted $100 on a pair of worthless shoes.  This will be last pair of Nike running shoes.  This will be the last running shoe order I place with Amazon.", "The shoes arrived well packaged and in good shape. They are comfortable, but compared to other NIKE shoes I've owned over the years do not offer as much cushioning. I ran in them for a week and determined they weren't the shoe for me so now they are &#34;casual wear&#34;. I ended up getting a pair of NIKE Pegasus 28 which I like very much.", "These shoes are super comfortable, and they fit great.  I use them for running on the treadmill, or plain everyday walking!", "I have a leg issue and these are very comfortable and feel good on the feet ! I have 2 pair highly recommend them !!!", "I have several pairs of sneakers and these are my favorite. Very very lightweight and my feet can breathe. Didn't realize such a difference until I put on a pair of my pumas!", "I wouldn't recommend this product because I never received it.  I e-mailed the seller and waited a few days, no response.  I e-mailed them again and a new person responded back and acted like this was the first time they'd heard that I was dissatisfied.  I received a full refund, however it was supposed to be a gift for my Niece so I am unhappy and unsatisfied.", "Love Love Love the fit on these shoes and my husband was the one that recommended these when I couldn't find any @ the local store.", "My daughter got these for the new school year and loves them.  The strings are bright and pretty.  She thinks they are very comfortable.", "So many compliments on the style and fits perfectly! Love them! I have recommended ordering these to so many people!", "I was looking for a shoe my niece can play in and found these.. She loves them!", "I love my new NIke Free Run 3  running shoes.  They are cute and comfortable and exactly what I expected.", "they fit well, they get a little loose after a bit, but not totally expected. use thin socks so you don't stretch out the material of the shoe quickly.", "I began my search for a stylish shoe that would also improve my ability to walk safely and add a spring to my step! Little did I know just how important these shoes would be! Amazing thing began to happen as soon as I put these shoes on! I looked 10 lbs lighter and people noticed right away! I began to have a lot to talk about in the athletic circles and have made many new friends! I also was able to run faster than I have ever been able to since putting on these shoes! It has inspired me to reach for new goals like trying out for the Olympics! By far these are the best shoes I have owned! I am stronger, faster and more popular and I love it!! I would recommend these shoes to anyone who is looking to change your life!!!", "its a great fit..it feels like it may rip at the toe, though. I do like these shoes and are great for working out or running in.", "It's my second pair. They are great for running and have held up very well so far. They are better built than the picture would indicate and I would highly recommend them to anyone who use their shoes for running and other high stress situations. Plus, they look good.", "my tennis fit me perfect right to my fit i will not have it no other way that is why yoy should know your size so sorry if some-one else had a problem with it they dont know there size. thanks for your great service.", "these shoes make youre feet feel very small and hurts feet to run in. I would highly recommend relentless 1.", "I do a great deal of coaching for many young kids and these shoes work perfect for both looking great and doing athletic movements.  Very comfy", "I love Nike. I got this for my boyfriend, he loved this shoes, fit very nice, my boyfriend mentioned are very confortable, Shoes looks and feels as expected. Highly recommended.", "I loved these shoes. Leg perfect fit. Different color. And run and ride a bike and just walked on foot. Everything is super. I recommend to all.", "They are extremley comfortableThey are what I wanted in a shoeThe design is what I liked the most", "Such a nice shoes, i love it..!! specially when it's time to run or take a long walk...! However it could be better have it in another color... Good relation between price and quality.", "my friend is too happy with his shoes,  he recomende with the closed eye. thanks  he said the color and material are very comfortable.", "I bought Nike before, size 10, and they fit very well.  These are too tight and I have to have them stretched. Compared to my previous Nikes, they are visibly smaller.  Nike should standardize their sizes!!  I doubt that this is the 2-3 in a million outlier described by six sigma produciton goal.  Now I don't know how to order future shoes.  What size do I get?  Will size 11 be too big.  Will I face the hassel of haveing to send them back?  I shop online because I am busy!  I like the convience of Amazon; but I may have to return to Zappos.  I've gotten the wrong size from  them before (my fault), and they sent me the right size right away, even before I sent back the shoes; and they paid for the return.", "Cool looking shoe.  Very comfortable.  The red is a little overpowering.  It is the first thing I noticed out of the box.", "I took this for a run right when i got them and they were extremely comfortable.  My 5k time improved a whole minute with these.", "The shoes are light. The soles are spongey sort of like an air sole. Those are both positives. However the walls of the shoes are so flimsy that you have to tie them up pretty tight for any support. I notice that the arch of my foot starts to hurt. I've never had this problem with a pair of Nikes.These shoes were actually given to me by my father after he said the same thing.I wouldn't play any type of sport in these shoes. I would fear an ankle injury.", "This is by far the best sports shoe I have ever bought.  I have wider feet and they have adjusted nicely.I walk 4-5 miles per day in these shoes with no issue.", "Love these shoes! They are very comfortable and the color is SOOOOO bright! LOVE THEM :)would def. recommended to anyone that wants a good running shoe.", "A little smaller then I expected, but they still fit. Wished I would have found them in time to get the purple pair too..", "These sneakers are great in every way accept they run small. I brought them for jogging and found I could only use them for walking because of the tightness", "Love these shoes:). I work a 12 hr shift on my feet jetting between patients. These shoes are light supportive and great looking... I have purchased 2 more pairs in different colors to add to my collection:)", "They fit perfectly, I love them. I've tried so many different shoes but these are by far my favorite. Worth the money", "I got these shoes for my mother, because we were going to Disneyland, and she needed comfortable shoes.. They came in just in time, 2 days before we went to Disneyland. She loved them! They look exactly like the picture shows. It was a great buy, because she HATES walking, and at Disneyland.... We walked a lot. She didn't complain at all.. anyway, she really enjoys these shoes.. I'm glad I got them for her. :)", "My fiance suggested something like this for our honeymoon so I could have a supportive shoe yet not be hot when we walk. It accomplished that. They do not feel as heavy as the all leather shoes. The arch support is very good. You can almost feel the &#34;cool breeze&#34; on your foot when you are walking.", "BOUGHT 3 PAIRS OF THIS SAME SHOE. great overall shoe with style & support. i have a bad back & work out a lot so this was perfect all day shoe", "I am fascinated by these shoes that fit the feet at first but then I have trouble wearing them is like not feel", "Very much everything I expected  I would highly recommend  this shoe for anyone looking for performance and comfort at a reasonable price", "These shoes were for my mom and she loves the colors are veery nice and are comfortable for her! she love it!", "i've been searching far and wide for a sneaker that is light, pretty, and supports in all the right places. and, finally, i have found it. wish i could find it in my size in 10 more colors. love.", "until now i haven't use this bag, it's so huge!. the description was &#34;small duffel bag but its a full size travelling bag", "It's very convenient especially with travailing and taking cloths to the dry-clean also a keeps cloths needs.", "This is a very good and durable bad but most of all it's huge! i can put my whole closet in there and there would still be room i highly recommend! Thank you!", "Like my title says...Great bag for a great price. Very handsome!! I can't seem to find a bag big enough for me to handle all of my stuff but this one is a good size and deep side pocket is very helpful.", "Really good shoes, my kid is very happy jogging and walking with this whorthless stuff. So we also decided to buy 2 more for my other kids", "I bought the Nike Free 3 at Finish Line recently for $99 while on sale. My purchase ended a minor romance with Brooks shoes that lasted for a little over 5 years. Nothing wrong with Brooks's products, I guess this is a \"me not you\" thing. I find that ordering shoes online is an ordeal and prefer a brick and mortar shop for this type of purchase.My first impression of the Nike Free was how light they feel in the hand and on the foot. Wearing them feels more like having a sock on your feet as opposed to a shoe. The appearance of the product is well-executed and I find that the shoe looks slick and sophisticated in black.The salesperson described this shoe as a step forward on the spectrum toward a minimalist running shoe. While not much a runner, and certainly not of the barefoot variety, I believe that this product provides greater road feel than traditional shoes. The sole is heavily siped and grooved allowing greater flexibility across lateral and longitudinal axes. While moving around you can feel the bed of the shoe conforming to the ground.The interior of the shoe is comfortable and despite its low weight provides adequate support. The upper is a synthetic mesh-like material that wraps the foot closely. For some reason it reminds me of the stretchy book-covers my kids buy at Staples before school starts.I took a half size larger remembering that Nike runs small. This shoe was no exception and the salesperson informed me that this particular model was designed to fit snugly. The shoe apparently runs really short and even after wearing these for a while I still feel uncomfortable. I tried a full size up in the store, but the back of the shoe felt quite loose at that point.While I think that these shoes deliver on many of the intended features that Nike's engineers packed in to this product, I am still left with some disgruntled toes. Are these shoes supposed to feel \"snug\" or are they simply \"too small\"? For someone looking at a change of pace, serious running, or a light comfortable wearer the Nike Free will fit your needs. I would just suggest being aware of sizing issues.Update 8/22/12:Correction made above. I reviewed my receipt which indicated a purchase price of $99 and not $89. Sorry for the error.Finish Line allowed me to exchange my size 9 to a 9.5 which is a full size up from my foot measurement. The shoe feels much better and is marginally loose at the heel. The enhanced comfort makes this a more satisfying experience although I could have foregone the agita of sizing the shoe.", "I heard a lot about these sneakers and comfortable they were. Wow, that was no exaggeration, it is like walking on air. You can run, do squats, leg press, everything; really super nice. I will definitely buy another pair, for sure.", "ive always been sketch on buying shoes online just cuz i wouldnt know if they would fit but these fit and are really comfortable and light. personally i think these are the best running shoes ive ever had although usually ive just bought cheap $20 shoes. this was most definately worth the extra money and they showed up a day early! winning!!!", "This shoe is extremely comfortable. I have a pair of the previous iteration (Nike Free Run+ 2), and I didn't think they could make anything more comfortable. I was wrong.Unfortunately, that's where the love affair ends. This was a sleek, beautiful black pair of shoes when first purchased. Unfortunately, after only two months of normal wear (not even everyday), the shoe looks a year or two old.1) The black outer material quickly broke down into showing white and gray creases and threads. This is most obvious in the star patterned \"slits\" around the sides. This makes the show now appear to have gray or \"graying\". (see user photo)2) Most disappointing is that the toe cap appears to be \"painted\" black rather than molded black. The slightest scuff will show through to the actual white material. And after a month or two of normal wear, it just looks awful. (see user photos)3) I keep finding tiny bits of black plastic under my sock when I take off the shoes. I can't find exactly where it's coming from, but it keeps appearing.Overall, one of the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned. And yet, after only a few months of use, it looks too rough to wear in casual situations. At $100 a pair, I expect more.Comfort: 5 starsQuality: 2 starsOverall value: 2 stars---UPDATE Mar-2013:Based on the comments to my review, it sounds like I might have gotten a bad issue or they've since made changes/improvements since the first run, which I purchased. They're still very comfortable. I use them often for running or working around the house. However, I don't think I'd buy another pair where the front appeared painted on.", "Can't believe how sweet these shoes are... Super light weight and comfortable... I actually am buying another pair because my 'gym pair' turned into my 'everyday pair' lol...", "This is my favorite shoes of all time!!! Light and durable!!! Their comfort is amazing!!! I will always keep it as my best and recommended shoes", "Buy these if you want to make a fashion statement. If you want to run with these then forget it. These are the worst shoes ever for running, ever since i bought this have been having issues with my foot.", "Highly recommended skers... the weight and synergy is perfect....I got them for my wife and she described them as the best nike ever.", "These shoes are fantastic.  Very comfortable and has lots of cushion that I need when running.  No problem with knees or shins.  I'll buy these shoes again when I need to replace the once I just purchased.", "I had a knee replacement and needed some walking shoes with a lot of cushion.  The Vomero 6 was perfect.  It was like walking on a sponge.  I didn't like the way my foot moved around in the shoe.  I purchased the Vomero 7 and love the way my foot is secure in the shoe.  But the cushion is very poor.  I can feel the street with every step.  I have already walked 12 miles in it so I cannot return it.  I think I am going to have to give them to Goodwill and search for a shoe with more cushion. That is $125 down the drain.", "It has been a huge adjustment running in these over my Brooks. They are like running in a cloud, great fluffy support in the heels. Unusual overall fit to get used to as compared to other running shoes, but they are great distance running shoes. For shorter runs (just a couple of miles) they are a bit much for me, I like more flexibility, but longer runs they have proved to be pretty awesome.", "I have worn Vomeros for several years and think they are the most comfortable shoe to run in. Despite getting dissed in that book Born to Run (because they are too comfy), I am proud to wear them, and I love the chip that sychs with my Nike mileage watch and iPod.", "I bought these shoes to replace an old pair of Nike running shoes that were falling apart.  I had tried replacing them with a different brand about a year ago, but those always left my feet sore after wearing them  I love these shoes.  They fit great and are very light and comfortable.", "They are perfect shoes, they were sent on the model size indicated and as requested, I agree to the product, I recommend", "very comfortable for walking and running . the color is also fantastic. i bought it for my sister. Well, I've been a fan of Nike items since childhood.", "Seller was efficient - delivery was prompt. Item was true to its description, and most importantly, price is reasonable. Shoes are comfortable and in line with the typical NIKE sizing.", "Good", "The bag is the perfect size! Not too long or wide making it easy to carry but still having plenty of room to carry everything I need to get ready at the gym post workout. A little pricy, but it seems well made so should last a long time. There is only one small zipper pocket inside the bag, a zippered shoe area on the side and a mesh pocket on the other side. So, not much storage for items. It will keep me from putting stuff in the pockets and forgetting about it I guess! I just put two separate makeup bags, with my items in them, inside the main compartment with my clothes, problem solved. The colors are great and the material is easy to keep clean. Very happy with purchase!", "This bag is super cute and functional. Lots of space inside, several pockets, and gotta love all the pink! It's an all-around great gym bag.", "I got this for my ten year old. He loves them, he says they are so light he doesn't feel he's wearing shoes at all", "The main problem was that they were too narrow.  Not at all the same width as a womans shoe of the same length. So beware if you are a women with anything but a slender foot.  The show will most likely not be wide enough.", "While we love these shoes for feel and ease, they are ruined after a little over a month.  The material, while \"breatheable,\" lends to a terrible odor when they get wet.  They do not dry well if they get wet.  We were stuck out in the rain and both kids' shoes got wet.  I gently cleaned them, then put them out in the sun to dry for a long time.  There has been a bad mildew odor ever since that I just cannot get out.  When the kids wear them, their feet smell for days!  So gross.  $140 down the drain (2pairs) and now they are in the garbage.  I'd steer clear.", "I also bought these for my 9 year old boy and within 5 months they where torn through and trashed! Not made to hold up. Kind of disappointed with NIKE brand. We paid a lot and did not get quality shoes.", "it didn't last long at all to snug to bright light good running shoe like the swish expensive ugly sexy", "I bought these for my 8 year old son last year, and he absolutely loves these.They are amazingly light, and he also loves how comfortable they are.He wears a uniform to school 3 days a week and the other 4 days he wears these shoes non-stop.They have shown quite a bit of wear on the upper portion of the shoe, so I am looking to replace them, but that is after 10 months of wear.  His feet are actually outgrowing the shoes before they wear out, so now I am looking for a 2nd pair.I bought his shoes at a Nike factory outlet for around $40, so I was disappointed with the Amazon price.", "I would normally use size 9 but I bought a 8.5 as it came in wide. The fit was perfect", "Totally love this shoes when I received. Nice color and fit size as well. I will purchase again if need it.", "i love the color and comfort. the size was what i expected when i ordered. i'm so glad i got it.", "I positively LOVE LOVE THESE SNEAKERS!!!!!  SO COMFORTABLE AND LIGHT!! COLOR IS GORGEOUS TOO!! PERFECT FOR WORKING OUT OR WALKING....DISNEY WORLD HERE I COME!!!!", "These shoes were way to small for me.. also the tounguewas not even padded and cut a hole in my ankle..Nike is the only shoe I wear. These went right back the same day.", "The item arrived on time and fits true to size.The truth,  I love their color, however you sweat a lot in them.Apart, for $105 pair of older model, I think its too much, but the worst is that after 2 month working out in a gym wearing them, the sole start breaking apart from the shoe, though they look like new!Thinking of contacting Nike, since its seem to be a manufactue damage!!!", "These are great shoes for training in the gym. Feels very natural. More than a lot of athletic shoes, but you get what you pay for.", "Seems like there should have been a &#34;m&#34; and &#34;w&#34; option. My foot visablity pooches out of the shoe :)", "shoes are expected, very comfortable and excellent quality, I recommend 100% is needed for sports, they are very easy to wash", "Still wear this shoe. Very comfortable and stylish. Needs a Lil cleaning now and then from the dust and dirt. But, great shoe overall.", "I must say this product shipped out faster than I expected, just in time for school to start! Also, the shoe appears EXACTLY as the picture portrays, no unexpected surprises. My son wears a size 14, so finding his size is a obstacle all in itself. Needless to say he is thrilled with them. Thanks a bunch!!", "Good shoes. Far above my expectations. Waooooooo might get another color as these are just too good to have one color", "Really liked these shoes when I first saw this online. Was really excited when I recieved it. Shoes are really comfortable and definetly can't wait to get more from this seller.", "Just a Nike shoes, I mean, PERFECT! Design and confection very very well. Very confortable and the perfect combination of colors", "EXCELENTE", "This is by far one of the greatest shows... I would never play in them...and did a mention they look awesome ok that is all", "My son enjoys this shoe for basketball and it is very light weight, comfortable and stylish. It is a bit of a bear to get on though. He has to really pull the laces out far to wiggle his foot in and while it has gotten easier over the past few weeks as he has broken them in it is one of the more challenging shoes he has to get on easily.", "I always by Nike a 1/2 some larger for my Husband since he has EEE width but they look gorgeous on him. The quality is fabulous and the price unbeatable.", "It gave me a cut on my left foot. just below the ankle. it keeps hurting me on the same spot", "so, i bought these shoes as a gift.  I gave them to my boyfriend in March 2013--now, 3-4 months later they are literally FALLING APART!  the rubber bottoms are detaching from the sides of the shoes and all along the toe.  :(", "My bf ordered these off my account and they came true to size and just as expected. Hes basically completely worn them out from how often he wears them!", "These shoes were bought as a birthday gift. It is a busy gift month for me. When I received them, I quickly opened the box, saw the correct size,color, and packaged & put them away.Upon presentation, the guy lifted them out of the box, made a strange face, and asked\"are these supposed to be new?\"I told him yes, and asked to see them.In inspecting them closer, I saw what he had: 2  scuffed shoes, at varying places, slightly worn soles, and a disgusting old cheese -like odor. I was deeply embarrassed.I grabbed an envelop, and put cash in it, and gave him that instead while apologizing for the condition of the shoes. A guest offered to take them, to try, and have them cleaned, and put them in a donation box. I gave the go ahead for that, since someone at home had thrown away my invoice.What I don't understand is why I got this shabby smelly pair, when I paid for a new item!It's a shame because I had previously bought a pair in black, of this type of shoe and they fit great, were comfortable, and arrived in new as promised condition.In consideration of this, I want to make clear that this review is for the used pair in poor condition that I received only.", "its really tight around the toes and I only worn it twice and it hurts my toes. Very cool looking sneaker but painful to walk in, so it just sit in the shoe box now in great condition. I have to look into a better sneaker now.", "had to return because too small and tight and now  need to have my reward points returned to my account.", "My son loved the shoe. They are very light weight and he loves the bright color as well. He wants more in many colors now.", "great training shoe, fits a little tight though but seems to loosen up within a 1/2 hour or so, really flexible and seems to help with balance, i would definetly consider buying another pair", "These shoes not only are comfortable and supportive they are stylish to the point that they get notice...I have never owned a pair of shoes that got so much positive attention!", "Buen vendedor, producto en buen estado y despachado en el tiempo indicado, responsable, atento, los zapatos se encuentran bien, totalmente nuevoss", "Great shoes fit great. Shoxs are great shoes anyway. Nikes are the best shoes out there anyway highly recommend. Vary comfortable and great looking too", "This is a very comfortable Shoe.  Lightweight and sturdy.  also very stylish.  Before i ordered my friend told me this shoe was a tight fit so i ordered a 1/2 size too big and it fits great.  if you like a tight running shoe then order normal size for you.If you like the style then 1/2 size bigger will suit you fine.", "Love them! Big shoe collector! Everything I expected and more. Remind me of the Jordan 4 retros and I'm a huge Jordan fan", "Did not fit and I ordered my normal shoe size.  Not even close.  The tongue is attached to the bottom of the shoe?  Seemed strange.  Too small and too tight.  No problems with return though.  Seemed like a nice shoe if it fit.", "These shoes are worth their price. I seen these nike air flights at a local store but alas, they did not come in my size. Luckily amazon had clients who provided them. Before buying you should know that they tend to crease easily and are very snug. I am usually a size 10.5 (Men US) but again, since they are snug, I bought a size 11 which fits great! If you do buy them and they turn out a little long (while the width is perfect) buy shoe insoles (This may help with minimizing the crease problem). I would definitely recommend these shoes to any lad wishing for shoes that are fresh as fuuuu!", "i bought these shoes(not from amazon) around december and a few days after i got the signs of wear began to show. nothing major just some loose threads and some of the red paint was coming off but that is really all that happened. the shoes are very comfortable and i love them i do recommend these shoes especially for the price.", "I've been searching for this type of shoes in the US since moving here in 2003.  These styles became popular in Asia around 2001 to 2002 (so as faded skinny jeans) so I was surprised to find out that these shoes are nowhere to be found here around that time.  Fast forward 10 years,  I finally found a pair at Marshalls but they only had size 12.I immediately went to Amazon and I found the pair with the perfect color.  My only suggestion to anyone who is interested in buying these pair is to order half a size bigger than your feet.  My left foot is slight bigger than my righ foot but it doesn't bother me that much.", "Very nice shoes. i wore this on a Hawaiin themed party and i got so many compliments. I couldnt fine my size neither, good thing i checked amazon!", "These are great.  I bought them in a size 12 men's, which is usually true to form for me in Nike sneakers...and  as expected, these proved to be just as fitting, suitable in every way like a true minimalist sneaker should.  They remind me of the 1st Nike Free sneakers I had a few years ago, which I wore out and could not replace because Nike changed the design.  The sneaker soles are a key feature to me in both color and thickness.  Because of where I am, there are allot of rocks and dirt, which can wear on your feet over time.  These are a great aid in that factor.  They are very lightweight and look great.  I thought they were a bit darker in color based on the picture here but I still like the look overall.  All pros and no cons as far as I'm concerned.  I love them!", "As good as advertised. Fits to size and flexible with mesh top. Sole extremely lightweight and cushions/supports. Extremely comfortable for walks and runs. Do note that toes will stick out of form given soft top. Great for barefoot runs as inner lining is tacky but with mesh top plenty of ventilation to prevent killing everyone when you get back home!Delivery of item was fast and efficient.", "These shoes skyrocketed in price,  If you have a chance to purchase these or any other color for 70 or less, do it.- The mesh isn't solid, it's almost like a sandal because if you take off the shoe the mesh just collapses.- They are extremely comfortable, and if you walk around with them enough you can feel air enter the mesh and it just makes them feel almost non existent at times.- They fit a little less wide than I would prefer, but they are still the most comfortable shoes I own.- I would not run in these, after heavy use for a few days I just feel like they wouldnt last that long if you run in them- They also look really good, I wore these to go register at school and the questions/compliments were almost non-stop.I strongly recommend not using these every day, unless you don't walk a lot in a typical day. I already purchased some 40$ Converse just to give these a break.  Oh, and don't wear these in the rain, I haven't but i know my feet would get completely soaked.", "My son loves the Nike air flight falcon shoe.  This is a product that is hard to find and again Amazon comes through with many sizes to pick from and good prices.", "Going online and buying shoes you dont expect it to be exact...in this case, it was exactly what was on the picture!  Color, shape, size, everything was perfect.  I will definitely buy from them again.", "These shoes are not as good as i expected they said a lot about how good they were but they were lying for people to buy it. It is a little too small and it does not have much use. It is very good for about the first month for basketball but not anything else. After that about first month the traction which was exceptional started to wear off really fast and they were useless. I play a lot of different sports and i tried to do parkour with these shoes and i slipped a lot doing wall runs and landing from high jumps, and it was hard to land good after many vaults. I would not recommend these shoes unless all you do in your life is basketball.", "I returned this item.  Didn't fit and even if it did the quality seems low.  Very little support so wouldn't recommend as a real shoe", "I first saw these shoes at Footlocker and fell in love with the shoe but not the bright color so I decided to buy them online (Amazon) in the gray/purple color.  I love this color combo and the shoe is so light.  I also saw them on Nordstrom's website for $95 plus tax which ended up being $102.  I bought them for a total of $78 which included free shipping.  I got them two days later!  Thanks Amazon/ShooPOP!  Great service!!!  Also, this shoe runs half size smaller.  I wear size 8.5 and bought size 9 ... Perfect fit!", "Not only did the shoes arrive in perfect condition, they arrived in two days! These shoes are like wearing slippers...made of down alternative...on a bed of tempurpedic foam! Nike Free is the best shoe for those of us with narrow feet. This show is impressively snug as well, so if you're on the fence regarding the fact that this shoe has no shoestrings, waiver no more! The elasticity of the shoe definitely hugs your foot - not too tight, not too loose. It's the Goldilocks shoe for barefoot runners! There's just enough cushion between your feet and the pavement you pound them on. If you are into Plyometrics, these are also great for those high jumps with soft landings as the Free is just so form-fitting. The creme-de-la-creme is that these shoes are lighter than air, so you won't be weighed down when you're walking, running, jumping, or just plain kicking your feet in the air! I will repeat that these shoes are best for people with narrower feet and they're also best for individuals who have already been running in \"barefoot\" style shoes as well as those individuals who do not have knee or back issues, which is true for anyone who wants to wear minimally cushioned shoes. As for this girl, LOVE THESE SHOES!! :0) As a side note, if you don't like highlight colors or anything bright, you'll want a different color. For me personally, these work GREAT as a \"safety\" color when I'm riding my motorcycle!", "Look so nice and feel so good , I use normaly 7but many other buyers says run to small so I buy 7.5and fit me perfect , great color and fast deliveryI will come back for one more of this shoes in anothercolor , I love it .", "The green is somewhat subdued therefore this shoe has a solid boy look.  Leather trim and a good running shoe for my 11 year grandson", "Got these for my Grandson for his 11th birthday.  He loves these shoes so much,  Great shoe for a great price.", "the cleats are extremely amazing they have good leather and super good feel on your feet........defiantly recommend buying. The design is also very nice. I got the nicest pair of cleats on the field!", "I LOVE these shoes. I looked them up on amazon specifically because my prior pair of the same shoe were ready to retire. My first pair lasted me 3 years, wearing at least 4 times a week (and one month long trip walking everyday through Europe!). My second pair has been going strong for a year, and look like they have at least another in them. I also wear these as a waitress for 8+ hour shifts on my feet, and they are the comfiest while having enough grip and support to keep me from falling on the slippery floor in the kitchen. They aren't too bulky, so people don't look at you and think \"Running shoes!!\" I wear them with Jeans, sweatpants, and yogas and they look normal with all of them. I wouldn't recommend them for actual workout running or long term sports wear--but they've served me well in the casual volleyball, basketball, and football games with friends. I also wear an arch support insert with them that supports the heal as well. Supports fit well in the shoe, there's lots of room. They have great support, but the $10 support really makes the shoe an easy wear. I also have EXTREMELY NARROW feet, and these shoes hug them perfectly. If you have fat feet, you will not fit in this shoe well.Note--they are made mostly of mesh. So they are light and easy to wear, but if you live in Seattle like I do, you will need to put something else on for those very rainy days or your feet will get wet. Moderately rainy days they are fine, its just the big puddles that are a problem. Plus side of that is they dry fast and retain heat well, even if you do get wet.", "Loved these comfy hot pink Nike sandals and I took them to Kauai for our vacation. Can \"dress them up or down\". I will buy another pair.", "These shoes are really great! My husband loves Nike and loves these shoes. They are true to fit and the color is great!", "These are great. They are holding up a lot better than the cleats he had last year, and they are perfect for him since he has narrow feet. They do run pretty narrow, so if you have wide feet, these probably aren't the best choice for you. They are comfortable, and do provide some ankle support even though they are low shoes. He loves them!", "These are some of the best cleats I've ever used. I play ultimate frisbee and football both with these and they are amazing.The Good:I can't say enough good things about the grip I get with these cleats. I really can make great cuts in any direction and thats really important to me with the positions I play. They are super light and I feel actually help increase my speed. At the same time they are pretty comfortable and really sturdy.The Bad:They are a bit narrow and maybe slightly small. I had to take the first pair back and get a half size bigger.Over-all they are a good sturdy cleat. Super happy with the purchase :)", "Good fitting comfortable cleat. No issues with replacement cleats. Found them and they screwed right in. They hold up well after many games and practices.", "Great shoe, my son  loved it. He said its really comfortable and he plays a lot of football. Shipment was fast and the size is true to the post thanks. I will always buy shoes on here.", "Narrow fit.. not too impressed with the item.. looks like it was not well made... not sure if this was a knock off... I end up returned", "I love these shoes! They look great and fit just right. I would highly recommend these shoes the color is a dark grey and cloth material. Wonderful shoes", "This is a great fit spike. Everyday use it is comfortable.  Feet do not hurt. I would purchase this brand again.", "I'm a very active person, I do a lot of different sports such as soccer, pingpong, volleyball and hiking. This is my 5th pair of gatos I've bought, I just can't seem to find anything as comfortable, with the build quality and price that compares to this. They are light, yet firm. Would buy again 4/5", "I love these sneakers.  It's my third pair of the exact same style different color scheme though.  The kid's size is a little more wider than the women's shoe of the same kind.  Makes leaning forward more comfortable on the sides of your feet when bent.  Good for playing indoor volleyball.  More traction so there is less sliding when reaching, diving and roling to get a volleyball in play.  Love these snealkers !!", "q w e r t y u i o p a s d f g h j k l z x c v b n m", "i love that shoes, was one of the betters purchases ill being buyed on amazon :D100% recomendation.Diego from Venezuela", "very nice", "These boots are everything my son wanted: lightweight, comfortable, sharp-looking.  He's delighted with them.  They seem well made and the sizing is accurate.", "These shoes have many great features that make them perfect for indoor soccer. Some of the good features include well padded, very hard souls and grip the ball well. With that said, they are not much good for anything else. The sizes run small, so the ones I got are very tight. It's normal to want them tight, so they don't fly off, but these are very tight to the point they hurt just after putting them on. In comparison to mans docker dress shoe, I would say these are 2 full sizes smaller - they are also narrow or normal width. Other then being way too tight, they are a great shoe that I've grown to love.", "They fit great! Our son loves them.  They are very comfortable.  Easy to clean and very durable.  Just wonder why no front cleat on these shoes.  They are for FOOTBALL, not SOCCER.", "These shoes are amazing, they are perfect fit on your feet, the color is just unbelievable, and they are incredibly comfortable these shoes are worth it!?", "Very fast shipping and excellent product. Just the color we wanted. They wash well. This is my sons second pair of Nike Free Runs and they are great!", "Best airmax ever. Looks and feels great..! All black , hard to find.  Very rear get them while u can", "This shoes seems cheap, the material is like plastic or something. In my opinion this shoes will broken one this days, when I am doing my training!.", "I am already in love with my new Nike's training shoes! They are beautiful and super comfortable. Delivery was fast. I definitely recommend this product and buyer.", "The sizes on the products seemed a bit small and my size has not changed ,either shirt or shoes very well", "I ordered these sneakers expecting them to last YEARS being that my daughter wears sneakers an average of once a month. well, i've had them a few months and she wore them for the SECOND time yesterday and noticed that the bottom is coming apart from the sneaker. absolutely ridiculous. it is too late for me to return them now but i will absolutely never ever order sneakers from here EVER again and i suggest the same to everyone else. ruined in 3 wears????? unheard of", "My husband loves these Nike socks and these are no different. Nike makes a great Men's sock. I always keep plenty of extras in his sock drawer, both crew socks and low cut socks. It always has to be Nike! He says they feel the best, fit him the best, and are pretty much a decent price. It makes it  easy for me when I do laundry, all his socks pair up easily!", "These are nice cleats. They look good and they fit my 6 yr old well. Looks like a great selection for football cleats.", "a great shoe to wear if you want rep jordans and not get your high class ones dirty.  I think they look good and aren't too expensive", "My husband likes all the brand: ADIDAS, AIR JORDAN, NIKE, PUMA. He likes the design, the product and the quality", "I bought these for my 14 year old grandson for his birthday.  He thinks they're cool, and they're the only socks he wears for basketball.", "I am a 10.5, slightly wide right foot and these are a bit long, although width-wise they are alright. However, the calf portion of the sock it a little tight. Probably won't buy any more of these.", "very nice.. my son wants more..  a little spendy but, worth it.. i would recommend to anyone that plays basketball", "They don't hold up to teenage boys very well but what does! Otherwise it was what was expected it would be", "The socks were somewhat unraveled, strings hanging everywhere, they also shrunk after the 1st wash. Will not purchase these ever again", "First two weeks, the shoes felt tight but after playing ball with it a couple times, it loosened up. Good looking shoes and great comfort for playing ball.", "The shoes were AWESOME, played with them in the gym and was intense playing my skilled baller shots and thank u", "This is the first cross trainer I have truly felt comfort from from the first step that has lasted longer in wear than any other previously purchased.  Am looking for another pair, so good.", "these shoes look absolutely awesome, too bad they don't feel as good as they look.  Seem to be a bit narrow, VERY stiff, and since they're somewhat waterproof they're hot no matter what socks you put on.  When I wear them walking, the soles of my feet start burning, so I've only been wearing them to the gym for weight lifting, but they're even too hot for that!UPDATE:I really appreciated having these in the winter.  After all of the cold fronts that blew in with rain, or when dew would be stuck to the grass, I could still walk through a field and my feet would stay warm and dry.  Not to mention that the more that I wore them, the more cushy they became.", "This is the best exercise jersey I have found over time. Comfortable and keeps your arms protected from the sun.", "This is a great fitting shirt that is comfortable and lightweight enough to wear when its hot, and the long sleeves make it good for the cold too.", "I acutally really like these boots. They are very comfortable and felt broken in as soon as I put them on. After they were broken in, they felt even better. However, after about 2 months of full field play, the studs near the ball of your foot have ripped. This looks like it's due to the angle they are at. I was expecting more due to the price. I've been buying more expensive cleats lately with hopes that it increases durability, but these have not done the job.", "I purchased these because they had far more flexible soles than 95% of toddler shoes on the market. Still don't understand what is wrong with shoe manufacturers and their rigid, inflexible soles. That's the worst thing you could put on your kids' feet! I also liked the fact that they're not all pink, sparkly or have gawdy, flashing lights or characters splashed all over. The coloring is so they won't look dirty after one romp in the playground. Perfect! Easy to get on and they stay on. Quick velcro release.", "I am constantly walking on hard hospital floors (72 hours a week) and keep a bad case of plantar fascitis.  These shoes have been magic.  The sole is enough like a workboot to withstand the concrete foundation flooring and the shoe is lightweight and comfortable with a 'boxy' toe so my feet aren't crammed in.  I went back and bought another pair immediately for backup whenever these wear out.", "Just got these shoes for my grandson. He is 17 years old and he really likes them. They aren't as light as they look in the picture and he said he wished they had better shoes laces but that's something you can always buy. He likes them and they look good.", "shoes were just as expected...the description and everything was just what I got delivered....highly recommended....very affordable for Jordan shoes...nice...very nice", "I wore this for my flag football season and they were a great buy I couldn't have found a better deal", "I ordered football cleats (size 16 mens) so that he could play football for his high school but when the cleats arrived I was shocked to see that they were in fact, BASEBALL cleats. They were of no use to us but would have cost us more to send them back than the shoes were worth :(", "They are great", "Great pair of shoes, these are the second pair of nikes that I have ordered from amazon and I have to say I am yet to be disappointed. The item arrived as described and is a comfy fit. Shipping was extremely fast and I'm happy with the customer service as well.", "Very nice", "First, I think it's important to note just which shirt you're getting here.  Had I been expecting a different fit (e.g., from a previous year) I would have a very different review.  That being said, this was a totally new item to me.I wear this type of shirt as an undershirt for all occasions, and wear it by itself for working out, etc.  Once you adjust to wearing shirts that wick moisture and are designed to allow freedom of movement, etc. it's hard to go back to basic cotton - for me anyway.  This shirt wicks moisture well and doesn't feel heavy under a work shirt.  There are no intrusive tags or seams, it is cut long enough to tuck in nicely, and the \"Pro Combat\" emblazoned on the collar hides under nearly every shirt I wear (if it didn't, I'd probably be opting for a different shirt!).  Under a hiking shirt or by itself for working out it really shines.  I definitely stay cooler and dryer.  At this point, I just cannot wear cotton for a long hike or working out.I now have it in white, heather gray, and \"dark steel\".  The last is kind of a blue/black.  Nike's offering stands out for a few reasons above other semi-fitted, technical shirts that I own:- Nike's shirt holds its shape very well compared to similar products from Champion (I have Reebok shirts that also hold their shape very well).  The last thing you want is a fitted shirt to sag and bunch up.- Nike's shirt holds its color better than any of the other brands I own.  This might have as much to do with washing as anything, but the white shirt is just as white now (after 6 months of wear) as it was when purchased.  Other brands slowly become less bright or downright grey/beige.- Nike's shirt has better details in the overall construction: vented back and underarms really help with heat management, seam locations are perfect with a backpack on (no chaffing on the shoulders), robust cuffs/collar are durable without being bulky.Depending on your use, the venting might make this a less durable shirt than others - I can imagine it getting snagged more easily than the solid material.There are likely other shirts in the price range with comparable features, but I'll stick with this Nike offering until they change the details (at which point, it seems, I may have to go back to searching).", "I love these sunglasses. Lost mine a while back and never thought I'd find them again as the Nike store (where I originally purchased them) no longer carries them. They are very sturdy and fit snug on my head, which I like. Also stay in place well and look great. Excellent value, too, as you don't have to spend $100+ on a quality set of glasses. Am going to score a second pair as a backup for when I lose my current pair.", "So love these sneakers more in person. They were a gift for my husband and he loves them. Best Christmas gift.I bought him another pair for Fathers Day too!", "comfortable", "These glasses are very good quality. I would recommend this unit to another.these glasses cover your eyes completely EXCELLENT", "I like difeternt kind of sunglasses cassual and sports, I like nike and adidas and different colors depending wich clothes I am wearing", "To me they are ugly, But I'm just a mom! My sons face lit up when he saw the shoes and that's priceless!The small imperfection on the Nike check is barely visible and he didn't even notice it.Great transaction i will look out for other items in this store. Thank you!", "Once again this was ordered for my son, a lot of white but then it's not for me to wear. My son is pleased which is most important. he ordered 9.5 which is a half size up to his regular size.", "I own a ton of nikes a d wanted this pair simply for a fashion statement and lightweight quality.  First time ever they don't fit right.  Thought I just needed the good ole break in period bit still not right so wasted my money on these", "My son bought these shoes for a friend and she is really happy with them.They were as described; the colour was good and they were new and flexible.He will consider purchasing again.", "Good shoes, fit normal, just as pictured. If you like the way they look, then go ahead and buy them, you won't be disappointed.", "did not have my size", "It's getting difficult to find my size for this outdated model, but it is the most comfortable running shoe I've ever worn within the $50-100 range.", "Toki ams the rhythm guitarist for ultra brutal metals band Dethklok.  Toki need de shoes to be comfortables while he ams jumpings around the stage playings the hits like \"Murmaiders\"  and \"Briefcase Fulls of Guts\"", "The sunglasses arrived in good shape and included a hard case. The sunglasses are very lightweight and comfortable, and the wrap-around lens offer good protection. So far the glasses have fared well in regard to not fogging up compared to some other sunglasses. The sunglasses are fairly fragile given their light weight so use of the included hard case is essential.", "Lightweight and solid. Frame is a little bulcky in the middle. Lens larger than most, positive for me.", "been wearing it for a few tennis games.  never had any problems so far. it is light weight, i barely feel it is on me. and it doesn't fog. i played for almost 2 hours and these lenses stay clear the whole time.  i live in Hawaii, so you can imagine how sunny it can get. but these glasses did a fantastic job.", "I stumbled onto these sunglasses after reading a review in runners world magazine.  I took a chance and ordered them after getting frustrated with other sunglasses I've spent a lot of money on but didn't meet my expectations.  I was a little skeptical when I first opened the box because they were so lite they didn't feel to be of quality construction.  However, they fit great and on my first run with them I quickly forgot I had them on.  Not only did they not fog up (a huge irritation with other glasses I've tried), but they didn't bounce and stayed put and my face.  The Tailwind 12 sunglasses are great and I would highly recommend these glasses.", "I have long been one of those people who refuses to spend more that $20 at a big box store for sunglasses; my assumption was that they're all the same so why spend extra $$ on something I'll drop or lose anyway. I got curious about \"better\" sunglasses as I've upped my miles running and biking but didn't want to drop $200 on a pair of Oakleys, so I thought I'd give these a try based on a positive review on a running site. They are very light and tight enough on my head that I haven't had to push them back up mid-run. I have a pretty big head, so fogging is usually an issue but I haven't had that problem with these either. I'm pretty happy about this first foray into good glasses and will get another pair of Nikes when I (inevitably) lose these!", "Love the nude and gold colors. Super comfy. My current favorite shoe. I work on my feet all day, and these shoes are just what I needed.", "We purchased these shoes for over $100. It took a while to recieve the shoes and when i did the stitching on the top of the front right shoe was crooked which made the right shoe look at little funny. there were no problem with the left shoes stitching but when you stand with both feet together you can notice it and it is not worth the $120 i spent on the shoe. very unhappy!", "Great for casual wear, as well as playing ball.  These shorts are very versatile and comfortable. They come in a variety of great colors.", "I bought 4 pairs different sizes for my 2 sons for Father's Day ! They loved them they are very nice shorts!", "color and fit are great.  My son wears these for football and the color matches perfect to the teams colors (royal blue).", "look and feel like they are supposed to they are made out of leather white hard to keep clean but love em", "For the same price go to the store and buy the real thing. Not happy at all, but lesson learned.", "This was a gift for my daughter. She received sneakers in a plain brown box w no Nike logo. The logo in the sneaker was worn out. Soles were scrubbed clean, however, the dirt in the tracks of bottom of sneakers were still visible. You would have had a review had the sneakers not been worn and all for the price of $95.", "This was one of the best offers i ever took at an online shopping... really great experience!!! i run 5 kms twice in a week thanks to this babies!", "\"Best sunglasses I ever had! Great tint, lightweight, great fit!\"Bough these for my husband and he obviously loves them!", "These glasses are lightweight and great when driving.  You can where them all day and without the bridge of our nose hurting.", "The Nike retro sunglasses are very comfortable and have a nice look. Women loved it!!!!! These pair were the best I had!", "Wow these are REALLY AWESOME! Perfect feel, light weight, perfect shape & look! I thought these might feel like cheap plastic but nope!", "A great pair of old school Nike tennis. Great to walk in and stylist pair of tennis that everyone says looks good.", "I love these they were like the missing piece to my collection. True to size which is good for because I have tiny feet.the shoes are also really narrow.", "I ordered it Thursday night and received it Saturday morning. It's a lot prettier than I expected it to be, and I'm still getting used to it. I &lt;3 it and wonderful fast shipping. Thank you! :)", "I chose 5 stars because it has never let me down in terms of the way it feels, the way it looks or the protection it has on my ankles. When you lace it fully up, there's a bit tension but when you stretch out in it, it protects your ankles a bit better than normal lacing and feel betters when running at basketball practice whether it be the circuit or on the court itself.I truly deserved the 5 stars because I've worn this through a whole season and I can say, every aspect of it is great. It's even easy to get mud stains out of it and has shown no signs of wear/tear. You would have to be running on rocks or over fire for these things to start to get beat up, in my opinion.", "I used to wear Nike Jordans shoes size 10 and fits OK, i decided to change to this model of shoes and it is not fit as well as I need, I assume people has to add 1/2 size to its conventional size", "These shoes fit perfectly and are so comfortable the first time I put them on. And that's very rare for me as far as basketball shoes goes. Mostly of them are uncomfortable and take a long time to break in. The design and colors are amazing, they look even better than the pictures!!!  I wore them last night and the ladies love it and couldn't stop looking at them. The material is really high quality stuff, extremely easy to clean. I had some dust and spilled liquid on it, and wiped it right off with a napkin. The shoes hold my feet and adjust to my movements very well. I wore it to go dancing and popped out some moves I didn't even know I had lol Can't wait to wear it on the court today and play some hoopsl!!!", "My son was very surprised as well as my self...i was extremely happy the sneakers were in perfect condition. I know for the future I'll get items from you soon", "This is a real good shoe. They are an amazing deal. It is high quality and looks great. Good nike's.", "A must buy, but if you have wide feet, order half a size higher than you normally do. So much breathability. Comfortable when you run up and down the court, soft landing, and good grip.", "I bought these shoes. After like a month of playing hard basketball, i took a break and when i went back to the shoe, it started discoloring.The laces were ripping, and the stability felt cruddy.Avoid these hyperdunks. New ones came out. Recommend those,.", "great shoe", "I'm really particular when it comes to bball shoes, and I was pleasantly surprised how well they felt after wearing them for the first time.All in all, these are great shoes!Thanks for the quick shipping. Much appreciated.", "first time ever we didn't get the shoe we ordered.wanted the gray, last one and we ended up with the black color again.hope to get a gray set one day", "Amazing shoes perfect fit but expensive. I would buy another pair but it's hard to afford them. So i would recommend this shoe for anyone that has the money to afford nice shoes.", "I was disappointed in the shoes.  Bought two pair and wish I had selected something else.  The service was excellent, but the shoe...not so much.", "Nike the best brant for sport. This shoes are comfortable in the court. No bad!!For Tennis this is the one", "The shoes have a gel filled insole and are designed to be slipped on. I love them, but if you have wide feet or find it difficult to bend over and wrestle your feet into shoes, they aren't for you. The uppers are thick fabric with stretch and are very snug, would probably be uncomfortable for a wide foot.I appreciated the quick delivery.", "I love these NIKE sneakers....no need to wear socks with these....the cushioned foot bed feels wonderful...I love them so much I bought an extra pair (they are hard to find....thank God for Amazon!)", "I hate wearing tennis shoes because they are often heavy and make my feet look huge ... these  Nikes are super comfortable -- I've even worn them with dress slacks!", "These are the most comfortable runners. I am a nurse and work 12 hour shifts. My feet used to hurt by 3 pm. But ever since I have started wearing these I don't have the pain at end of shift.  I have 2 pairs, one for work one for working out! LOVE THEM!!", "I bought this shoes, so I can have a comfortable run, but they were burning my feet in the gym, cannot imagine what would happen outside on the hot weather. My feet hurt after I run wearing them. Returning immediately, will never wear them again.", "I am a massage therapist and on my feet more than 8 hrs a day, 5 days a week. I have also had foot surgery. This shoe is the most wonderful design with the memory foam I don't even think about my feet all day long. I have two pair and am now looking for a third pair. They are light weight, easy to care for and I find myself wearing them on my day off too. Thank you for this brilliant design.", "I had a problem with my right ankle swelling up after I worked out at the gym and I needed some new shoes. These were lightweight enough that they don't put undue pressure on my ankles but have enough support that I'm not worried about injuring myself. I wear these every time I go to the gym now and my ankles haven't swollen once!", "The shoes are a perfect fit and I love wearing them; the color is zippy and the shoe very comfortable..", "100% satisfied", "I have a medium to wide foot. Shoe is very narrow. Unlacing doesn't help because of snug fit. Couldn't even think of wearing socks.", "My son goes through shoes and this pair is holding up well.  He is happy with the fit and says they are very comfortable.", "super", "I walk to stay in shape and these are perfect.  We have uneven sidewalks so extra padding is needed or your feet/legs are sore in spots.  Problem solved!", "This nike sneaker is very comfy, you will forget you are wearing anything! it is worth the price for me.", "Love these shoes but run about a half size to a full size too small.  Great color, feels like house shoes they are so comfy.", "Comfortable and cute, as expected. If you're on your feet for a while I would suggest Dr. Scholls inserts because it's rare to find shoes that are are very cushiony.", "No problem with this shoe. The product look as shown in the picture. Quality is nice just like Nike. I received on time and I started to wear them right away.", "i have received so many complements on my shoes. They arrived qucik, the fit is a little big. I generally wear an 11 in women but I order a 10.5 and they fit perfect. I really love the fuschia, its so pretty. I would recommend these shoes.", "Love Nike sneakers!As always they fit great, and this color is awesome!Fun shoe to wear with jeans or shorts.", "I love this slipper. It's the second one that I've purchased. The last one lasted me 2 years. And it is so comfortable.", "Have terrible problems with plantar fascia pain, fallen arches and heel bone spurs...the legacy of a lifetime athlete and coach.  These Nike Celso Shoes are one of two things that have saved my feet and legs for the last 5 years!!  Whenever not in heels or dress shoes, I have these on and I don't suffer AT ALL.  The Spenco Insert is the second thing that has saved me from constant pain in my feet when standing, walking or working out!!!  The combination of the two has given my feet a new life!!!!", "Finally got my husband a pair of his own! He was always wearing mine (as do my grandaughter and grandson). Why? Because this is simply the most comfortable and practical (water proof) sandal there is. Not to mention durable. I still have my first pair which actually has the best arch support of the bunch (I have 5 pair). My husband kept saying 'Just give them to me!' but no way. They are  about 15 years old and have seen a lot of the country including Hawaii. So now my husband has his own and he loves them.", "These are my everyday flip-flops and I find them quite comfortable and really long lasting. It seems to me, however, that the straps are ever so slightly smaller on the newer pairs requiring a little longer break-in. The only down side to these sandals is that they can be slippery on wet surfaces. I wouldn't recommend them as shower slippers.", "This my third pair of Nike's, they are so comfortable. I wear these daily and they are great with all day comfort!", "These NIKE flip flops arrived faster than I thought, they look great and feel good. The only thing I did not like was when you put them on out of the pool, my foot slips off them.Really good when your feet are dry.", "These flip flops fit me nice, the strap is very comfortable and does not pinch my toe. I really like these for the pool and shower.", "My husband loves these sandals and we've been looking for a replacement pair in brown for a couple years. Glad to have found them here.", "I have to buy them from Amazon. Only place that has my size. They were cheaper last year. But I got 4 pairs this time. Comfortable and exactly what I wanted. I would recommend this product.", "great fit, great for around by the pool would not wear out for all day waling around, but for around the pool there great", "Great flip flops! Thick soles for extra support and comfortable for walking. Also handle water and other weather elements well.", "My husband refused to believe that it was worth spending a little money on flip flops that he would end up loving.. after I surprised him with these flops, he is totally convinced. I have several pairs for myself too. They are comfortable, long lasting and cute for men and women. GET THEM if you are thinking about it! I don't think you'll be disappointed.", "These are my very first pair of flip flops. I haven't bought a pair before because I didn't find them comfortable, but these ones are amazing. I've been using them for a couple of weeks and I'm satisfied. They fit well and I like the way while wearing still close to my feet. I was worried about the hurt around the thumb that it feels while wearing flip flops but with these ones there's no harm. The only thing that I didn't like is that are a little bit narrower than I was expecting.Excellent flip flops overall.", "I wish it was a little wider but other than that their a great pair of nike flip flops.. It's a little expensive but worth it!", "Very comfortable sandals! The sole has the right amount of cushion and support. The thong bands are stretchy and soft enough that you can wear these for a very long time without any discomfort. They fit exactly as expected according to the size chart on the product page. Overall these are some of the most comfortable sandals I've ever owned. Bravo Nike, bravo.", "I had a pair of these in women's and absolutely love them but they were a bit worn down. When I saw the men's on sale for almost 1/2 price of women's I decided to order them. Although they are ok now, when I first got them they were very narrow.", "This shoe fit about right and the comfort are amazing i can stand all day long and does not hurt me feet at all. The company brand name shoe especially from NIKE amazing deal too as well and thanks for everything", "Anybody know if these shoes are running, cross training, or basketball shoes???  I saw these shoes in another online retailer website listed as \"High-performance Basketball Shoe.\"  I have not seen these as basketball shoe anywhere else.  Please advise if you know what type of athletic shoes these are.", "Everything good. New condition, size fit, quality good. Very happy when i received. Its looks very nice. Exactly same like photo show.", "I recommend this boots to anyone that need them for wotk. They r every comfortable and they look every nice. I have had many boots but these r by far the best boot I ever bought.", "The product arrived in the estimated time. I am very happy with my product. Very good! I recommend to everyone.", "These boots are perfect, lightweight and very comfortable, the only difference between these and the top level 'Legends' is that the 'Flight' use Calf not Kangaroo leather and are therefore at least $40 cheaper than the Legends.They arrive in great condition and delivery was prompt and the ordering process easy.A bargain for the new season.", "Looked everywhere for a leather cleat that was reasonably priced (and didn't have 8 different colors like they were made for a 12 y.o.).  Just the right combo of what I was looking for and true to size too.  I'm normally a 10.5 but these 11s are perfect because I wear ankle braces.", "I twisted my ankle twice before I started using this show, it's stable, comfortable and good ball feel on shoe.", "Excellent", "Claims he gets alot of head turns from the opposit sex. If you get the picture. Great shoe at a great price.", "Perfect for Florida weather! I can wear it working out, beach, whenever, easy to clean. And the color is so original. I get so many compliments. Wish they made more.", "My son picked these out for his birthday and was very excited about them.  Unfortunately, after less than a month, the right heel deflated.  Disappointing.Amazon however handled the exchange smoothly and we are trying again.  Really a very nice looking shoe and my son reports they are very comfortable with good supporthe does run in them.", "I bought a pair of this 3 months ago and  now they are broken. I paid an expensive item for short durability.", "Perfect for whatever you get into. Run, walk, train, travel, camp, boat, drive, stunt, cruise, barhop, date, marathon, walkathon, pre or post court shoe", "They feel light on my feet.  Comfortable, these shoes can last me.  Updates will come, I just got them in yesterday, I ran for a bit with out no problem's.", "This shoe looks cool but has been hard on my knees and is not a good shoe to run in because of the foundation of the shoe isn't the best!", "Look cool. Comfortable.After 8 weeks the bottom of the airbag peels off and then pssssssst. Then you sound like a moron walking around psst psst psst psst. Do you want to sound like that?", "GREAT COLOR CONFORTABLELOVE THEMFAST SHIPTHEY GOT THERE 2 DAYS BEFORE I GOT OTHER SHOES 3 DAYS AFTER AND ORDER THEM THE SAME DAYNOT 5 STARS BECAUSE THEY A BIT TOO SMAL AND I DONT HACVE TIME TO CHANGE THEM N", "Is a great pair of shoes!!! I'm ashamed to say how many pairs of Nike Air Max I own, but believe me, these shoes are well worth the money. And then, to find them on sale rocks!!! I love these lime green Nikes!!!!", "This bag meets all my expectation for a durable all weather backpack. It feels strong, the material of the bag will definitely protect its content from being wet and it is large enough to accommodate most of your stuff even shoes or wet clothes plus the insulated pocket for your cold drinks. They must have considered alot of things while designing this bag to accommodate all the users in most circumstances.I highly recommend this item to anyone thats needs a durable, waterproof, all weather backpack.", "Thats good shoes i dnot have any complaints I be happy whit this product tks for the summit ok bye", "all i wear is Nike shoes and believe me, i own many pairs of nikes and these are by far the most comfortable pair EVER!", "The red pair ... my only gripe about the red pair is that they seem to get dirtier faster than the other colors - but still they fit great and I love LunarGlides!!!", "This shoe was a great surprise...looks great, feels great...after a long stint of wearing only Adidas products, this is a shoe that could bring me back to Nike.", "An excellent shoe for running on unimproved roads and or dirt road.  Not as form fitting as the &#34;Free&#34; but has a place to fill my needs.", "Great shoe. I vowed never to buy Nike, but these are light, cushy, supportive -- and perfect for my runs. (Please tell me kids were not forced into child labor to make these in some sweat shop in Malaysia. If they were made in the USA, I'd give it 5 stars)", "I get so many compliments on these shoes! Very highly visible! I am not a runner nor do I use them for sports. They match the safety vests we have to wear at work. Very comfortable!", "the shoe is also perfect for running and the colors are amazing, I am satisfied with the purchase. thank you very much", "When I first got these shoes, I primarily got them for the color (which is a totally awesome color) but the more I wear them, the better they get. I have had them for a year now and they are my favorite shoes. I recently started running on a regular basis and use these to run with. I recommend these. They are comfortable, durable, and super light weight. Want to buy another pair soon!", "The shoes are GREAT!!!  The material that they made of is freakin BRIGHT!!!!  You can't truly apperciate how brightly colored these shoes are until you take them out of the box and wear them!!!  I wore them for physical training and EVERYONE loved them!!!  They are as comfortable as you would expect from the Nike running shoe line.  I have NEVER had a problem with a pair of Nike running shoes, so I continue to almost exclusively by from them.  These shoes will help continue that trend!", "husband loves this shoe, very light weight and very comfortable, they look great and we would buy them again in the same color also.", "I love this shoe. I use them to run everything from 6 mile daily runs to marathons. Not too heavy and with enough protection for longer runs.", "I've been running for 35 years, almost all with nike. I tried others in the beginning but always went back to nike for a comfortable but rugged shoe. For some reason sports authority has mostly dropped nike. I don't like the prices of the others. So, I turned to the internet and for the first time ordered shoes without being able to try them on first. These shoes were about $20 cheaper than all the other comparable shoes. I was very disappointed when they came in. THey fit well but were uncomfortable, too stiff, inflexible. Worst, the foot liner was cheap with no cushion. It felt almost like running on a hard surface with no shoes. I went to sports authority and paid $20 for liners that I got in the past in nike shoes. That resolved the cushion problem but they are still stiff and inflexible. The worst nike shoe I have ever experienced and I've been through a lot of them. Since 1976 I have run somewhere in the neighborhood of 10,000 miles so I know shoes. These are sub par for nike.", "I love these shoes! Super comfortable and absolutely a dream to run in. They are pretty bright (if you're into that). Fit as expected and will most likely be buying these when they get their miles put on them.", "These running shoes have reduced the pain of shin splints dramatically.For those who land on their heels when running, this may be the shoe for you.  i'm happy i bought them", "Nike is finally building running shoes again. The Pegasus is not for stability. Have your running form down to perfection before you run in these. Cushion is perfect and tread is perfect. (the waffle pattern was wildly successful for a reason).", "Love this shoe! Light weight and fits like a glove! I buy the new version every year.", "I had run about 30 miles in these shoes (both on roads and trails) but recently after a 5 mile hike (read walk) on a rather hilly trail, they seemed to break down and lose lateral support for the outside of my foot.", "I bought these for my husband and he loves them. Perfect fit and look great with everything he wears.", "Outstanding running shoe. Light weight. Good fit. Great colors. Good support. I would definitely recommend this shoe. Great price too.", "I am a avid walker and use to use cross trainer shoes to walk in. I used a running shoe last year and enjoyed them quite well. So I got a pair of Pegasus to try out. Yikes. I've been sent to the ground 4 or 5 times now. The last one did a number on my knee. They want to tip me over quite a bit. I don't understand but I have gone back to the cross trainer for good. I do walk along roads quite a bit and maybe that slight variation in level surface is too much for a good running shoe while walking?", "I run 1000+ miles a year and usually only get about 300-400 miles out of a pair of shoes before my knees begin to bother me. I have owned two or three pairs of Pegasus before and have gotten pretty good service out of them. This pair of +29 exceeded my expectations as I was able to run 600+ miles in them before switching. A great pair of shoes for neutral runners who want a cushioned but not overly soft pair of shoes.", "I don't know why buts its a bit narrower than my past four versions of Pegasus's I've owned. Disappointed in that. Otherwise a great running shoe.", "I was in dire need of new shoes and have been faithful to Nike. I went to Nike Factory Outlet store and tried on 8 pairs of shoes. Some were running and some training. The Air Peagasus 29 were the most comfortable, so I bought them. I have run about 10 miles in them so far, and they are hands down the most comfortable shoes out of the box I have ever worn. Not to mention they were really affordable too.", "This is a perfect shoe for a runner in his 50s.  The cushioning is excellent.  It is lightweight.  The soles are durable.", "I alternate running and weight-lifting and these shoes are great for both activities. I got it after my son who is in cross-country got it and loved it.", "And they are in his favorite color.  He normally wears extra-wide shoes, but these must run pretty wide as he wears them in the normal width.", "I've been running since I joined the Army. I'm 6'2\" and flux between 218-225 lbs. I started wearing these shoes at 235 lbs. I have a normal arch. I wear a size 13. Due to my size, a strong sole and great cushioning with superior support are necessary to mitigate the risk of injury to my knees, ankles and to prevent shin splints. Most shoes I've worn have worn out within a few months or weren't good enough for me and I struggled with soreness. These shoes have a sole that provides excellent stability. The cushioning took a great deal of impact for a very long time. I am about to buy my second pair after 7 months and wearing . I, for the first time in my life, was able to run regularly for 6 months without any injury, soreness, blisters, or pain. At the 7 month mark, I started experiencing some soreness and blisters. Time to buy news ones and these are a no-brainer for me!", "My son loves these shoes.  He also had the size 8 and when we went back to the Nike store to purchase the size 9s, they no longer carried them.  I looked for them on Amazon, and thank goodness they were available!  I may even order the 10s!", "This is my second pair of this model.  I have a wide forefoot and so I am always very pleased to find shoes that fit this well.  Having run a couple dozen miles in them since their arrival, I can say that they are quite comfortable.  I am a longtime avid runner (5'7&#34;, 140 lbs) and give shoes a run for their money.  I only wish that shoe manufacturers didn't change models so often.", "I purchased these shoes for my son last year and he has worn them everyday around campus and loves them.  These shoes are comfortable, excellent quality and easy to keep clean. There is currently minimum wear and tear and a great investment.  This Nike shoes was worth the investment.  We only wish we could have bought two pair as they are no longer available today for purchase.", "Second pair of Air Max. These sneakers help reduce pain in my hips and knees. Feel like walking on air.", "These shoes are very comfortable.  I usually can't wear the shocks but this pair seems to be very comfortable.  Recommended.", "Both shoes ripped two months in. Still fit okay but the outsides by the toes are ripped.", "I bought this shirt under the impression that is was somewhat compression-like, and it is not. It is a cheap thin cotton and is in no way flattering. Wouldnt recommend it....esp at any price over $15.", "I love these shoes!!! They are a great color and fit wonderfully!! I love them and as a heptathlete in track I can use them for many events.", "I have broken both of my heel plates and comfort is now a big issue for me when standing in any shoes for too long. These are light weight and very comfortable for this price range I wear them all the time.", "These are the best running shoes. I originally had them in another color, wore them out, and decided to stick with the Lunarglides. I love this particular style of Nike. They are comfortable and offer plenty of foot support.", "I bought these shoes for cross country training last fall and am quite pleased with the result. The color was (and remains to be) very vibrant and the shoe is reliable. I also use them for other activities such as cardio classes like zumba, which they are great for because they are lightweight and not bulky at all. I switch back and forth between these & my aesics and there honestly is not a huge difference in either. All in all a great purchase!", "nike pegausus is the best for running, i always buy this model because is the most confortable i ever run", "I love the color.  I have another pair in this color I bought months ago.  I always buy size 9 1/2.  The size is consistent with my previous purchases over the years.  This is a very comfortable cushioned shoe.so I stick with the Pegasus when I buy Nike running shoes.", "I've used pegasus through the years. For a moderate jogger like me, these are great plus I like the color!", "I had to return these, because they were too small. I read the reviews that said that, but I have always thought Nikes ran small. I currently have a size 7 Nike running shoe that fits fine, so that is what I ordered again. I should have ordered a 7.5. Unfortunately, they didn't have that size in stock, so I had to order a pair from another online retailer. The shoes seemed to be very comfortable, with a lot of cushion, but I haven't had a chance to run in them yet.", "Great cushioning, yet a very light weight for a neutral training or race shoe.  Toe box perhaps just a little larger than other brands.", "Thanks to previous reviews, I ordered a half size higher than normal, so these fit great. Very comfortable, and I can't wait to wear them to the gym tomorrow!", "I really like the fit and comfort of this shoe. It felt like I was running on air. The red color is really bright and I'm still trying to get used to how they look on my feet since I've never worn such an intense color.", "These are really comfortable but fit a little snug.", "The classic Pegasis in raspberry. Very pretty and perfect fit. My daughter loves to run in these shoes. They are one of NIKe's best- PEGASUS!", "I can't stand Nike!  I will never wear Nike!  Nike is for losers!  These were all quotes from my wife up until the point that we went to a local running store to get her professionally fitted for a pair of running shoes.  She ran through all of the brands that she thought she liked but none were wowing her.  Last pair that she tried were the Pegasus 29's and once they were on her feet she could tell immediately that these were the shoes for her.  Nike has converted the hater to a disciple.The wife is not a big time runner (3 times per week) with a smattering of 5 and 10 K's throughout the year.  Also training for a half marathon.  She used to have problems with shin aches and other however no problems with these shoes since she has had them.  Order them 1 size larger than normal shoe size (which is common to do with running shoes) and they fit and feel perfect.", "I always buy Nike Air Pegasus to run. I had already four... and I like it very much. It is very very comfortable!", "Great product!! Got this for my wife and she loved the color.  It's also very comfortable and I'd recommend it based on my wife's reaction.", "Love these shoes and will buy more in different colors!", "I love these shoes, I walked all over Pigeon Forge during rod run week and my feet didn't hurt once.  I also wear them to work.", "Daughter-in-law picked these out and loves them, but the sizing was a bit off.  Needed larger ones.  Very comfortable shoes.", "Top of the line shoes. Perfect fit. True to size. Very light weight shoes. They feel lik a puffy cloud when you run. I will only buy Nike shoes from now on :) very satisfied customer", "It fit perfectly, I start using it to run and is a great and confortable shoe.I'm happy with my purchase.Running keep me alive and  active, so the shoes are my weapon to work forth, are the more important piece on my equipment which help me to go far without even think about it. Allowing me to go as far as my trainning let me go. I can run in shorts or pants or even in a  bathen suit, but no without shoes, that have to be in my feet, must be soft and perfect to reach my gold on my races.Those shoes help me on my long distance tasks.I had it on when I ran on the last Gatorade's race in Caracas.", "Excelent it's ok", "Wish I could have gotten a half size bigger because they do seem to run a little bit on the smaller side but I really like the shoes", "I bought these running shoes 1'2 size larger than my normal size and they fit very comfortably with plenty of room.  No problems noted with toe space as some reviews indicated.  I do not run a lot, but I walk daily and these shoes are perfect for the job.  I would recommend.", "Sometimes in life things don't always go as planned and that turns into opportunity for people and companies to excel, and that certainly is the case with this product and shipper ... Highly recommend these shoes ....The wife loves em..Which is Great ! Foot Paths did a wonderful job. Thanks to all involved !!!", "These shoes mark a new trend in design and are very comfortable. But it is necessary to take into account to be ordered 1/2 additional size, since they are somewhat tight", "excelent!!", "When I opened the box the bright color of the grey did not made good with the bright pink color, but I need a sneakers so badly they would not waste time to return, but not so happy about this one.", "There are many great things about Nike shoes, including all the different sizes, shapes, colors, and design options they have.  I love Nike for mainly one simple reason: they have shoes that fit all different types of feet. My mom has wide feet, and mine are crazy narrow; we can still both wear Nike.  There are so many designs!  You can choose anything from plain with just the Nike symbol or some crazy design like the cookie monster; they have almost any design you can imagine on a shoe.  Another really amazing thing is that Nike shoes are durable, flexible, very comfortable and they last for years if you treat them right.", "These are the most comfortable sneakers I have every worn. The inside padding and sturdy structure makes walking easy, in spite of my flat feet. Also, they are deep enough for me to insert my portable arch supports.", "Like many others I ordered these a 1/2 size bigger than I usually do.  Shipping was fast and only took a few days. When I first got them I was a little fearful that they would be too big but with socks they are a prefect fit, lots of room in the toe area so prefect if u have wide feet but isn't a problem if u have narrow feet like me. the soles of these shoes are a lot thicker than I'm use too but I think that just adds in the comfort of these well padded and high arched running shoes.  My mom also likes them and I'll probably be ordering another pair just for her so mine don't go missing :P  Would defiantly get again.", "The product is of good quality.  We ' ve a problems with te size but are easy  of cahnge with friends or a future sale", "Good Shoe and Not Badly Priced and Feels Good to The feet with enough cushion and support for a runner", "I am very pleased with this shoe...the shipping process is another story....the shoe made up for the frustration I felt regarding the time it took to get it! :)", "These shoes  are super comfortable, roomy in the toes and cup the heels nicelyare.  The shoes are lightweight and perform as advertised", "These are the most supportive, most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. They walk, run, bike, and Zumba. The inner \"grid\" tightening system gives me all the arch support I need for a high arch. If I can ever find them again, I'll be buying multiples for when they wear out.", "I have tried many brands of running shoes.  And spent hundreds of dollars.  These shoes are the best I have had.  Every runner needs something different but these work great for me.Run a little small.  I usually wear an 8 in running shoes.  Needed an 8.5", "Love the fit of these. I have them in several colors. Lightweight. Comfy and stylish. Good support. Couldn't find the pink/berry color in the store, was happy to find it online.", "The last athletic shoes I had purchased was a pair of New Balance...10 years ago. Needless to say, I'm not a avid runner, but I do jog occasionally and walk often. I was amazed when I first worked out in these shoes. They fit true-to-size, are very lightweight and provide an amazing amount of support. Because they are so lightweight, it's not only easier to work out, but it's also a much more pleasant experience. I have no more ankle or foot pain. I guess shoe technology has advanced quite a bit in ten years! In addition, they are durable. I thought I had scuffed them a few times on my concrete steps outside, but they still look brand new. As a plus, they're very attractive and feminine, with a pink and black leopard print underneath the black mesh on the side (it's subtle). Overall, it's a great shoe that's as attractive as it is functional.", "Everyone asks me where I purchased these and cannot believe it's an amazon order. They are comfy and I have wide feet. They are well worth the price paid and looks great, Great value!", "I loved the shoes but had to send them back because they run 1/2 size smaller than what I am wearing now.", "i like this shirt", "Size was just as listed, fit just like it should! No fading over time, kept it's shape ~ nice t-shirt.", "the greatest shoes the black mamba is a great option the best one :) so then try it and enjoy it good stars for this seller", "Good basketball shoesPros:Fits perfect, can be used on play and on streets... Looks really nice and are too much comfortables.Cons:Maybe with some other colors than yellow will be great", "This running shoe fits true to size and is extremely comfortable.  Color scheme is pretty nice as well.  Good product.", "NIKE shoes all fit me the same so size was easy. I love the shoes but when I went to buy an other pair the price soared. Not fair Amazon", "Fit wonderfully.  Great support where I need it - arch and at the balls of my feet.  (I have a pinched nerve in my left foot - old running injury - and these helped relieve that pressure.  They look great.  I had hoped to find ones a little more neutral but couldn't at a somewhat *reasonable* price.  Shox are one of the few shoes I have found that I can stand in all day and won't be dying by the end, so I put up with the prices to a degree.", "This is my third pair of shoes this design, and i don't change them for another brand, they are comfortable, have good grip and it lasts long. They arrived in time, well packed and such which as I asked them.", "i liked them!", "Completely satisfied my large feet.  Will purchase in future .  I hope the price is right when the next one comes around.", "Men dart sneakers #10 is great fits well and is very comfortable and light just what i wanted.What u see is what u get i viewed it i bought it and I'm a satisfied customer.Thank you for honesty of sales looking forward for more purchases.", "Estos zapatos ofre", "I really like the look of my new shoes, they fit perfectly on my feet. I enjoy running in this shoes", "This shoe replaced the Nike Dart 9 and I have to say that it is definitely an improvement in style and comfort, highly recommended.", "The shoes fit well and are exactly as described. They arrived quickly and were well packages. Overall a terrific experience through Amazon.", "My son really love the shoe most because of the colors but he mention they were comfy too,they got here faster the i expected which it was great,we did order half of size bigger so he could have some room as Nike does runs a little small.", "I made the right choice.", "i love it", "The shoes seem like great shoes but even at 4E they aren't wide enough for my feet. Too bad :/", "I've started to get back into running and I needed some good running shoes. These shoes fit the role perfectly. Surprisingly a good value in terms of price and quality. They feel very lightweight, comfortable, and offer plenty enough ventilation for when my feet start swelling a bit after a workout. It really came down to some ACISC models and these Nike Darts, but based on the amount of positive reviews, this is what I chose and I'm glad I did.", "I have wide feet and they fit very well. Glad I looked on Amazon to buy some shoes . Prize was good also.", "They are very comfortable and their design are cool. I really recommend this Shoes. I am very sure that I will be a other pair very soon.", "I just wore out a pair of Nike shoes I got last year for $100. These shoes are the same quality and nearly half as cheap. I'd say they're a little on the small size but I can just loosen up the laces.These shoes are a fantastic deal and the black pair go great with almost any pants, jeans, cargo, shorts, etc.", "These shoes are comfortable. Just what I expected. Glad I found them. Keeps my feet feeling great. I can wear them all I day.", "These are for the son and they fit perfect on his feet.  He already had some so these are a size bigger.", "Love these shoes there comfortable and when i run or ride my bike i feel breeze hit my toes they keep my feet cool  i love it. When these wear down im going to buy another pair", "comfortable, light, and have a nice stylish look to them..  everything as expected from Nike,  and at such a reasonable price.", "Awesome delivery time. Shoes are great, there are a few small defects, and inside the left shoe there is a sewing d3fect that cause it to hurt the top of my foot. It will wear down in time.Overal great product and great fit.", "This pair of shoes are very comfortable. As excellent as I expected. Has all the qualities walking shoes should have. Delivery speed is prompt.", "I BOUGHT THESE SHOES FOR MY SON, HE LIKED IT'S COLOR. IT'S EXACTLY HOW IT LOOKS. PERFECT FOR RUNNING. I RECOMMEND IT.", "excellent as you would expect from Nike, and Amazon online purchase.Thank you", "designcomoidad although his was not the color requestedI like everythingit serves him right", "BUEN PRODUCTO", "These are not the top of the line shoes but they look great and feel good. They are lite weight and comfortable. I would buy them again", "Fit like a glove", "I love the look of the shoe but I feel a pull in my arch uder my feet while just walking in this shoe. It has no arch support. If I'm to wear it, I will have to find some insole to support my arch in my feets. It was a purchase mistake for me.", "Fits as expected, pretty comfortable. The price was right. I like Nike's Dart 9 better. I just use these for walk around shoes.", "i choose this rating because it is really strong light weight and my husband loves it , a next good one is the nike dart 9 last him 2 years with every day use, great shoes!", "good product looks original not the tips of both shoes took off too fast and buy just about asisc are the same as when I bought the first day but this shoddy nike", "Perfect", "but once I got used to the tightish fit iloved it, very comfortable, feels like you have a bounce to your step and was easy on my feet when I go on runs, I would recommend these shoes, stylish and comfortable.", "These shoes are a bit bulky and large in size but they are pretty comfortable. I'd call them a nice shoe to walk in but not very ideal to run or workout in.", "Conservative styling ,perfect fit! Since I needed a 4E width shoe, I have not been able to find a pair that fit until NOW! Great fit and comfortable!", "shoe is exactly what we wanted, my husband ordered these for work since he stands all day and he is very pleased with the comfort and look of thses shoes. he is actually ready to order another pair soon.", "Excelennt shoes 100%", "Ordered a size four, because that's what my nine year old wears for a pair of Adidas. When he put these on, they were a little tight for that size so probably should have ordered a size bigger than we anticipated. Very cool shoe, though.", "I think I ordered one of the last pairs, for my grandson, shoe is true to size fit. the price cant beat it. Brand new, easy to break in, no blisters.  arrived in my mail box, I always opt for free shipping, it usually arrives before expected date.", "My son love them! He's already asking for me to replace them in the next size, and I will be.", "Great quality, they lasted until she outgrew them.", "My son is twelve so the durability may be due to his active nature. We also live at the beach and the sand can be rough on the fabric. Good for the price if your kids want name brand shoes.", "My daughter  (who's 16 years old) wears these, and I think they look so cute on her; I wish I could pull these sneakers off.", "my daughter loves the shoes cant say anything bad them.  im talking about a really picky little girl here.  thank you", "My daughter is happy with this shoes for school !!!! I always buy NIKE shoes. Fit her well, runs actual size.", "My daughter is 6 and a half, and usually wears a size 11 Nike.  She has thin, long feet.  I decided to go a half size up and she can barely tell the shoe is a little big.  She has some wiggle room for her toes.  Also, the color in the picture seems to be coral, but in real life it's more of a neon orange, very similar to the orange Nike box.", "I was set on getting myself another pair of Nike shoes after having my last pair for over 5 years.... When I got these they were everything I was looking for and then some... Most shoes you have to knot to keep from untying, but that wasn't the case with these, simply because the laces are square. But after 5 months the straps in the inside of the shoes that are meant to give your foot support have started to rip and that makes them useless because the eyes for the shoe laces are attached to them... great idea... but bad plan..... Nike is sending me a voucher to replace them after I pay to send them back... :( not too happy about having to pay to ship them back due to their craftsmanship issues. But life will go on. :)", "I love Nike Pegasus and have worn the 27s and the 28s. I love the color selection with the 29s, but I will be honest, I love the 28s better. These shoes seem like they offer less cushioning and aren't as durable as the 28s. For me I like a lot of cushioning so I don't love these. I actually wear the 28s when I work on the floor as a nurse and I am the only person who doesn't complain of their feet hurting. I have run one half marathon in these and while my feet weren't in a lot of pain, I was able to notice a difference between the two models.", "Fit perfectly.  Great to use on the road.", "I wear them every time to the gym and I have at least 5 other pairs. I'm thinking of getting a second pair just to wear all the time.", "Probably the most comfortable shoes i have ever had. Tried to another pair, but they no longer had my size (13-4e)", "Great sneaker. Ordered the wide width.. Regular nikes tend to run narrow. These fit perfect!", "I was looking for a comfortable pair of wide width running sneakers although I use them for speed walking. These really fit the bill. These sneakers are light and comfortable on my feet which allows me to speed walk comfortably. My toes aren't scrunched in but have room to move. I would buy these again.", "Very comfortable, good support. I have wide feet and this fits very well. True to size. Would purchase again.", "I did not purchase these through Amazon, but I love these shoes. Most Nike shoes are cut narrow, but these have plenty of room in the front of the shoe and great cushion in the heel.", "I've been looking for a shoe that will support my leg. Ever since my injury in 2012, I've been afraid to even take a jog, let alone get back to running. I got my first Pegasus a few months back and I'm impressed with the lightness of the shoes and the support they give me. I wear them everywhere, all the time.  Truly a win win.", "I love love my new shoes. They are of very good quality, comfortable, lightweight and very nice. In summary, excellent running shoes", "I've had many pairs of Nike Comfort flips over the years and I've always been happy. They are simply the most comfortable flips I've ever worn.The style of the shoe is sporty, and that's all the Comfort ones come in. Sporty isn't my style, but I wear these anyway because they feel so great. It's like a tempurpedic for my feet.I wear them everyday when I get home from work and one pair lasts me about 2 years. I got a pair for a friend and she walks on the insides of her feet so the toe area cushion became flat on hers quicker. I guess it just depends on how hard you are on your shoes but in my experience, these flips are good and durable.My only complaint is I wish they were more water resistant. The squishy part of the shoe is covered in some sort of a fabric, not plastic. I'd say it feels comparable to those squishy wrist rests at the computer store. Not a huge inconvenience at all, especially for the way they feel.", "Great pricevery comfortablelook great too!would highly recommend them to anyone on their feet a lot.  They are amazing!", "These flip flops are amazing.  It is like walking on jelly clouds.  The cushions absorb the shock as you walk and you can walk for hours.  When I am walking all day, I normally wear a good tennis shoe with arch support for comfort.  I have found that these flip flops provide the same support and comfort.  Also there is no rubbing between the toes like most flip flops.  It is a great fit.", "This sandal was the most comfortable one besides my Birkenstocks thanks Nike for adding the memory foam I have had 14 ankle surgeries and I will buy these every year very comfy", "These were purchased as a gift for my mother. She has not stopped raving about them ever since she got them. Two months later, she still claims they're the most comfortable sandles she's ever owned.", "I didn't care for the shoes the where to small even though they where my size. & they did not feel comfortable on my feet.", "Ordered a pair for myself and for my husband.  Both ran small.  I usually wear a size 9, and my foot sits right at the ends.  Same with my husband who normally wears a size 12.  Not sure if these come in half sizes, but if so....I highly recommend ordering a half size larger than you normally wear.  They are very comfortable and supportive.", "These sandals are like walking on a cloud! Bought them to wear to Disney and I wore them all day and my feet felt great!", "They're comfortable and wear well, I've got several pair that I wear at home or anywhere I have to walk a lot.  Very nice to walk in.  They're nothing fancy, but they are nice, sturdy flip flops.  I've gotten my money's worth, no doubt about it.", "Comfortable sandle, great for giving your foot a break after a run or a game or just because.  Almost like a slipper.", "However, I returned the thongs because I have narrow feet and they did not fit properly.  I also did not like the slick lining underfoot.", "These sandals are simply comfortable, are padded and recommend it to all the girls, I have several I love my", "I bought a size bigger than I normally would as some reviewers pointed out and it fitted perfectly! They're very comfortable to wear.", "I love these sandals!! They are the best and I bought four pairs and one for my pregnant friend.  They are so comfortable to walk around town on really hot days.", "Brand new crisp pair of shoes. I was happy to receive exactly how it shows in the picture. The colors were fresh and bright as new.", "I found these shoes to be excellent for walking even though they are \"basketball\" shoes.they provide a good fit and excellent support", "Bought this pair of Nike Air Force 1's for my new son-in-law. He was thrilled to get them. His brother told me that I had excellent taste in shoes :)  Plan to buy more Nike's in the future, but had a hard time finding his size 10.5's.  This pair is advertized as white/NAVY, but they are actually white/OBSIDIAN, which means white/BLACK, but the shoes still look amazing.  Wanted white/BLUE, but couldn't find them in his size. I'll just have to keep looking.  I also really enjoyed the ease of ordering on line and the quick delivery service.", "The shoe kind of fits small to the size...especially on the width.......hopefully it will open up.....otherwise its a good shoe for running......", "Ordered this shoe for my 12 yr. old son and couldn't be more happy.  It's lightweight, supportive and, best of all, no tongue to worry about sliding to the side when he does his workouts.  My son hasn't worn any other shoe since he received them.  He says they feel like slippers!", "I wanted running shoes so i can begin and improve my running, and i wanted nike shoes because i loved how they looked, i saw this one was on sale and i loved it from the moment i saw it, i bought it and it fits perfectly, looks very stylish too, i would recommend this shoe to a lot of you stylish runners.", "I've only worn them to work - no recreation.  Forgot I had them on ---- so that's a good thing with shoes", "I got these for my mom and she loves them. They seem to be keeping true to the great quality of past Frees. I haven't found a pair of Nike Frees that I or anyone I know haven't liked.  They are comfortable and nice shoes", "Loving these shoes! Light weight but substantial support. I wear flip flops every day and these feel so good on my feet for &#34;real&#34; shoes.", "My other tennis shoes were wearing out and I decided to buy these! Could not be happier with this purchase. I am a runner and these are perfect for fit and comfort! You can't go wrong with these. Love the bright color too!", "These shoes are just as expected with ordering Nike running shoes. They are comfortable and fit true to size. Got them for working out at the gym - nothing like a marathon or anything.", "Would definitely buy again.", "Just OK!", "Perfect fit & so comfortable. I run  everyday so my feet are very sore but these shoes help a lot !", "I'm usually 8.5 size in Nike, but this style runs 1/2 size smaller, reordered it for size 9. Other wise, very comfortable and nice looking shoes which you will not feel while wearing. Love them!", "I'm using my Nike Jordan Flight the Power shoes for 3 months now, and unfortunately they're just uncomfortable... their toe box is very small and even though I bought the shoes half size larger than my real size they hurt my toes whenever I ware them. At the beginning I hoped that with time the shoes will become a bit wider and I'll get used to it, but it just didn't happen.In addition the shoes are not high enough in my opinion, but this is something I could live with, but not with their uncomfortably.", "These shoes look great and would be 5 stars if the fit wasn't off. I've never considered myself to have wide feet and have never had a problem with shoes being too narrow but these are a tighter fit than any other shoe I've owned. They squeeze in on my toes and are pretty uncomfortable to wear. Hopefully once they're broken in they will mold better to my feet and not feel excessively tight.", "Nice shoes but they run narrow, Nike's site says to order 1/2 larger if you have wide feet.  I say order a 1/2 size larger if you have normal feet.", "The shoes are great, and fit exactly as we anticipated. They are really great shoes and great quality and also came quickly!", "I actually ended up returning these because I got a sweet deal on the Free's.  They looked great and felt alright; would have needed to be broken in, but that's typical unless you get a pair of Free's.", "the looking is good, and it's quite thick, so very warm. However, the height and width of the shoes are a little small, for a person has 'fat' feet, like me.", "This shoes are comfortable and I have to say the color is bright but I can were them with any color of clothing .", "Warning: These shoes are much narrower than the D width as claimed. The wear layer of the sole is not suitable for pavement is wears out prematurely. If you only use these for the track or court and your feet are very narrow then these are for you. If you run/walk outdoors and you have medium to wide feet, stay away from these.", "I love this sneakers. They are very comfortable and have excellent grip on the court. I highly recommend this sneaker", "They were the wrong color..", "I was impressed just on the packaging alone....What!?  3 drawers with seperate compartments!  What?! I almost feel like not wearing the shoes....So Dang pretty!  fits perfect...and it feels good wearing it!  Must have on anybody's list of shoes!~  A keeper!!!", "I got this pair at Foot Locker for 69.99. Another Nike product you can compare it to is the Free Run and Free Run 2. The three shoes are geared towards running. The Huarache is light, and only about an ounce heavier than the Free Run 2. In my opinion the added heal support is what makes them heavier, but its too little to notice. I run around my neighborhood so the heal support makes all the difference. The comfort is excellent and my feet can't tell they are breaking in new shoes (no blisters). I got these specifically for running, but I can see myself getting another pair for casual wear. I recommend them, they are a good product.", "They were for mi kid, but i like them pretty much, and think he like them also. Good sneakers I think", "I bought one pair of these in all white for the summer. After just a week I loved them. When I returned to buy another pair they were on sale so I bought 2 more in white and this one in grey. I have not received the grey ones but the white ones are some of my favorite air max ever. I know air max very well and have had every year air max released. Its so rare that they release an ALL WHITE model. No small grey or black accents. BUY BUY BUY", "I like these shades, fit perfect the tint is way cool. Though, when I bought these I was under the impression I was going to recieve a case with them. Oh well. They won't need a case they not coming off.", "looks great grey is my new color can't go wrong with Nike Shox ....Could not find these sneaker in any store.", "light weight comfortable shoe. easy to keep clean just wipe with a damp terry cloth towel. my favorite shox shoe yet.", "I got these shoes thinking everything was okay and was glad to get them. So I wore them finding the right shoe was very tight so when I got home checking things out I found I had two different sizes. The left one was a size 9 the size I ordered and the right one was a size 8. Emailed the store they said there was nothing they could do because I wore them. I understand this but a person should be able to trust the customer to check things out before sending them out. I told them they must have the mate to my size 9 shoe I ordered and I would be willing to buy it for a fair price. But they won't contact me to settle this problem so now I'm stuck with a pair of worse less shoes.", "Way to big I want my money back it's so bad because they are very expensive and I expected more because of thAt", "My 4th pair, all different shox - love those shoes. I use them in- and outdoor, the best training shoes I ever bought.", "My preteen son wears these sneakers as \"dress sneaks\".  They are flashy without looking gawdy.  He gets a lot of compliments on their look and he claims that they are both very comfortable and very easy to clean.  He does not wear these to play sports in--just as his dressy tennis shoes.", "Most comfortable tennis shoe that I have ever worn.  I plan to buy additional pairs in other colors.  However, the price is cheaper on finishline.com", "Disappointed! The shoe sizes run smaller than the listed size. Buyer beware...you have to pay to return the open item and you do not get reimbursed for the return amount", "I have NIKE SB shoes in 9.5 and ordered the same size for these... a whole 1.5 sizes larger in fit... they fall of my feet, very dissapointed", "great shorts for golf, only wore them in 90 + degree weather, and they did not stick to the body as cotton shorts do.", "I love 2011 air max tennis shoes by NIKE. They are extremely comfortable for regular wear and walking. I have three pairs and had to get my husband some. The material is much more supportive compared to the mesh that the new air max tennis shoes are made of, and they look good. Very SATISFIED!", "This looks like a great product and would love to give it a great rating..expect I can't buy it since they only have 2 sizes!! I need a size 12 or 13 and all they have is 8 and 8.5. I been checking in for a week straight. please bring more options. Can't wait to give it a 5 star..maybe...someday..", "Love these boots.  I use them for work and i can't say enough about them.  I wished these were a little lighter...but not really and issue.", "Very comfortable and good looking boots.  Scuff resistant and great for all seasons/activities. If you love the Goadome line this is a quality purchase", "I purchased these boots for work. As a city mailman on a walking route these boots by far exceed anything the USPS has to offer. From day one they were/are the most comfortable work shoes/boots I have used. I walk a average of 5/6 miles, 5/6 times a week. I've used them for about 3 1/2 months now, and there is very little wear to the sole. The upper, while a little difficult to shine is very easy to clean. Just a little elbow grease with a good shoe brush, and you're good to go. I have many more years of delivering left. Hopefully Nike will only improve on the quality. If they do, they'll have a customer for life...", "Very nice original jordan tennis low price and very elegant, good for my collection of jordan tennis. I really like being low.", "these are amazing kicks. very high quality leather, sharp colorway and tons of vintage vibe. unfortunately these are the most narrow shoes i have ever tried on. my initial order was sz13, my usual size in nike, but they were too long and too narrow. my second order was in sz 12 and forget about it... a tourniquet would be more comfy. part of the styling of this shoe seems to be derrived from the fact that they are so narrow, as it does lend the shoe a very sleek look. so buyer beware. if you've got long skinny feet and want some sweeet retro sneakers, you cant go wrong with theseBTW, the merchant selling these shoes... SneakerRx aka Sneakerhead... charges you for the shipping!!! so now im out $24.00. oh well.Piece", "My previous experience with various Nike products wasn't good, I would never consider Nike because of the poor quality,  the Nike Skylon Sunglasses are different, I look at it as an exception, this one instance has not change my view of Nike, but I am a fair guy, I have to give Nike an A++ for their Skylon Sunglasses, they are the only type of sunglasses I can wear all day long on a golf course, no distortion, very light,  very comfortable, one of the best sunglasses in my possession.", "THESE GLASSES ARE REALLY LIGHT AND THEY STAY ON EVEN IF YOU ARE RUNNING FASTER OR DOING INTERVALS.I HAVE THE WHITE ONE AND JUST ORDERED THESE GREY ONES FOR MY BROTHER FOR HIS BIRTHDAY.GREAT GIFT FOR ANYONE WHO LOVES OUTSIDE ACTIVITIES.", "This sun glasses is very durable and works for running. I ran with it all the time. It doesn't move or fall when you are wearing it. The glass itself is very clear and nice. They look good and make you look good. I would recommended this to anyone who needs a sun glasses.", "no one else has a pair of these shoes among his friends.this makes him distinguesed!that gives him pleasure ain&#34;t that enough?", "Very nice and comfortable Nike shoes. Light and unusual coloring , looking special. Got them at a great price too.", "Firstly, they do not look very nike or feel very nike.  The embellishment is pink and to &#34;frilly&#34; for a black shoe.  they also seem cheaply made, and they fit small and narrow.  My 77 year old mother liked them and they do seem more fitting for an older person.", "This is a very minimalist wallet and if it didn't have the swoosh on it and come packaged in a beautiful box with magnetic catch, it would be just another $5 wallet. That's fine though because I was looking for a thin wallet that didn't have a hundred pockets and dividers in the currency sleeve, as though I need to keep my hundreds separated from my fives. Well, this fits the bill (pun intended- note singular use of the noun) but they've taken the minimalist design a tad too far. Cards do not fit in the slots and once you have forced them in you need pliers to get them out. There are only 6 card slots but oddly when they are all filled the wallet is reluctant to close flat, and that's before you try to put anything in the hidden sections. And as far as folding money is concerned, my advice is to travel light; perhaps a couple of hundreds because much more than that and wallet is not going to fold flat. This is basically a step up from a money clip so unless you travel with maybe 4 credit (ATM, library, Moose Lodge Club, etc) cards, a couple of biz cards and a few bills you can drop the &#34;fold&#34; from &#34;billfold&#34;. Overall a nice looking wallet with just average construction. Oddly, the long section of leather is split into 2 pieces. Not sure if this is a design feature or just saving cost on a larger piece of leather but creates an annoying bump where the overlap seam occurs vertically, just past the halfway point on the backside of the wallet. Did I mention the nice box...?", "the build quality is decent, but I had to return them.the pinky area, where the all the panels are stitched together, really bothered my pinky toe as I wore it.The stitching area on the inner side was also irritating.I tried to break in but it just got worse and worse.Would not recommend this shoe to people with wide feet. (I actually fit in most \"medium width\")", "I wanted some lightweight work shoes...these suck. nike is known for being a narrow shoe... I have wide feet but this fit was just wrong.", "I love Nike Air-Force ones as they are classy, timeless, and beautiful. Compared to other styles Air-Force 1's have managed to stay relevant for nearly 20 years. These green, black, and white AF1's are going to make a welcome addition to my royal blue one, whites, and soon to be new reds (feeling kind of patriotic with July 4th around the corner). They fit great, and were flawless out of the box and looked better in person than online.", "I Love these shoes, glad they had my size. Nike rookie zoom next best shoes to the foamposite, probably better.", "Lol! Love these reviews ;) They must be fantabulous to be $3, 000.00. & Sold out, ;) Guess I better work, so popular they'll be $6, 000.00 ;)", "These shoes are amazing! When i saw these shoes, i knew i jad to buy them. Sure, there expensive, but i won't miss my nipples, left nut, and my parents. Sometimes my friends think i'm stupid for having these shoes, but what do a couple of rats in my sewer know about style. Definite buy.", "I received my shoes in record time,  instantly placed them on my feet and ran (alarmingly fast) to the corner store to meet up with my friends who immediately started referring to me as C&eacute;leste Des Pieds.  Which is odd... they never spoke french before(?).  Thank you NIKE!", "&#34;Get down&#34; I shouted to the unworthy mortals as they clambered at my new Nikes, &#34;These are foamposite and not fit for tiny winy people like you, these badboys are mine&#34; I bellowed.The wife wasn't to impressed with my manner nor was she impressed with the price tag, so now I live in the shed at the bottom of the garden with the incontinent cat and she has moved Roger in, she says he's there just for the chores around the house, its strange how my wife never used to help me with the chores, I never realized there was so much to do in the bedroom.Ive given these shoes five stars cause BOY these will sure change your life.", "the Js feel good to play in, very comfortable and seem quite light as well.  they are also very true to size.  my only downfall on this shoe, is it is not one of the prettier Js while on your foot (so these are ply worn on the court for me)", "Stitching is a bit off, and had  some type of glue build-up/bubble on the nose,  So it looks like there are new with defects", "My husband wanted a yellow pair of sneakers. The sneakers are more gold than yellow but they will work. He Loves Them so I am very happy with this purchase....", "first off i like nikes and the only problem with that is that they are usually expensive but these i thought were a reasonable price and i got them and i like them", "very but very confortable,  i love this nike because you can use it all the day and you do not get tired", "MY SON LOVES THESE SHOES", "I for one play basketball at a very energetic pace. Most of my basketball shoes are destroyed within 3 months, therefore imagined my surprise when I realize it has been a year since i bought these shoes. I recommend them for any type of baller, street and organized.", "Bought the shoes since I needed a new pair of indoor basketball shoes. Shopped around and found these. The zoom is quite comfortable but not as quite light as the hyperdunks; however, for those of you who are looking for a decent pair of shoes these are the perfect ones if you don't want to spend too much on the basketball shoes.", "I have flat feet so i need good support for whenever i play basketball and these shoes are 10x more comfortable than my last pair.", "thank you so much. finally the basketball shoe I have been looking for totally worth every penny. I really am happy it improves jumping as well as looking spontaneous!", "the shoes is really nice and I love the color coz it is exactly as shown in the picture!!thanks shoezoo for the fast shipping..I recommend this product.", "Got these for my son to wear for the new school year.  He absolutely loves them-especially because they're so light-weight and allow his feet to breathe!  Sometimes BB shoes can be extremely heavy and have your feet all sweaty-or at least that's what my son says!  Just a note-Nike's &#34;DO&#34; run 1/2 size smaller than other brands so keep this in mind when ordering.  Also-due to their feather-light weight, I don't expect these to &#34;wear&#34; as well as his Jordan's, but for the price, and how quickly kids feet grow in school-I didn't mind.  GREAT-looking shoes!", "I could find these shoes in the store, but not in this color or not in my size either.I am very picky about my shoes .these are great for my style and they are durable and lightweight.they are very well ventilated.I have been wearing these this summer.now its october.the cold autumn air that gets into these shoes makes makes your feet freeze.good summertime shoe", "I play basketball 3-4 days out of the week. I bought two pairs of these. One for indoor and one for out door. They both have been holding up very well. They are light and durable. Lots of air way gets through the shoe, which is nice also. I have no complaints on these shoes whatsoever. Shipping was fast and my box came in great condition.", "If you need a good cross training, not running shoe, then I highly suggest these shoes. Especially if you're doing exercises that require a lot of jumping, pivoting and twisting of legs.", "I love these shoes for zumba!  In fact, this is my 4th pair.  I have to search on line for these babies, because they've been discontinued for over a year and are hard to find.  I've located some at TJ Maxx, and this one on amazon.  I wish Nike wouldn't discontinue all of the shoes I love for zumba!", "These shoes made for a perfect mothers day gift! Sacramento summers often average 100-110+ degrees. A lightweight shoe with proper ventilation; a true to Nike size (usually one size up from every other common brand I feel like) good lookin shoe in my opinion. The colorway is different but could be worn with just about anything.", "These shoes are super comfy. I have an odd shaped foot and they fit better than I expected! Love the memory foam soles. I'm on my feet for the majority of the day and when I wear these my feet hurt less than if I wore my other pair of tennis shoes.", "I saw this same shoe in another color for less and waited too long and missed out&#8230; kicking myself. Nice looking and very comfortable.", "Great to find the right style of nike's. They were just as pictured. Will shop here again for more sneakers.", "I wanted to buy the 3.0 shoes but couldn't find it, so I thought that buying the 7.0 would be better because they would had made improvements on them... boy was I wrong! The shoes fit to tight and the upper material is made of some plastic like material, it won't give at all.  My nephew bought the 3.0 and they are the ones I wanted!  I would love my money back!", "This pair of shoes actually look better in person then in the picture and they fit like a glove. the outer material of the shoe is a vynil like material so dont expect it to be cloth or anything like that, they are very comfy and great gym shoes!", "This is my husbands favorite shoe. Hence this is his 2nd pair that are identical. So comfortable and light. Loves them!", "OK I like the sneakers but they look like they came from Marshall&#8217;s. The front of the sneakers do not even come close to matching up on is kind of pointed while the other is more rounded. Aside from that they are comfortable.", "The shoes are described correct. My husband said he felt like his toes were elevated like it had too much arch for comfort.so we retuned them.", "I bought these shoes because my feet used to hurt a lot when I did Insanity. These shoes feel great, they have great support, breathe great, have tons of grip and I just feel like wearing them all the time. I am now doing Insanity Asylum 2 now and the shoes keep delivering peak performance as I do the craziest workouts you could imagine. I recommend them 100%.", "I bought these for my Dad and he wears a size 9 in all shoes. These were too small, had to go up to 9.5. Otherwise they look great but could use more cushioning.", "Thank you so much I loved itand it's pretty new as I ordered it and exceptedthank you :", "Right shoe was definately noticeably smaller than the left.Cushion in side was paper thin. Put a new liner in so their a little better now.", "Very satisfied with this purchase.  Shoes fit true to size.  Very comfortable and sturdy.  Wish they were available in more colors.", "are ok....keep up the good work....nike bravo .....their quality is ok.....price is a little high but to see them after wearing them....soo ...five star ....", "Nice and comfortable shoes. The retro style is great! Everyone always says something cool about my shoes. The Green Stadium color is so stunning. I just love them!", "I will never buy a pair of Nike's again unless I can try them on in the store.  They are too inconsistent when it comes to fit.  They run especially narrow.", "This shoe should be labeled as a \"Basketball\" shoe. Definetly NOT a cross-trainer. Cross-training requires agility, fast movements, quick change of direction, JUMPING, and other athletic movements that you need \"lighter\" shoes for. This shoe is very heavy, the sole is very thick and does not \"give\" what-so-ever. I can barely bend it with my hands.As far as comfort... it's fine to just walk around in.As far as looks... it is a very stylish shoe.But I give it a 2 because it's bulky, heavy and labeled as a cross trainer and it's the exact opposite.I bought the 2013 NIKE Air Max the same day - after I received these (and was soooo disappointed) and I those are TRUE cross trainers.", "I really like these shoes because they can go with anything. Black never goes out of style. I was hoping to find these in 6 1/2 but size 7 still fits well.", "Yes a very nice buy here folks everyone loves them brand new with box new scent up love it! my hole clips wants to get some", "I was first hesitant to buy from this company..couldn't believe the shoes I wanted was so cheap..took the chance and glad I did.  I order my shoes late July 10th...the shipment went out July 11th..and I was looking at and wearing my shoes July 12th..fast delivery even for the USPS system..and it also helped that I paid for expedited shipping...will shop with this company again. Received them in the original box and packaging and the last pair of 8 left at that price. :)", "The shoes arrived on time and in great condition in original box.  My friends can't believe that the shoes arrived so fast and that they look so good on my feet", "Pretty good shoes but they were somewhat on the small size. Still love them.", "I bought these shows from Ladies foot locker and they are my favorite shoes.  They run a little small (I wear a 9 to 9 1/2 and I got these in a 10)  I wear these shows everywhere they are AMAZING!!!!", "I like this sweatpant a lot -very comfertable and a good fit- great to lay around the house in and relax", "The soles of these shoes are very thin.  Not much better than Old Navy flip flops are they are way cheaper!", "Hi friend, what the size this shoe? I need the size 14 mens, if you have please, response me.thank you.", "Can someone please tell me how to find the size for this shoes. I've been trying to find out but haven't been able to figure it out.", "I will love to this shoes but I want to know if have a 9.5 or a 10 in shoes size let us know", "I've been wearing this shoe for about 2 months now and I dont have anything negative to say about them. The stability and traction are great on them, and best of all is the cushioning and durability. I could drag my toes on the ground multiple times day after day and still would see very little damage. Highly recommended!", "Great deal fast delivery, thanks!", "Well, nike is always nice!  What can I say, I got this for my boyfriend, and he loves it. Everything as expected and described.", "I bought these shoes for a friend and she loved them. I wouldn't buy shoes for me online though, because I need to try them first.", "I had these cleats and I wear them during games and practices. I had Nike cleats before these and they were very durable and so are these", "The shoes are awesome, they are just like expect, the color is amazing and with a good material, it demonstrate the quality of nike shoes", "Fits perfectly; awesome for indoor soccer;I have a bit wide feet and took a day to break in.Love the control you have on the ball and the grip on non-wet floor.", "Fits well, very comfortable & excellent ball control. I would reccomend this product to any one who loves the sport.", "Unlike Adidas, Nike always had a fit problem. Other than that, seems that all Europe is using Nike's on the fields, at this time.", "helo my friend realy i wanna to tell u that shoes that i wear was very very very nice for meand i will bought 2 another continue with another new special thanks 4 u", "these are nice shoes I have problems with my foot and need a harder soul. These fit the bill thanks", "Like shoe very much", "I have been wearing the Air Pegasus exclusively for a few years now. Perfect as always.", "Love, love this walking/runny shoe...  Keep making them Nike", "Nike Lunar Glade is most perfect sport shoes I ever had.You just have to know exactly  what size you want and you will be very  satisfied about your request.Thank you!", "Washed them and after dry the bottom melted. First time it happens with any of my sneakers. I think these are fake.", "I ordered this in a 7.5 and typically that size of shoe fits fine. However, the only way I can wear this shoe is if I don't wear any socks at all, which is not optimum for me. Other than that, it is a comfortable shoe and doesn't bother my arch pain at all.", "shoes is just exactly what I've request.So you can try it  with no problem.You just have to know exactly size you want.Thank you!", "If my size 9.5 were available I would order two pairs immediately.", "Nike is the only brand that I know will absolutely fit my foot when I buy an 8M.  Once again, this has proved true, with a perfect fit right out of the box.  This time I was surprised by the shoe's light weight and its open-weave, breathable material used in the foot cover.  That makes them the most comfortable summer tennie I've ever had!", "These shoes are extremely comfortable. I received them as a birthday gift. The sizes run exact, so you don't have to be concerned about them not fitting you.They're more comfortable than my under armour running shoes,Definitely recommend them!", "I love these shoes. They are super comfortable and I love the colors. I have received many complements on them. Great price for Nike. Very happy customer.", "i love these runners, great price and beautiful colour, absolutely love them and they are so comfythank you so much!!", "My daughter is very happy with this wonderful Nike athletic shoes. It is as it is described in the item. Absolutely in Love with it.", "They are light-weight and comfortable, a great pair of shoes to throw on for running errands.  I did change the shoe laces to white, as the bright, neon orange was just not me.  But, they are really cute with the neon laces if that's your style.", "The shoes are beautiful they are feminine without being girly. Very comfortable and lightweight. I would definitely recommend to anyone.", "These shoes fit perfectly and the colors were super cute. The price and the quality of these shoes were great. So happy with my purchase!", "Great running shoe for a consistent runner. Lightweight and breathable. Bright colors are reflective when running at dusk or at night.", "Great product, I like the type of shoesand quality of the product, it fitted correctly. I use it almost everyday", "My favorite shoes ever! They're so light and comfortable and I've ran almost 100 miles in them and they still have life!", "I have searched and searched for shoes to wear as I do my Insanity workout. These are amazing! Fit perfect, love these and will buy another pair.", "These shoes are perfect for working out. They are fit, light and comfortable. they dont hurt my feet at all, but I did buy a 7 1/2 and I normally wear a 7.", "So confortables! Supportives! They have really improved my performance, I used them for boot camp and running. The only thing is that I bought them like 2 months ago and they already are showing some wear off signals!! Lets hope they last at least to the end of the year although I was specting they to last a whole year.", "Comfortable. Nice fit. Looks great. Who can give nike a bad review?", "I wear it for work everyday and I cannot be happier. I walk and stand all day and I don't feel any pain.", "These shoes are okay, I'd say they are good quality. They are a bit heavy on the feet, but I don't get tired in them. True to size, I just wish I should of saved my money on better Nikes.", "Not as much support as I would have liked but they are comfortable.  No doubt, I am happy with the purchase.", "The shoes are super comfy, and fit true to size.  I would definitely buy them again.  They are pretty cute on, too.  :)", "As far as socks go, these socks rock! So many people stop me to ask about my socks and I like that!", "Very good quality of material and my son enjoys them", "Decent socks - would buy again, would be really great if they were a bit big so it helps with not getting tanned :)", "I play basketball, golf and every other activity in these. My feet tend to get sore if I'm on them for a long period of time but not so much in these.", "These are very comfortable. Best for athletic people. You cold run all day with these. Unlike other socks. Buy these", "Very good and comfortable socks and they came faster than expected and that's good business thanks &#34;AplusAthletics&#34; I do appreciate!!! God bless!!!", "I have never worn Nikes because they were always to small and narrow - the LunarGlide series is not only not narrow it has an amazing arch that helps as well and you can't beat the colors - to date - red, orange, yellow, green,and blue - if they had purple I would buy those too ... awesome shoe!!!", "This running shoes is perfect for a long ride they are confortable and fit really great. Anyone could use it and the tecnology is great for stability.", "After several months of injuries I figured out it was the shoes I had bought last year from another manufacturer. I changed to these Nike Lunarglide shoes and the injuries disappeared. I back running as far as ever. The shoes are light, comfortable and very stable.", "Need I say more?  Best combination of support and cushioning of all the running shoes I have ever owned, period.", "These shoes fell apart in less than a month.  The seller and the manufacturer will not stand behind them and we are out the price of the shoes plus the aggravation of dealing with rude customer service reps who will not have the company replace defective products.  We will not buy Nike shoes ever again.", "Love these light sneakers!  They fit under the bones in my ankles.  Something that prevents me from buying so many sneaker brands and styles... The only complaint is that right at the end on top of the toe the green is starting to show through the black part.  I haven't done anything, like carrying weights or move furniture with my toes..lol so I don't know why it's wearing out there.. But other than that, they fit great.UPDATE:This is a one month later.  I also have about 5 or 6 other pairs of sneakers, FYI, so I don't wear these that much, even though, when I do, it could be for a week at a time.  I FINALLY noticed something weird about these sneakers.  I'm a busy person, and I don't really go into detail about products usually, nor do I look at my feet that much..lolBUT: The laces go from the toe to the ankle diagonally,  For example, on your right foot, if you look down, they start on the left side of your foot (by the toe) and go toward the outside of your leg (by ankle)... I'm not sure if this is an intentional \"design\" or if these were seconds, but I find it kind of strange, and not the most aesthetically pleasing, it looks like your feet are wider than they are.  But other than that, they still are comfortable, very comfortable.  I just hope people aren't looking at me feet wondering what that's all about.  And I wanted to let people know about it.", "This pair has been the single best pair of running shoes I have owns.  Super comfortable for runs 10 miles and below. I would not recommend this for a half or full marathon unless you run light on your feet.  I am 146 lbs and these seem to run low enough in the heel for the perfect run for my weight.  The show is not too stable if you are looking for stability.  I would recommend Mizuno's for more stability. but that's a different review.  Off the track, these are the most comfortable sneaker I have worn as a casual sneaker if you are going to be on your feet all day.", "I really enjoy my new sneakers, they are light weight and dry out very quickly and they seem to not hold bad foot odour.", "Just got these running shoes and they are Nice and comfortable. Look forward to using them. My last set didn't last long.", "These shoes are only $55.00 suggested retail and can be bought @ shoe carnival for $55.00", "These shoes can be bought @ shoe carnival for suggested retail price of $55.00", "it turns out that when buying nike's I am coming to need from half to one number bigger to what I usually am...", "Great shoes, size fit perfectly on my 10,5 US.Surprisingly lightweight, good arch support, cushioning satisfactory.Run for more than 100 km, no problem.I recommend!", "Too bad,  shoe was too small, not to many good looking shoes like this around.", "My husband has seen this one in one of the NIke outlets... said he's going to look at other stores for the same pair of shoes.  Unfortunately, he was not able to find it anywhere else... and the outlet where he found it, well, they didn't have it anymore.  I found it on your site... it came last Friday... and I saw the sweetest smile on his face... a belated birthday gift and an advance father's day gift... all in one.  He loves it.  Highly recommended.", "These shoes are perfect for my boyfriend who is constantly around the water. Also they are very comfortable, soft and we are going to purchase one more pair in a different color.", "The shoe looked good on picture and video but in reality this shoe is heavy and big. This shoe isn't comfortable for walk or running. I wouldn't recommend buying this shoe!", "Comfortable, no break-required, good Nike quality. Wow really? You really need fourteen more words to complete this survey? Wow Really?", "I love this shoe! It's great to wear during hit days, especially in the summer, because it's light, air flows into the show and it keeps your feet from sweating excessively. I use it when working out at home or going to the gym and it feels very comfortable. I wouldn't recommend using it while running on a dirt track because it's easy for dirt to get inside your shoes. When working out on hard surfaces or if looking for a comfortable shoe, I definitely recommend this one.", "I like it because it's very comfortable and helpful since I have to stay stand all the time at work , it's exultant !", "They were alright but I ordered them when I was in Afghanistan and theres nothing but gravel rocks everywhere and they got tore up in 3 months from walking around the COP in them.  Good indoor crossfit shoes and for running on pavement.", "i use them every day to run and go to the gym, these are perfect, are working very well for me so far.", "the item is light perfect for runningthey are te perfect coloryou do not have to wash them so oftenthanks", "Hubby was excited to get these shoes!  I ordered them for him as a birthday gift ans they arrived as expected on time! Shoes looked exactly like the pictures. Great running shoe!", "This is a very cool shoe. It is extremely confortable, and a pleasure to wear.It's very colorful and draws a lot of attention.", "I bought a pair of the Nike Duel Fusion in San Antonio when we were walking around town and all I had were flip flops and loved them. On our way home, someone stole them out of our car at a rest stop... I guess they needed shoes more than I did.I bought these to replace them and they are still my go-to pair of shoes.", "These are really light and breathable and are hands down the best running shoes I've ever owned. The whole marketing around the flexibility thing I thought at first was just some other gimmick Nike cooked up, but it actually does what is says. The shoe isn't rigid and if you pay attention you'll notice a discreet difference in the impact absorption when running or walking. The price makes it even more worth it and did I mention how nice they look?If I could think of a con, it would be that the paint used on the swoosh seems like it won't go the distance and will strip. I could be wrong though but either way it isn't a deal breaker. I recommend !", "Its always been difficult for me to buy comfortable fitting shoes since i have a wide foot , but these shoes fit great ! I would highly recommend buying from this seller. Shoes arrived ahead of time excellent service.", "These shoes are so hard to find in stores! Of course Amazon has them!! They are so comfortable! There's no need to break them in! You can wear them with no discomfort right out of the box! I refuse to wear any other kicks!!", "I bought these for my 7 yr old daughter, she absolutely loves them, she put them on right away and had to show everyone! They fit wonderfully and were just as described, shipping was also fast, thank you!", "This shoe is awesome! I love the fact that it super lightweight and super flexible. I'm a runner trying to get back in shape and my trail running Nike shoe was too much for the gym. This is perfect for working out and for running the treadmill. It is not tight around the feet, and it hasn't caused any blisters on me - I got a size 7.5. I love the color too, it's vibrant and fun and it makes you want to work out more! If you are looking for a shoe with a lot of support, I wouldn't recommend this shoe, however, if you are looking for that shoe that doesn't have all the extras, just a light, simple support shoe for working out in the gym, this is perfect. The quality of the shoe is great, very durable, been using it for a month and a half. I'll say this though, the seller is selling this style higher than the price going for on Nike.com... and doesn't have Nike sensor that most shoes do... maybe it's the color? Shop around to see if this the best priced in Amazon or elsewhere. However, if color is a priority, I don't see this color any where else.", "This is not the first Mesh Nike Swoosh Dri-Fit cap I own... I have a white one with  black swoosh and a black one with a yellow swoosh. this one was the Dark Gray with the Orange bottom color and swoosh... Just as I expected it's ULTRA comfortable even in the heat and sweat and looks fantastic.", "This is a Great Shoe! Gives the foot a lot of support. It is very comfortable to wear and my grandson loves the look.", "He doesn't like shoestrings and he only wanted one velcro strap not two.  The Nike Free Run shoes were perfect for him.  A bit spendy for a 7 yr old, but they fit great, look great and hopefully he won't grow out of them too quickly.", "This sneaker fits my boy wonderfully and he loves the colors and especially the Nike symbol.  He thinks it resembles lasers.", "My husband has 2 of these, and he's very picky when it comes to quality. Both have been washed dozens of times and they still remain like new. Very happy with this find.", "I bought these for my son so he could have the same shoe I had, after 6 months they're still alive and well.  But everyone thinks we are Miami Dolphins fans for some reason.Go Cowboys!!!", "I was a bit worried about the fit for my son.  He wears 5.5 in other NIKE shoes and these were a bit bigger, but a good fit since his foot is still growing like crazy.  Great price. Easy to order.", "My 8 year old is BIG into soccer and he wanted a new pair of indoor soccer shoes. He found these on Amazon all by himself and saved up his money to purchase them. They were a great price for the shoe. My son is really hard on shoes, he plays hard every day and they don't normally last but these ones have lasted several months and they are still in great condition. He loves the bright colors and gets regular compliments on them which makes him smile :)", "I Loved them I found them very useful in basketball. They made me jump higher and run faster Thank YOU.", "Great pair of boots. My daughter was in love with the color will be buying another pair this year. Great", "my granddaughter liked the shoes, although she already had a similar pair from North Face that she liked much better.", "purchased for my DS and he loves these boots. had to tell him to stop wearing them as the weather finally broke and it became to warm. Purchased a half size larger so that they can be used next winter. great boot for kids as they are sturdy and can withstand a lot. (especially little boys who can be rough on shoes) great buy, fast shipping.", "excelente producto", "Very nice sneakers , it fits very well and it's like as described", "im a size 7 in womens and these fit pretty good. they are a little thick but they hold up well.", "My 9 year old son wanted these socks so badly.  Apparently they are all the rage with the teenagers.  Bought these for him and he loves them.  They wear and wash well.  Very happy with my purchase.", "We purchased these socks at a sports store in town  and the only size they had turned out too big when we got home.  So we found the correct size online.  They arrived as promised and fit perfectly.  Thank you!  My grandson was thrilled when the truck pulled up with the package!!", "I have a very picky 7 year old that insists on longish black socks.  He loves them and does not complain about the stitches like he did with the Hanes.", "The boys love the thickness without being hot, I love how they don't fade and neither droop or are too tight", "The cool thing for my 9 yr old son to wear right now!!  Everyone has a pair.  Washes up well!", "These socks wear and wear.  I bought the multipack and my kid has worn them over and over.  Even with repeated washings they have not faded, stretched or raveled.", "I was expecting a normal size, turned our to be BABY socks. I couldn't contact seller and had to end up paying for it. Threw them out.", "great deal great price. What else can I say it's socks", "My husband ordered several of these shirts and he loves them. They are very comfortable, and are great to wear on hot days (especially if you sweat a lot). Love them.", "MY SON DID NOT HAVE TO BREAK THE SHOES IN AND HE JUST WORE IT RIGHT AWAY.  WOULD BUY AGAIN.", "THE SIZE (6) WAS LARGE.THE FEEL, THE LOOK, & THE QUALITY MISSED ITS MARK.WE DID RETURN THE NIKE.", "Best shoe I ever had. Best design n fit me well. Cheap and good. will be getting more for mmyy children from selerr", "My son love these shoes. The size, the color, and the price was perfect for him. Wants to order more stuff now.", "this sneaker had a hole in it in like 6 weeks. The more expensive NIKE kicks last A LOT longer for me.", "I use this bag to carry my gear for after-office use, because it will be wastage of time to go home, change and get back to the gym for exercise. It has already saved me hours. The compartment helps to keep the more wet things in one and the rest in the other.", "Nike isnt what they used to be. I loved nike products because they seemed to be designed by athletes so they always seemed to have that something extra. Not anymore ! i purchased this bag and a similar bag made by adidas. The difference was night and day . Granted i was just looking for a light bag to use when i go biking and this bag does everythig that i need it to BUT when the adidas bag came it really put this bag to shame. If your in need of a bag i highly suggest you forget this bag and check out the adidas bag , you will not be sorrry!!", "My HS son chose this because he has other Nike products and loves the color and design. We'll see how long it lasts.", "exactly what i needed. great colors. great length. comfortable to wear on my back.", "Great", "Great bag, well made, love that I can carry it back pack style and is divided inside.", "I bought this bag for my boyfriend because he goes to the gym everyday and he loves it. It holds all the essentials quite nicely and even opens up to fit in enough clothes. The quality is great and you can adjust it to a comfortable level.", "They are very nice shoes but they do cost a lot for an old style shoe wish they were a little less cost so that we could own all colors", "I have now run with these shoes three times, and I think they have completely changed my running game.  My shin splints are gone!  My stride has become more comfortable.  After a 7-miler, I have no pain!  Lovin' the new shoes!", "so glad i finally copped this fine shoe. This shoe is a perfect fit and I got it for the right price. took less than a week for them to come and I am extremely happy with my purchase and hope to do more business with soleplace soon", "Jordan's are hands-down best shoes to play basketball in. They were out of my size (half size smaller) so that is why they are a little big. Other than that I love them.", "I bought this item from seller: SHOOPOPThey ship SUPER fast. Ordered it right before the holiday and they shipped it FedEx NextDay for FREE! Now that's service.The shoe fits kinda tight, so if you have wide feet, this shoe might not be for you. Hopefully it expands while I break it in. *crossing fingers*", "The size of the shoe was wayyyy off.  I always get 11.5 in Nike Kobe shoes and it said it was 11.5 but it was super small so now i have these shoes i can't wear.", "I really purchase this shoes to my son, He and I run three days a week and recently we participate on \"10K - Ruta de las Iglesias\" the most beautiful race on Ecuador, my Son said, his shoes where spectacular.", "Nice shirt and feels comfortable and it represents me an uptown soldier", "The socks are not what I expected, they are just ordinary same as the store bought. Not what I was looking for.", "I needed some more socks because I have been short on Nikes lately, and I wanted some that were just like the ones I have at home. Turned out they were and they fit perfectly.", "I own over 3 pairs of this style Nike and these are my favorite. Great neon pink color, great support for feet, and they last long. I wear a size 8 but would recommend a half size bigger for extra comfort. They also shipped on time and came in perfect condition.", "I was kind of reluctant on the color, but I like Dunks so much I couldn't resist.As with all Dunks, they fit my feet perfectly, and they do look kinda cool.Very comfortable, very adaptable, great ankle support, and strong soles.That's what matters with me, anyway.Two thumbs up!", "Fits exactly to nike sizing, and is overall great. May experience some heel slippage on turns, mostly due to having little structure to lock down the heel to the shoe. Its difficult to tighten the shoe in the arch to lock it in, although with the free ride thats to be expected. I just wish my foot didn't slide around as much as what it does in this shoe.", "These shoes are extremely comfortable. I have been running in them since January and have no major issues with them. I had to &#34;break them in&#34; the first few weeks but I suppose that's expected with any new pair of shoes. I wish they had a real tongue though. These are slip ons and I didn't know that when I purchased them. I suppose it's not that big of a deal but for some reason that really bothers me... hence the four star. Otherwise, I love the color. People compliment me on them all of the time. They are very light on my feet. I have had no pains or aches from them and I am running the Boston 10k on Sunday. My longest run in these were 5 mi, I suppose 6 will not make that huge of a difference.", "I absolutely LOVE these shoes, there so comfortable and  the colors are my fav! the only problem i have with these shoes is they do run small so make sure you get at least half a size bigger then you normally would! i got the shoes before my estimated shipping date and im very happy with them!", "This model only sells for $29.99 in Nike factory outlet now! Amazon's price can buy three pairs of it. The price should be adjusted.", "It was shipped on time, everything else was okay.But one of the shoe laces was very dirty, looked like it was burnt or something.", "I love these shoes. they last a long time and are easy to clean. They look good all the time.", "These were very hard to find once they sold out in retail stores (this colorway). If you could find them sellers were charging you north of $130. So I was ecstatic I found them and for retail price $55. They came on time brand spanking new. Happy camper", "I bought these for my nephew. He had his first three games with it just last week and they performed very well. These are used mainly in wood surfaces, not in concrete, and they really 'grab' it giving good traction.", "I ALREADY KNEW THAT THESE SHOES RUN 2 SIZES TOO SMALL.  I AM A SIZE 11 AND ORDERED THE SIZE 13.  FITS PERFECT.  THE SELLER DELIVERED THESE SHOES IN TWO DAYS AND I AM THRILLED WITH BOTH THE SELLER AND THE SHOES.  ***DEFINITELY ORDER 2 SIZES LARGER THAN YOU NORMALLY ARE***", "i love these sneakers. but you should get a half size bigger then your normal size, they are cut tight! but they came right on time.", "I recently, and perhaps a little prematurely, retired my Nike Air Max Turbulence 16+ and thought I would give the lunar series a whirl.  For the price $60 price point, I figured it was worth a shot.  In researching this shoe a bit, it was fairly well reviewed, and offered an entry level (89$?) option in the lunar line.Unfortunately, it's become quite clear that a $120 pair of Max Turbulences are very different from a $60 pair of entry level running shoes. I'm not sure how well the heel support works, since I don't run heel toe anymore.  The shoe seems decently made, but the upper doesn't flex particularly well, and the liner doesn't do a particularly good job of securing my heel in place.Overall, it's a pretty shoe, but it's no running shoe.", "Very good choice to play outdoor.I recommend to choose the next size you use usually because they are a little bit narrow.", "These sneakers are quite comfortable and stylish.If you're into sneakers and into Nikes; these are a must have.They also Did not take long to be shipped to me and I had no hassle at all.", "very light weight and feels great. i am a runner and i use these socks for my cross country races for the style of course but they really do feel great", "I could find these for 200 on soccer.com, these are the first color the new ones go for less than what you're advertising it for. Rip off!", "We tried to buy these here on Amazon, but my son's size was already sold out so we got them from soccer.com.  He bought his regular cleat size because he has other Nikes and knows how they fit.These are the most expensive cleats he's ever owned, but they are VERY nice and he can feel the difference of the light weight and aerodynamic construction.  The description above indicates that wearing them in muddy conditions is not best, so if you can wear these as your best pair and keep another backup pair for rainy games/mud you might want to do that.The color is called mango--it looks like a neon coral.  They are sharp looking and help you leap tall buildings in a single bound, BUT the refs will definitely see every move you make, so play inside the lines.These are worth it for my son at this time.  The feel is terrific.  Your main consideration might be finding a similar shoe for a little less money if you buy cleats really often.One final note:  if you wear one brand that you like that is NOT Nike, try these in a store before you buy online.  We've bought a few different brands and Nike fits my son best so we're now comfortable buying online.", "this nike tiempo mystic iv are perfectcomfortable, amazing design and very strongif you wanta shoe to kick and be durabk&iquest;le this will be perfect for you", "This shoe is very comfortable and durable. Perfect for heavy exercising or just for everyday use. Unfortunately it has been discontinued so I was lucky enough to be able to find this one shoe online.", "A replacement gift, this wallet is stylish and good quality. It is beautifully flat (no coin compartment) which was the main requirement and quite striking.", "This great wallet. The leather is perfect it great if your looking for a slim, nice wallet. Before i had a apline swiss wallet, and this wallet is ten times better", "Love this shoe!!!! The color is absolutely perfect, like a very bright, electric pink, which is very hot this season. I wear this shoe to the gym and get compliments EVERY time! They are very eye catching. Definitely has made going to the gym a little more fun ;) Although I did not get this shoe from Amazon.com, it was still the same price for me at the shoe store I got them from. I would recommend this shoe to anyone who's looking to put a little color in their gym shoe collection. They come true to size and are very comfortable for me.", "Tight fit not made for wide foot but matches a color scheme that i have created and it is a Jordan brand Nike shoe so reliable.", "The shoes were good quality and looked great enough to make a teenager happy (and stay happy for months so far, which is saying something). We did have a hiccup with delivery but Amazon took care of the problem within a day or two. It is nice to see a company as customer focused as Amazon.", "Fits true to size but very narrow toe box. Had them on for few hours before I had to take them off.", "I bought these a while back, and I must say: these are the most durable, comfortable, and performing shoe I've ever worn to work out in. I love these and I will always stick with the Nike Free series.", "Me gustar&iacute;a que le agregaran un bolsillo interior. Muy pr&aacute;ctico y bonito, el logo se ve muy bien y tiene un buen tama&ntilde;o.", "Nike holds up well for my teenage sons.  They where the different styles year around as do my husband and I.", "was not aware they ran just a bit small so extended wear made my feet sore..but overall amazing sneaker can be used for many occasions if worn correctly", "Great shoes good for the price too and most of all the seller promised of delivery fullfiled well. Highly recommended to all baskelball lovers.. This is the one for you guys... Very comfortable.", "extremely comfortable shoes. great color. great amount of cushion and support with out the extra weight. Went from Reebok real flex to these. No comparison. I recommend. Besides its not that expensive either. I say do it.", "LEBRON 9'S ARE THE BEST LEBRONS IN MY OPINION. I ONLY OWN 9 AND 10'S BUT THESE ARE THE BEST LOOKING DEFINITELY AND THE 9' ARE ALSO MORE COMFARTABLE THAN THE 10'S", "My husband absolutely loves these. They are very well made, so they're worth the money. But they're Jordans so you already knew that. These are actually the second pair my husband got of these. He already had a black pair and really wanted these grey ones to go with other outfits. He says they are extremely comfortable. He'd buy them in every color if I'd let him! ' Definitely a good buy every time.", "We searched for days to find sunglasses to replace some my husband had worn for over 5 years.  He's very particular so when we found these we ordered as soon as we could.  Thanks so much.", "Super comfy, look great and are perfect for golf. Don't even remember I'm wearing them, plus the interchangeable lenses are a nice feature.", "Nice sun glasses,  Arrived quickly but got stung for import tax :(.  These are the 3rd pair of Nike Skylon sunglasses I've owned, every, the last 2 pairs lasted for 6+ years and are still going strong.", "I am very happy with my purchase. Item came ahead of time and exactly what I ordered. This is my second pair of Nike's my last pair lasted me for 7 years and I still have them. Nike's are very light weight and comfortable especially when worn for long periods of time. I could never go back to cheap sunglasses as they just end up giving me a headache. I Would definitely do business with Paris Miki Optical again.", "Improves vision, cuts the glare.  They do not help with seeing a cell phone or gps that is a draw back, but they do help read greens and judge distance.", "Convenient, easy and elegant. Already bought two pairs, one on a summer apartment, a second -at home, in Russia. I was surprised that when my size 11.5D, which is identical for all footwear manufacturers, including Reebok & Skechers, these shoes come only 12D, and then close.", "Oh! This pair of shoes. I'm so glad that my dear husband loved it. I bought this for him as an advance gift for Father's Day. this shoes can match any outfit coz it's colored black and the gloden swoosh is eye-catching. It's just so versatile. It's sporty, can also be casual, can  just be worn day or night, rain or shine coz it's made of thick materials. You should buy this also if you have basketball-fanatic hubbies or bf.  :)", "Love these shoes because they're great for playing ball, and also go great for just wearing out.  They look great and feel great also.  Like most Nikes, they run a little tighter than most shoes, but the right fit is very comfortable.  The airbag on the bottom does more than just look good, you can feel the extra support as it never feels like you're actually walking on pavement.", "My son loves these.  They fit as expected.  You get what you are paying for, no hidden surprises.  They look good on him.", "very confortable shoes for excercise", "The classic Nike Huarache runner returns, adding Nike Free and Nike + technology. One of Nike's most revered 90s designs made even better by the tech updates. Great fit, breathability and wonderful materials make for a must have sneaker.", "Get compliments and looks all the time, super comfortable and look great. I would recommend these shoes to any avid fan of ken griffey jr, baseball, or just shoe collector/fanatic in general.", "I was in the market for slippers, and this product appeared once I typed in an inquiry.  Being a admirer of Nike, I was drawn in.  I first tried to find a cheaper price, on and off line, but was unsuccessful.  I surmised that they were from last years stock, so I ordered two pair.  The shipping was $20.00 for one pair and $30.00 for two.  I opted for 2 pair.  I was surprised to learn they were being shipped from Taiwan when I checked tracking.  That explained the outrageous shipping fee...or so I thought.  Anywho, the shoes arrived in good time.  I was extremely pleased when I opened the first box.  The look and feel was perfect and the comfort level was great.  But when I opened the second box. I found an inch of typing paper along with the shoes.  There was a letter attached explaining that the paper was necessary to reduce price of shipping.  This is totally ridiculous!  I felt ripped off!  I ordered yet a third pair.  Shipping dropped to $9.99.  I can't find a rational explanation for this, but beware.  Are the shoes worth it?  It depends on how much you love Nike and how much you like to be screwed.", "Great shoe for playing basketball. Fits true to size. My 11-yr old loves these tennis shoes.", "Shittest company ever the shoes fell apart like 4 days later after getting them. The seller sucks they will not help you at all. Seriously do not waste your money. Contacted the company several times they only responsed twice and now will not talk to me. They are not real nikes nikes dont fall apart after maybe 30 hrs of wearing them. I am going to report them to U.S. Customs and if amazon does not help me ill never buy again from them they are half responsible since they agreed to let this joke of a company sell on there website.  Please help amazon fix this issue.", "My grandson loved the Nike Rolling backpack.  It's  much lighter and easier to manage than the one he'd been using!", "My son was just starting middle school and needed a backpack that was versatile, sturdy and resilient.  This backpack offers all of those items and more.  The back straps are easy to remove to help you when you want to roll the back; however, in a few clicks can be used as a normal back pack.  The material and zippers are very strong.  My son loves this backpack and rolls it more than he carries it.  The wheels are durable even when he rolls it over gravel.  I would recommend this product!", "Yeah, I made sonic the hedgehog shoes from these! They're fairly comfy once you break them in, the high top is a little uncomfortable to sit in sometimes, and the inner sole kind of wears out quickly, but good all around imo", "I have a black pair of these (at least I THINK the '06 version) that I've been wearing about a year and a half that I love. They were so comfortable I decided to also get a pair in white (this exact shoe). They seem more snug than the last pair, but they are also pretty comfortable.Recently after watching an &#34;Honest Movie Trailer&#34; I realized this may be the shoe worn by Forrest Gump in his cross-country trek. Not sure if that means it's a great shoe that holds up for miles and miles or I have a limited mental capacity.But anyway. Good shoes, Nike. That's all I got to say about that.", "I bought this pair for my seven years old kid for school and he loves it so much that he wears it every day. They look great but the better about these is their comfortability: so light, so comfort, so great.SORRY FOR MY ENGLISH. I LIVE IN A SPANISH LENGUAGE COUNTRY", "Because of the popularity of Jeremy Lin Nike allowed people to create with their NIKEID program a hyperfuse(not hyperdunk) with orange and blue colors and Lin's name on the tongue of the shoe.  If you don't believe what I say about the shoe then feel free to look it up online.  There are plenty of articles explaining that Nike didn't make an actual shoe for him, and the shoe they made available to be created was only for the hyperfuse style(which is popular amongst NBA players).", "Great flip flops and very comfortable.", "This thong has a rubber strap that rubs in between your toes and rubs them raw. Evil Evil fip flop. You were warned!", "Very nice air force ones nice blue color. The shipment came fast. It's worth buying. I will make another purchase", "I just bought these shoes and the package arrived two days sooner than the estimated time of arrival! :) Was a great surprise, I love the colors, the pink shows up ok online but now that theyre on my feet right now, they pop so bright! The soul provides great shape and support for my foot, (I have wide feet, size 8, and the kind of mesh white material you see on the toes and sides lets my toes breath when I walk or run around. They came in perfect condition, were packaged in the nike orange box and stuffed stiffly with paper, and were boxed and taped up again. The part I was most concerned about was the back of the shoe and if it would rub against my ankle as I walked, but it doesn't! And I wear very short low socks. The tongue of the shoe is very flexible but doesn't shift to the side, and it comes pre-laced for you already! I was jumping up and down even before I put them on, I wear a size 8 normally, and it gives like a half an inch space up for my toes so they are a perfect fit!I am 19, I jog and walk and run alot, I live in palm beach county FL where it's hot, and these keep my feet cool in every way!! Thanks!", "Great buy!!! Very happy and comfortable fit!!", "I like these kicks because they really make me feel like I'm walking on air. They are also stylish and you will defiantly have heads turning, on and off the court.", "After a long waiting time, my shoes came and they're wonderful. We had some problems because we live in Brazil and taxes became higher than we thought. But, Id4shoes solved our problems in a good way. They were great, answering all e-mails I sent and trying to make the best for consumer. Thanks for all your patience!", "I bought three pair of these shorts.  They're nice and light, and they are an athletic fitting shorts but don't look like it. I wasn't sure if they were golf shorts or what, but I wear them all the time in the various styles and colors they offer. I bought mine at the Nike store, but now that I've found them on Amazon, I'll be picking up a few more.  You'll love them.", "i bought this style of shoe about 5 years ago to teach Zumba classes.  they were on sale, so i went ahead and bought 4 maybe 5 pairs.  i have switched between them all for the last 5 years and they have taken a lot of wear.  i never wear my dance shoes out of the studio.  These are much snazzier looking than my old ones, they really stand out.  They fit the same and feel the same as the ones i originally bought.  i have a wider foot and nike normally does not work for me, but these fit.  i have high arches and use 3/4 rigid inserts and gel heel cups for heel pain.  they all fit in the shoe.  i use a thin to medium thickness sock, i have tried just thin with these.  i have used them on wood and carpet already, and they work great.  i could tell how worn out and compressed my old ones were.  These shoes may not be for everybody, but they work for my rigid non flexible high arched foot with some arthritis, neuromas, and heel pain.", "I have waited 10 years for Nike to remake this SHOE, You will love the way this shoe fits and feels. A must buy for runners", "By them half a size to big and they fit perfectly for cutting and custom footbed. Normally I have trouble with Nike cleats being too narrow but these fit really well. In normal shoes I use US 8.5 and these fit me in a US 9.0.", "i love these shoes. i have gotten so many compliments on them and talked to others with different colors. out of everyone i asked, my price was the lowest and i stilll got the great authentic nike product.", "These shoes fit well, and don't leave my feet aching. I would recommend them for anyone looking for a comfortable, fashionable running shoe.", "ESTOS ZAPATOS SON PARA MI HERMANO Y ESTA MUY CONTENTO CON EL PRODUCTO, LLEGARON A MI PAIS SIN NOVEDAD Y MUY A TIEMPO.", "This is the first pair of Nike shoes that I was able to find that fits properly in ages.  They're very comfortable, and they absorb the majority of the shock when I run.  To top it off, they actually look decent for a running shoe!  Unfortunately the right shoe started squeaking on the second day, and a week later, the left shoe started in.  The noise level is getting worse, not better, and I noticed that the clear air pocket thingy in the heal is collecting white debris.5 stars for performance/looks/comfort3 stars for noise (I can hear it over my headphones, even when the volume is high!)I'm taking these back to see if I can get a pair that's not so musical.  A bit of research done online seems to indicate that Nike is known for such issues, however.", "The shoes are nice looking and starting to breaking. During the first couple of runs the sides where a little snug. Only down side is the price is high, may want to wait or look for similar product at lower price.", "This is an awesome product from Nike.  As no one is a size zero in my house (how can zero be a size?) and rather proud of our muscles. Scrawny was 'in' during the twenties.  Just do it.", "Good look comfort is good too. But the mesh on the shoe will rip. if youre gonna get thes, get the supreme versions.", "I'm from Pittsburgh so things 'black and yellow' naturally appeal to me.  But this pair of Nike's is naturally comfortable as well.  I use them for everyday activities - not necessarily as a running shoe - but for everyday walking / jogging / playing b-ball - they work fine - and a very reasonable price.  Thanks!", "These Shoes are beyond my expectations! The colors just pop! The red is very bright and so is the orange tongue, these are definitely an attention grabber. and worth every cent i paid for them.", "I had been a die-hard Oakley wearer for a long time. My most recent Oakleys were the Flak Jacket. I liked them well enough but was never a fan of the straight ear piece/temple that Oakley has. When you wear a hat you either have to jam them under the hat or stretch them over.Then I noticed a lot of baseball players wearing these Nike sunglasses that were similar to the Oakleys but with more traditional temples.So, I recently lost my pair of Flak Jackets so I figured it was time to give these a try. I couldn't be happier. They are a more comfortable fit (with and without a hat on) both on the ears and nose. The Nike's are a little lighter weight and cover a bit more of my eyes.I got the pair with the Max Speed tint and I love it. Perfect for driving and just about anything. Even on overcast days they increase the contrast. They come with a 2nd set of lenses that I haven't tried yet, but they look pretty good.Overall, a much better value than Oakleys", "Great glasses for fans of wayfarers and frog skins.  They have a good weight but aren't tight. I fell in love with them immediately.  (Purchased at a Nike outlet)", "Very friendly customer service! Excellent pair of sunglasses with good price! I have searched local stores but couldn't find a pair with such good quality and price.", "First, I want to say that I have a pair of Nike sunglasses that look just like the pic that I love.  They have a little crack, so I thought I was purchasing the same/ similar model.  The frames come off as a gunmetal color in the picture, but they are more of a flat black in person.  My current model is much nicer.  They are worth the price for someone who likes the black frames with blue lenses.", "These r the best purchase I've every made.  But since my last purchase it's hard to find my size", "I have short wide feet so it's a relief I can find these on Amazon.  It's hard finding 8 4e's in stores as most do not stock them.  For the appearance of the sneaker they look like the Heaven's gate cult member shoes but oh well I like them despite the stigma that black nikes may or may not have to some people.", "They were tight so I just had to walk in them a day or two to break them in other than that they fit fine.", "I'ts delivered fine and i am happy about the quality too.Thanks.", "Not sure what else to write but my boyfriend loves the shoes. It was exactly like the one we saw at WSS and about $10 cheaper. The shoe was described perfectly. Very well made.", "They are really pretty shoes, the have a lot of style, they combine with every clothes i use, and they are really strong.", "I purchased this hat for my 4 year old son.  The color is bright and the hat is well made.  It fits his head perfectly!  I am very pleased with product.", "It didn't fit my 3 yr old and it is not adjustable.", "Fits my 2 1/2 year old with room to spare plus he looks absolutely adorable in it &#128536; it's his new favorite go-to hat", "My son is very fair skinned, so we needed a versatile hat to keep him out of the summer sun. This hat is perfect! It's very comfortable, and provides just enough shade for his face. Plus, it's absolutely darling! I love the pop of color with the neon swosh, and they gray goes with everything. Great purchase!", "I love hats on my son, when I saw this hat on Amazon I knew it'd be a great buy. In gave it four stars because I thought it was a little pricey for what you get and it not be an Amazon Prime product. But looks great on my son, good colors and seems sturdy good buy.", "Excellent quality, fits as expected. The skin on these shoes is not quite as forgiving as on the hypervenoms, and the cleat pattern is a little more aggressive. Longer cleats in the back are good on longer / softer grass. But for me, that is perfect.", "Size a bit smaller", "Excellent shoes for a great price. Fit as expected and are easy to keep clean and new looking.", "We like the shoe but Can we return and get a bigger size please it is to small and we need a size bigger", "My experience with these shoes was great because I like their design and are comfortable and lightweight feel while running", "i absoulty love these cleats. they are great feeling and looking. they do get really dirty easily though. but most cleats do. mine got really smelly so i got another pair to switch on and off between the two to help them air out", "Not much to be said here from a happy customer. These are simply the best turf soccer shoes I've ever owned. Period.", "I RECIEVED THE NIKE MENS MERCURIAL VICTORY IV IN PERFECT CONDITION IN THE PRICE AND THE TIME LIKE I BUY, TAHNK VERY MUCH", "My son size is 9 1/2 and it fits perfect. The quality of the material is perfect and he loves them.", "I recommend these shoes to anyone. They are extremely comfortable and have a great feel and response. It was a great purchase.", "I bought them for my son, he had chosen them by himself. They are beautiful, very comfy and light, easy to play while wearing and meet all my son's expectations. He's happy with the purchase!After three months of wearing them for his games the soles have been worn to holes) in the toe area - that's very disappointing, I didn't expect that at all from Nike!  So I have to buy another pair again :(", "i bought these shoes for my off season off soccer so i can play in the gym and other places and i love them. they are extremely comfortable and light weight and extremely colorful! good job nike!", "We have owned several pair (5-6) of versions of this shoe and normally they are excellent - they last on average 6-9 months.This pair at 15 hours of wear (about 6 weeks old), the toe box started to pull away from the sole, rendering the shoes unusable.At >$180.00 per pair, this is unacceptable life for any shoes.If I could give this experience 0 stars, I would.Amazon and their 3rd party vendor - Soccerest - need to replace the shoes.", "These shoes work great for my 17 year old daughter.  She has a high arch and orthotics so she has room to put her orthotic into the boot and it still fits.  It is a nice deep boot which still gives her ankle protection with the orthotic in it.  Happy to find a shoe that works for her and her many hours of soccer fun so she can play without pain.", "he shoes good and is a beutiful .. confortable and amazing.. the texture and the colors spectacular  i recomend this shoes....", "I'm normally not a fan of buying cleats on line since fit can be an issue with my wide feet. These were for my son who has the same wide foot issue. I took a chance since I had seen some good reviews but there were no local resellers. They fit perfectly and have held up through spring season with little wear (played on turf). Here's hoping his feet don't get larger during the fall season where he'll be playing on grass and turf.", "Perfect fit and they look amazing. Prepare to stand out from a mile away. They run bit smaller, maybe like half a size smaller or less, when comparing them with the Nike T90 FG outdoor cleats. If you are like me and you like your indoor boots to be tight, for better control and feel when your striking the ball, it shouldn't  be a problem for you. If you don't intend to use them to play and are you're just looking for stylish looking indoor shoe to wear with a jean and a jersey, then I would suggest you add half a size to your normal size for a more comfortable fit.", "Faster deliver, good price, fits perfectly... It looks exactly as I was expecting it...definitly a good choice...thank you", "the delivery was on time . in my opinion it is not worth that price , un comfortable  and ugly it looks way better in the picture", "Great pair of shoes, look nice in the court or with jeans in the mall. The fit is small and tight so order 1 size larger than your other shoes", "Great hat and was just a little big so he can ware it for awhile.", "Most comfortable shoe I have had in long time on my 4th pair of this style. Work in them everyday", "Because this pair of shoes is really ..a great shoe to wear...Highly recomended to buy this product, to my family it's very dificult to find nice and comfortable shoes due the place where we live....Many Thanks for give the pleasure to buy good productos on line .Pata", "I bought these for my girlfriend, and she says they have an excellent fit, and an excellent touch for the ball. She also really likes the bright colors!", "They broke in very well for her and fit just right.  Finding the leather shoes for less helps, they just wear better.", "First off i would like to say that this is the cutest pair of cleats i have ever owned. I Loved the colors especially because i have an obsession w. purple but the thing is the sizes run a little small so when i first put my foot in it it was really tight on my feet, but i thought it was because i had just bought it but not necessarily the case, I've had it for a few weeks now and i practice in them but they still feel tight especially with my soccer socks and shin guards and ankle protector. So just a small suggestion before you buy this don't buy your actual size by a half size bigger or something like that. But with all that said i still really like the cleats.", "Lunarglide 4 rocksWould like to buy more of them with many different colors.Nike, please sell more color variety to use as walking shoes.", "Best running shoes I've ever worn! I wish there were other colors available. Really glad I was able to find them on Amazon.", "These shoes are super comfy, and call attention to you wherever you are. If you wanna make a statement these are a perfect fit for you!", "This product was perfect, my teenage son loves them and he is not easy to please!  I've also heard him get several compliments on them.  Everyone thinks we paid a fortune for them but they were very decently priced!", "This is the perfect shoe for anyone of any age. I picked these up and I am breathless. Although the box came In a little abused the shoes were fine. They provide a soft cushioned ride and are very comfy. I just recently had the Nike free 3.0v5 and those were a little better but for the price, it was with it. I got the frees for 110$ and these for 45$!!!!!! Great buy! Highly reccomend!", "I bought this shoe for my teenage son, he loves them! but I paid $100 bucks for these &#34;Nike's&#34; and after him wearing them for less than a day, the toes color is starting to wear or &#34; chip&#34;, if u will.....I've owned a lot of Nike's and never had this problem, to me they seem like a Chinatown knockoff.", "Excellent for my workout routine, very comfortable and feels great as I do my routines in the gym.  I like it.", "This was a birthday gift for my husband.  He has started to run more often and I decided he needed a better shoe for his 6'2&#34;-220lb frame.  They fit him perfectly and he loves how light they are.  He never had that breaking in period either.  He is usually a size 12 to 12 1/2 in a tennis shoe and I got the 12.  I would say these are great for the average runner (2-3 times a week).", "Shoe offers an unusual combination of stability plus light weight and responsiveness.  Shoe is also comfortable  -  no break-in was needed.", "Have had these before and liked them. would buy again", "These have replaced them nicely.  The heel feels solid and secure but the toe box is nice and open.  Great running so far.", "Fit perfectly, especially for women with narrower feet and are very comfortable. I bought a second pair which I've never done before.", "Love these shoes I have a Gym outfit that matches perfectlyThey are very comfortable and are great whether I am running or doing Pump or Body Combat Classes", "Needed new running shoes and bought these because my old Shox were hurting my heels. These are absolutely great they solved the problem and feel completely weightless on my feet!! The colors are exactly as shown absolutely beautiful, vibrant, and compliment my skin tone (olive skin) perfectly!!!!!", "Was a gift for my significant other and she loved them and fit as her other ones did.  Came on time as expected as well.", "Worth every penny! This shoe is extremely comfortable and very stylish. I love running in these shoes. I would defiantly buy them again.", "Great fit and as expected for Nike.  Durable to date for running.", "Nike Women's Nike Air MAX 2013 Running Shoes are Amazing!I loving walking and running on these shoes! They are super comfortable and I love the color! It is a bit expensive, but worth every penny!", "This shoe is very comfortable.  I usually wear an 8 to 8 1/2 .  I ordered a 9 in this shoe and it fits great.  I really like the looks of the shoe.", "I love everything about these Shox! They are super cute, comfortable, and motivate me to workout!! :) A great product!", "Sneakers WERE very comfortable. But one day as I was tightening the shoe, the lace ripped right through the lace \"eye-hole\" because, like the tongue of the shoe, it is made of a thin rubber material.  So disappointing to pay so much for shoes and then have them break. I re-laced the shoe to bypass the broken eye but its no longer comfortable. Will not spend that amount of money on a shoe again.", "I love Nike shoes. I use them for running and for working. These are a great fit and I love the colors.", "I wore these shoes quite a bit on a recent vacation and got lots of compliments on them.  I was surprised since I usually don't get compliments on my running shoes.  I tend to wear these shoes more for daily use than actual jogging, but they are okay to jog in when I need to use them for that.", "I'm a RN & on my feet all day. These shoes are lightweight & provide lots of support. I would highly recommend a pair.", "cumple con la calidad ofrecidaexactamente igual como se ve en las fotoscomodidadllego a tiemposin ningun inconvenientemeets the quality offeredexactly the same as seen in the photoscomfortarrive on timewithout any inconvenience", "Great looking shoe!  Comfortable although it felt slightly large. I'm typically an 8/8.5 women's, but Nike tends to run small so I was a little surprised. All in all, VERY happy with the sneaker. Love Nike", "Great fit for me and I do like the colors on this pair with the gray and yellow trim.  Goes with anything.  I haven't tried cleaning them yet, but I do use protective spray on he fabric.  Comfortable for fast walking.", "I had a problem finding wide sneakers.....I am a 8 Wide.....MY foot is wide...NOT my toe bed....Well they are NOT wide and they hurt my feet..they look pretty but too tight....NOT happy", "I liked the look of these shoes and ordered them in my usual 7.5 wide but when I received them they were way too large.  I'm an Amazon prime member but this seller charge shipping to me and I had to pay to return them.  Still waiting on my refund.  Won't make that mistake again.  (I ended up buying the right size and fit locally at a running store where I should have gone to in the first place.)", "I know from experience that my 7.5-8 size foot is usually a 8.5 in nikes and this pair is no different. Not only are they ADORABLE!!!!! but they're beyond comfortable and yet still supportive. Can't go wrong with this shoe!", "As far as comfort, you couldn't go with a better shoe. The product has great arch support which really makes a difference. Not to mention the colors and design that look great!", "I run and also do crossfit everyday. These shoes are comfy, light weight, and are perfect for walking, running, crossfit, or anything that you  want to do. They are perfect!", "The shoe colors were as bright as I hoped. They fit just fine!  I am very satisfied with the purchase.", "the product is what I expected, I recommend it to anyone who likes comfortable shoes, sports and fashion. With affordable price", "love the colors the purple and blue they r like u are walking on a cloud don't even know u have them on", "I had a pair of Downshifter style Nikes before and I really liked them--I nearly wore them out!  So when I found this pair in black, purple, and turquoise, I snapped them up!  I wore these on vacation in San Deigo with lots of walking, and the shoes didn't hurt my feet at all.", "I love the looks of these shoes and they are very comfortable, my complaint is they are billed at $59.00 but the box says suggested retail price: $55.00.  I am disappointed because I always save when I order on Amazon so feel a little deceived this time.  I will watch more carefully on future orders.  Terri", "Got these for my younger daughter. they fit true to size and since she recently started running this shoe has worked out well. Good price and arrived on time.", "I like Nike shoes and these fit well and are comfortable.  They are true to size and I would recommend them.", "I bought this shoes in 10.5 US size and I thought the price was very good, the shoes arrive on time however the box was all torn up and I was wondering if the shoes was damaged as well, I found out that the shoes was in good condition however it has a very little signs of  use, so that's the reason I'm giving them just 3 stars because the lack of description.", "I have two pair of Retaliates that are beginning to show too much wear, so I was very glad to see a replacement model become available. The fit and comfort are very much like the original. They feel broken in after an hour or so of wear. I'm very happy with this purchase and expect to get as much or more enjoyment out of them as I did the originals", "poor quality. shoddy workmanship. I expected more from Nike, these shoes were junk. I won't be buying Nike again. Even the laces were junk.", "they are small but can break them in or wear without socks. I would still recommend because they are a good product", "I like these shoes but I tried them out for a run and they were smaller than expected. I am a size 12 and that's what I I received but if your a runner you need to get a size higher. didn't think I could turn these in so I kept them for walking.These are good shoes.", "Very comfortable.  Very Good price. I would reccomend to anyone.  Also, I got quite a lot of compliments on them.", "Great Price, Delivery was quick even to Alaska. The shoe fit just right. This is the second pair of this type & brand my son has purchased, they are comfortable and durable.", "I bought these shoes for my husband because he is in the police academy. He says they are super comfortable. The flexible soles gift a more natural movement of the foot. He was able to run further faster.", "I have two pair of Retaliates that are beginning to show too much wear, so I was very glad to see a replacement model become available. The fit and comfort are very much like the original. They feel broken in after an hour or so of wear. I'm very happy with this purchase and expect to get as much or more enjoyment out of them as I did the originals.", "Shoe is a little tight but overall I think it is great for the price I paid for it.  Thanks", "This is my first pair of Cortez shows and they're awesome. Comfortable fit and tons of padding on the feet. They're actually running shoes, but for me they are my &#34;summer time low top&#34; shoes. Look great with Dickies shorts. Essential for any cholo style, if you're into that.", "These shoes are comfortable and they're pretty much my new go-to shoes. I feel disappointed when I have to wear different shoes. I plan on buying at least 2 more pairs in different colorways.", "It was an awkward fit, slim fit sorta of like their air max line. Slim cut. Great style, its be cool if they had wider options and and a black/white/gray option rather than denim.", "I wore them I really love them they are very comfortable and they look nice! very classic looking, and they shipped it pretty fast I really enjoy this product.", "I got a size 9 and they feel a little big, a 8.5 would have been a perfect fit, but they're still stupid dumb fresh!!!!!!!! LOVE EM!!", "please keep 14 for me ill be ordering from you alot", "I recieved my shoes in perfect condition and they look great on my feet. The shoes are extremely comfortable. Money well spent.", "Well, to start off i didn't buy these shoes from amazon i got them at a different store. The shoes are comfy and good looking they look great on both jeans and shorts, they are well made and diffenetly worth the price even though the materials used now days are worse than back then xD.", "Copped these in high anticipation from the availability in my shoe size! Shoe looks good all around, but my J's not so perfect. Just a little ticked from the clear sole part of the shoe that is supposed to look clear, and not crack yellow! Not so bad, but shows.", "As a college athlete, a good pair of flip flops is essential. These ones are great because they're durable, comfortable, and don't absorb water. Would recommend these to anyone!", "fit as expected", "My son loved them.  They fit true to size and are very comfortable.  Great color!", "Opener:I'm a Nike brand guy through and through./endI never expected to come across these sandals in foresight. My previous pair were Reef brand; they lasted me a good year or two of constant use and abuse, before the thong head came out (between big and index toes).Being a big sandal guy (thong only), I have to buy a pair that are aesthetic, comfortable, and durable.At the time, I was unaware that Nike produced the thong style; I decided that my next pair will be Nike at that moment, with these Celso Motion's being my favorite.They came in the next day with a $3.99 shipping fee, only for the next day option with Prime; I was very pleased.I noticed that the thong fabric on the right sandal loosened a tiny bit, but enough to screw with your head as you are walking. Everyday it seems like it is slowly getting worse, and I fear this pair will not even get close to lasting a year.What is not as annoying as a loose thong sandal, though very disappointing, is something aesthetically wrong with a Nike product. The red that most likely attracted everyone here, is already wearing away in the spots I must rest my weight upon. I think this is unacceptable from authentic Nike merchandise, which is why I'm not very satisfied.I thought these Celso Motion sandals were going to be the ying to my yang (turqouise/orange Free 3's). We'll see how this story plays out; I'm just not very satisfied, nor &#34;feel good&#34; with this purchase.6.5/10 or 7/10", "Good overall casual shoe", "Tough to get on/off like a Speedo or any swim wear!  They're very light!  I wear 10-10 1/2, I should have gotten an 11.  After wearing them for an hour you'll realize you too should have gotten a bigger size.  They look good, like a combo of walking shoes and water shoes.  The insoles are rubber so maybe they are Nike water shoes.  I tested it on the beach and they survived!", "Would do it again when needed.  It was so easy to buy them online. My son waited daily for them to come.", "Very satisfied especially since all the ones I found in store were those single toe shoes..not for me..but these are comfy,Stylish and of course up to standard like the rest of Nike products..", "Very nice shoe, Love the color and feels great. Very good product for the price. Well buy again. Best Buy", "I bought these because I love wearing flip flops in the summer , but my feet need a bit more support. I bought these just to try it and I am glad I did... I can wear my flip flops and my feet stay happy.", "The only thing I feel is a bit of stiffness in the sturdy base, but I am sure that stiffness will ease with wearing. I bought a pair for my daughter at the same time I bought the pair for myself. daughter is very happy with them. She said it was a &#34;cloud walk&#34;. :-)", "As a thong this is the most comfort thong that I ever had and beautiful colour. What else do you want?", "These shoes seem a bit on the cheap side the materials that is. Nice fit and look good otherwise", "I felt that the shoe was true to size but when I walked in them my foot would slide backwards. I ended up returning them.", "They're ok, but I would not buy them again or recommend them to a friend.", "Nice looking only problem I have is my foot wants to slide out when I am wearing them.  Sizing is good.", "I love these sandals - I could no longer wear the cheap plastic ones as they hurt my feet - these work great", "comfort and quality were just as I expected fronm nike. I love these shoes and would recommend to any one", "Nice color, different, and a very good fit....These go with a variety of outfits and are comfortable with or without socks.  How can you fail with Nike.", "Great thank you", "This is the most comfortable shoe for running I have ever had.  I tried the 2013 Air Max, and the shoe didn't work for me in the width. This is a hard shoe to find for my size, 11.5.", "My son loves it, I am so happy that I got it for him, he uses it most of the time,even times that he doesn't play Basketball :)", "My son loves the fit of the shoe, as he has rather narrow feet, but a large shoe size.He tried the sizing of the shoe locally at an athletic outlet. Then purchased on Amazon.We were very happy with the quality of the shoe for the price. Good find!", "This shoes are great, the only problem that I have is somehow the shoes mess with my little toes when I play for a while. They have a  great grip. other that the little issue that I have I love them.", "I am very happy with this shoesIts a great itemI dont have any problem with this orderWell done", "It is a good one  if I could have enough money I will study more English and come back and typing", "Because of the high heel, the shoes fit a little loose. But it is a lightweight shoe, and looks great. It has a durable outsole, and has good traction.", "I needed an airy show that did not contain a lot of leather and would allow my foot to breath.  They are soft and comfortable and very good for hot days.  The insole could use more arch but I can buy innersoles.  They are light weight and airy.", "I bought these for my wife. I usually try to stay as far from women's shoes as I can. Although I'm great at standing around holding bags, pocket books and everything else during a shopping spree, all thanks to Amazon. You made this trip fun.", "I have somewhat narrow feet but even this is a little bit too narrow for wearing very often.  The thumb on the shoes is very flimsy but allows for a cool temperature.  The shell is very washable but I wasn't expecting the extreme synthetic materials.", "I bought his for my mom who walks every day and need a comfy stable shoe. She likes it from both appearance and comfort stand points. For moderate walker (perhaps 6 km every day) it definitely serves the purpose. Amazon price and size selection was also a plus. Over all good choice.", "Just purchased these at a Sport Authority store for $59.99.  The posted price here is way over inflated.  The shoe has great lateral support and movement and is true to size.  My previous shoe was week in the lateral,support so I am very happy with these.  No break in period required either.", "These started to come apart the 2nd day I wore them. The bottom of the shoe is coming away from the rest of it. They're comfortable otherwise, and came on time.", "These cute shoes hug your feet with super flexible cushioning all around... at first, but after about 3 seconds, your feet sink through the gel in the insole, then you're feet are basically on the hard ground.  I wanted to love them, but I could not work out in them.  I got horrible sharp pains in the soles of my feet after a few jumping jacks.  If you can afford to buy these just for use as house slippers or for running errands, you might love them, but they are not suitable for any high impact activity or for standing in place for more than a few minutes. My feet got numb and tingly after standing in my kitchen for half an hour. Also, because the upper is so cushy, they are rather warm.", "An excellent shoe it fits as expected, light wight and very comfortable on foot.", "Very nice looking shoes, my son loves it, very soft. I do recommend itI always buy NIKE products, good products", "As with typical Nike shoes, these require the selection of a half or whole size larger than your normal size. I wear a 9.5 or a 10 most of the time and I bought these in a 10.5...they fit perfectly.The air sole is very nice and. ramatically reduces ground impact, maybe more than any Air shoes I've had. The soles have excellent traction for anything off pavement.These shoes look sharp, more so than the pictures show. Shoes often look better in pictures than in person...these are an exception in my eyes. The only negative I can come up with, is the swoosh on the toe could be a bit smaller and less flashy.Great comfort, great looks, great function. Would buy again.", "Beautiful and quality shoes, finely made (in Vietnam) and great feel. But be aware when purchase, order half size bigger! Design is great, being simple just attracts passers' views, you can tell.", "wosrt type of barefoot feel like shoe. I knew not to buy Nike but after reading many reviews on how great they were I got suckered in. the shoe does not aborb your impact, especial if you need arch support. after running and jumping around doing crosscut my feet hurt like hell. and now I'm stuck with these crappy shoes because I already worn them. stick with vibram five finger or merrell type shoes.", "My mother has this exact shirt in black and since she likes it so much I thought I would get her the white one as a gift.I got the exact same size but this one was slightly larger (no idea why), though not overly so.Other than that, she seems to like it very much.", "I had purchased these before to layer under a golf shirt for a uniform. I loved it so I bought more. Many more. They are a great moisture wicking fabric. They fit very well. They feel like a second skin. I'm a big fan.", "These shoes were exactly what they appeared to be and i couldn't be happier.  They were the right size and shipping was fast and painless.  Will shop again!", "The sun is shining with these beauties.I love them.  They fit perfectly, look great and feel great. Nike always delivers.", "my son loves loves loves these shoes-- he is so happy and they are so confortable. i love them too", "love these shoes. although be soft on steps due to air pockets", "These pants are really sheer and fall down while I'm running. Not my favorite pants. I expected more from Nike.", "Good comfortable socks decent price an very great quality", "A piece of cheap plastic, Looks like a jacket from the mid 80's, if you even want to call it a jacket.No lining, nothing. Transparent...", "Great.", "This is a great shoe and very comfy they are very breathable and fit great.They also are very stylish and feel good on your feet. A+", "The shoe was a HIT!!! It was a present and arrived earlier than the intended shipping date!! The suede is perfect, not faded at all, the woven area is so unique and really stands out compared to the other Roshe's out there!!!!", "I lost $80 on this item. The item was either defective or is particularly narrow on this style of Roshe (purchased another pair without any fitting problems). I didn't realize this was coming from Hong Kong until I received shipping info, buyer beware about this. Didn't fit so guess what, returning them was expensive plus I was charged a restocking fee (which I don't see mention of any where). I suggest not dealing with this company, very slow to respond, slow to ship and very costly if the item needs to be returned.", "i bought this shoe for my daughter birthday, she loves it very much, she told me she ran very fast with this shoes", "These are tge second pair of Nike Frees for my 20 month old daughter. They are a great light weight sneaker which bend easily to allow her to walk and run with ease.", "They fit perfectly. I'm a 7 1/2 in women's and this 6.5 kids shoe fits me perfectly! I cant wait to workout in them tomorrow!", "These are fantastic and true to size. they are short, so don't be shy. They keep you cool during a HARD work out, Get a pair if you can! If they had more colors available, I would be buying them all!", "Arrived on time and in good packaging. It fit wonderfully and perfect. Have worn it multiple time and it's still practically brand new!", "The shirt might work for some people. By the description, I thought it was a vented compression shirt and it is not. It was not even close to being a compression shirt and I had to return it. I did so, and talked with a sales rep who had essentially no clue about their products at all and what I should order to replace it. Also the package came with a coupon for a percent off a future order, however when I went to use it, every item that I asked about the coupon was no good. Not sure what the point of including it was if it couldn't be used and I spent a lot of time on the phone with them trying to find something that it could be used for.", "Fast shipping, exactly what i wanted.", "good item and goog quality. good for weight training.  very convinient for workout.  it worth buying. nice goods and good", "These arrived quickly and exactly as described. I love these compression shorts and now find it difficult to work out without them.", "Good product, as expected from Nike.  So light you hardly feel it but its great on hot days.  Not as noticeably tight as UA compression wear.  Nice styling and no-feel seams.  If I could change anything, I'd make them an inch longer.  Nike's 9&#34; shorts appear to be an inch shorter than UA's 9&#34; compression shorts.  Other than that, the only deciding factors when shopping is price, availability, and color if that matters.", "I've tried other brands but none have the support and long term lasting power after many trips through the washer and dryer.", "as the heading says.... SUPER COMFORT definitely the most comfortable I have worn.  Replaced all of my Name brand Boxer briefs", "Can't expect more from them ... Great for my weightlifting sessions !!! They help the bar to spin over my quads easily!", "I wear these for soccer and they are the perfect fit and length. Definitely recommend these. They are very comfortable, too.", "Im 6'2 235&#8230;.these are a little small on me. For anyone my size i would recommend an XL for sure.", "If you are a large buy an extra large.. They are way to tight. I found them to be very uncomfortable. I like the nike pro's better then the pro combat.", "Just what I expected. I have wanted to purchase this item for a while but was hesitant about purchasing on line. It met my expectations", "Didnt like that much. It wasnt what i expected from a nike product,disapointed. It wasnt what a nike product should look like.", "Although I do love Nike brand for its obvious appeal and style...even considering some of the less desirable outsourcing traits the company has I still continue to buy their products because I like them. I do have to say I am disappointed with the overall fit and quality of this product though. I order medium whenever I get compression shorts... I have 4 Under Armour ones and this Nike one. I have 0 complaints about the UA products however I received the Nike last so I had worn all my UA ones prior for  about 3 weeks of strenuous daily exercise prior to wearing the Nike's. The fit is definitely not a medium more like a smeedium and it hugs too tight IN like pushing in the crotch and just on the cuff near the knee's which completely sucks when your moving all around and sweating. Also the material while intended to be &#34;lightweight&#34; just seems cheap, they are basically see through even the black pair and the tightness coupled with the material popped a string from the seam with minimal stretching while removing them post workout.I am not an idiot I am not rough with my clothing especially not 40$ underwear and I am in pretty good shape too so its not like I ripped it on accident or purpose they just arent that great of quality.The product itself in the next size up would probably be pretty good, however due to the straight up cheap seeming material this product gets 3 stars, and is definitely not worth the extra 10$ over an Under Armour product. No I am not a marketer I have plenty more Nike apparel than UA anyways...I will be buying 1 or two more pairs of this in red/black and green/black in the larger size so if you have the money to spend and your an athlete I still recommend this product just be gentle and make sure to get a size up. However, I will say the material IS borderline offensive and if it gets any &#34;cheaper&#34; I will not be buying Nike for awhile.", "My son absolutely loved these shoes.  They are great and fit perfectly.  He says they are very comfortable and he can wear them with so many different colors.", "I wish that Nike would make these for all ages, and foot sizes.  These are so much more secure on the foot than tong sandals.These water sandals give air for the feet to breathe, yet are more supportive for activities.  As an adult, I can't stand wearing anything between my toes; so these would be perfect even for me (if only they made larger sizes.)", "Super cute. True to size. Dont leave any red rub spots even on the first wearing. My two and a half year old can basically manage to get them on and off herself.", "My daughter lives them. They dry fast and are nice and lightweight. Perfect for little toddlers beginning to explore! Would buy again", "I bought the fighter jets,  and I am so dissatisfied with the product.  They are just not worth 400 or so dollars for them.  I will stick to buying regular shoes for a lot less money at Skechers.", "What an awesome shoe, well made and fits great.", "I really love the color and how it fits to my feet. However, you might feel a little bit hurt if you play soccer with this, because it feels like you're wearing nothing. It does increase your running speed though! Also, at the rate of playing soccer every week, this shoes won't last for more than 3 months!", "I have been wearing these for about 6 months and they are holding up nicely. I don't wear them exclusively, but a good majority of the time. The construction is nice, except for a couple places where there is a smear or two of glue on some seams, (which is the only reason I gave it a 4 and not a 5) which really isn't noticeable except up close.Overall the style and sizing was exactly what I expected and shipping was fast as usual with Amazon. The color of the swoosh is a very dark blue, almost black but not quite.", "My grandaughter is very pleased with this shoe.  We did need a half size larger, but now it fits well and is comfortable for soccer's demands.", "Does anymore know if these are fake or real if you can get back to me that would be great", "Wore the same size my whole life... cant wear these.  Nike makes terrible running shoes.  Buy something like Asics now.", "awesome color way for the what tha kobes, one of the best kobe nike zoom 7 yet , limited edition shoe!!! Really hard to find shoe and one of sellers on amazon had it, jackpot for a sneaker head like myself. beast of a shoe! fits great comfortable", "Told my wife..No problem maybe Santa will bring you this jacket? After watching the fab 5 bring home the Gold.  450 bucks is out of the park..:-( was thinking 150-200 tops...Poor wife...Love the Jacket..", "I also watched to Fab Five and really liked the jackets.  Can't afford this!  I would like to support Team USA with official Olympic wear, but looks like I will be shopping the knock-offs from China instead.", "I love the look of this shoe, it instantly brought me back to my childhood and the bo jackson era. I Couldn't be happier that I got them on sale too.", "this shoe is a great product it fits a bit small but it looks great. i would recommend others to try these shoes as well for the right price", "excellent, product, perfect condition, exact color, fits perfect and is exactly what I wanted, thank you. I received  sending me what I  exactly wanted", "The product said &#34;last one&#34; so i needed to know what size was available. I messaged seller and they said to order through amazon and that they had 3 sizes available. There was no place to enter a size, (although there is now) and the wrong size was sent. I now have to pay to return and hopefully will order the correct size with a discount for this inconvenience. It was a birthday gift which now has gone bad.", "It is way too small on my feet,  is there any I can get bigger size??? If so, how would I recive it?", "I love the bright colors of these shoes.  They fit just as I expected.  I'm a loyal customer of the Nike Free (Run and Trainer) line of athletic shoes.", "These shoes are super light first off, second they are comfy. Mine are neon green and any color looks awesome for these shoes i am happy with them.", "Recommended product very excellent materials and finishes, guaranteed satisfaction, the size is normal, the product meets all offered,  very comfortable and fit the foot, good for walking", "My son is a Jordan fan through and through...he loves his new Shoes and wants more. Great price, and look great!", "I was lookin for a nice pair of shoes to do excersises and go out to runn, I bought the nike turbulence 17 cuz it seems to have everything that I was searching, and they have it.There are light and confortable, plus there fit tight in my feet so I can run for hours with the perfect sentation of security that I need.Im very happy with this running shoes.", "This backpack is a great backpack.  High school kid using it and it is exactly like one used last two years but a lot cheaper in price buying online.  Very quick turn a round time and very happy with the backpack.", "This shoe is by far the most comfortable jordan. It has that same socklet liner as the 8s. The product came as shows in new condition and in a timely manner. Thanks Sole PLace.", "These shoes are both comfortable and have loads of swag. Also they actually had a size 14. I ordered them on a Thursday and they came on a Monday. Overall a great purchase.", "I would say thank you very much for the shoes :) I got what I wanted, authentic shoes, true to seize and the delivery was faster then I expected!! No complains whatsoever, I'm looking forwards to do business with him again.", "Ordered an 8 and received and 8.5", "My son wanted this shoe BUT NOT WHITE! Online it looks like a light shade of grey with a slight darker grey accent on the heel.  The color on seller's page indicates grey.  IT IS NOT GREY.  IT IS WHITE with a slight darker accent of grey on heel.  By looking at it it looks grey especially compared to sole...  Very disappointed! This makes shopping online a waste of time!!!", "My son is a competitive percussionist (Drumline). They practice and perform for hours at a high rate of speed, making constant movements and changes laterally and front to back...really in all directions...all on the balls of their feet. 2010 season he broke several of his metatarsals from repetitive stress, and not just \"stress fractures\", but full fractures. He had been practicing in running shoes.It was a huge disappointment and ended his season. 2011 season I got him these shoes for practice. They practice mostly on basketball and tennis courts. I thought the special pivot point in the sole, as well as the midshank support for the metatarsals would be good. He didn't have a single problem in 2011 season, and wants another pair of these exact shoes for this upcoming 2012 season. His orthopedist said tennis shoes, and shoes for the kind of sport he does (WGI Indoor Drumline) should not flex at all in your hand when you try to twist it side to side at the arch.These were terrific. Believe me, he would not request another pair if they weren't.2011 season he broke a wrist bone, but kept playing through World Finals, anyway. If only Nike made something to fix that problem!I would also add that these seemed to fit true to size. He is a size 15 usually and these were dead on.", "I chose this product for its quality. I recommend it to everyone. the size is perfect. I had no problem !!!!!", "These look great on (like a shredded hi-top without the tongue or toe!), lace up front make these fully adjustable and sporty padded foot bed is very comfortable for long periods of walking, however the leather is very thin.  I'm forecasting stretching and splitting if leather is stressed (weather, sweat, etc).  The holes for the laces are not reinforced, just splits in the leather and the zipper can be a bit hard to operate.Overall, nice sporty looking sandal, just not tough enough for sporty activity.", "very good. excellent", "these shoes are light, good for running, and style as well. they are comfortable and easy to run in and to do general things in life. i highly recommend for you to buy thses shoes.", "When I received the box, I was not sure of the contents because it was so light weight.  I opened the Amazon box and saw the orange Nike box inside; lo and behold my running shoes were indeed inside!I examined them for flaws. No lose threads or double thread lines of corrections, no glue showing' they are perfectly made.When I wore the shoes and went outside to change my parking spot, I felt like I was walking on clouds. In fact, you feel the comfort immediately upon putting them on.Suede, leather, mesh and comfortable black inner soles. Ventilated mesh all over the shoe makes it a great running or walking shoe particularly if you live in a warm climate area like me...Florida.Thanks NIKE! Thanks AMAZON!", "Awesome looking shoe and very comfortable, but after just 2 months the sole is coming unglued.  Not very good quality for the price.", "I had tried on maybe a dozen shoes before sliding into the Nike Air Flights.  I typically don't buy Nike because they are too narrow for my feet, but these fit like a glove!  I gave them a slight workout in the store and decided they fit well and were very light.  I wore them the next day to play racquetball and they were doing well (I wasn't), but after losing 2 hard fought cutthroat games, I realized my right small toe was in pain.  I had a blister and it had broken. I played through the pain in the 3rd game and then took a few days off from the game.  Before the next game, I bandaged my toe and made sure I laced the Nikes tight.  I won two games easily and felt no pain (at least not from the shoes).  I wasn't sure about Nike nor high-top court shoes for playing racquetball, but I'm very happy with these shoes.  They provide good support under and around my feet (as long as I pack them in right) and seem very sturdy.  The real test will be how well they last. Stay tuned for my long term review.", "Good fit , nice and light , broken in.Worth $125 when on saleKids love this boot oh yes they do", "was a great buy totally worth every penny 5 star ratings the only problen is that the front white part gets stains that are a lil difficult to come off but shill a great purchase", "I understand now why I've always bought the 3/4 top 1's.  The High top are a little too high, in my opinion.  I'll more than likely go back to wearing the low cut or the mid top air force ones.", "The shoes are very narrow so if u have wide feet it's not gonna be comfortable at all but a nice looking shoe", "Im a nike sneakerhead, and these speedturfs were dope, I was hella excited when I got em lol they hella fresh", "It is really nice and good but was small at first. There should be more colors at the top though! Black looks hot for summer but it is really good for running and after a while is a good fit.", "Are these the Mens sizes? I want to scoop a pair if Males but the sizing is not to clear in the description.", "Great looking shoe the only downfall was it runs a little small. Shoe is great for going to the gym.", "This track suit is EUROPEAN sized.  teeny tiny. (I have to write 12 more words but nothing else to say)", "I need to return it. When will I receive my return label. This shoe looks ugly... It's not what I expected", "I LIKE THE RUNNING SHOE BUT IT SEEMS TO FIT A BIT LOOSE BUT IT BETTER LOOSE THAN TIGHT. SO I EXPECT MANY YEARS OF USE.", "fits perfect and looks good", "I am very happy with these socks. The fit the foot snugly and being thicker (just what I was looking for) than standard dress socks so are very comfortable. They are not super thick like hiking socks so won't stretch your shoes. Been through the wash about a dozen times and have stood up well. Good quality, in my opinion. I will be buying more.", "There is a good feeling for the touch and is quite comfortable. I don;t like the Shox products for sports but since I am a teacher and spend 9+ hours a day upstand on lectures, they are until now the best fit.", "the nikes  that  I bought are cool and fit nice. And look sweet, this colors that came out in the past  years are the kool.", "Great high quality shoe. I get compliments all the time on them. Very comfortable an mid weight not to light but not to heavy. Fast shipping. Would pur check as again", "Shoes are awesome, The sizing was perfect, great color Blue ! Very Comfortable ! Just what I had expected, Thanks !", "Great pair of shoes!!! Exactly what I wanted and they feel comfortable for hours!", "I remember buying these when they first came out:  the lightest running shoe, by far, that Footlocker sold.  lol  Nike stopped making them for a while, and fortunately other shoe companies started closing the gap. When I decided to start running again to reverse my inner fat boy's efforts to come out, I saw these here on Amazon and became curious:  were they as light as I remembered?  How would they conform to my feet?  Would they wear out as fast as the originals?They ARE still very light.  They also still take just a little more effort to put on (I'd forgotten about that over the years).  I'm hoping they don't still wear out as fast, but I've only had them for a month or so.  I normally wear an 8.5, and so that's what I ordered.  Come to find out that I can't wear socks with these, but they're very comfortable without.  A little tight in the forward box, but not so much a problem after I loosened the laces, then re-tightened them.  Not crazy about the shade of green, but I wasn't looking to make a fashion statement:  I was taking a chance, so to speak, so I looked for the cheapest version available.Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase.  If I'd known the pros and cons beforehand, I'd still be happy making this purchase again.", "regular quality, does not seem original... I am medium in Nike, but this is very small (I doubt that it is original) Order a bigger size", "This is my second order: most comfortable pair of compression I have owned. Design and quality is excellent. He may have fallen out of grace:  but the charity and message is solid.", "I bought these shoes for both my boys in the fall of 2012 for track.  They were professionally fitted at a running shop.  The shoes lasted through Spring track and my kids didn't out grow them too fast! This summer, the shoes become their everyday \"sneakers\" to wear and I bought a new pair - a size up - for each on Amazon for their summer conditioning programs for soccer. Same great quality and of course super fast delivery by Amazon.These orange/blue shoes were a bit pricey, but my FL Gator lovin' son (Go Noles!)had to have them, so he paid me the $40 difference between these and the cost of the neon yellow Nike Pegasus 28's that my other son got. Still pricey, but worth it for the lasting quality and at their age they need good shoes to prevent injuries.", "Nice shoes :)", "shipment arrived very fast!!!!!!! In great condtion exactly what I wanted.", "I love this shoes!", "Love the color and style of the shoe. I wear an 8.5 and I have I wide foot so it fits a little snug. But fits perfect in length.  I'm not sure if a size up will help but these shoes are worth breaking in.", "The shoe is made well; however runs small. I would recommend a size up. The magenta color is really beautiful and I can't wait to wear them.", "I'm so glad I read these reviews and ordered one size up.  I usually fit in 7 1/2 size but ordered an 8. These fit like a charm!  They are made very well and go with any outfit.  I'm looking to purchase black next.  I'm sorry and c these c wedges are perfect! !", "I returned the first pair for a size up, I thought the stiffness/tightness was due to the size.  The new size is more comfortable but they're stiff, so much it looks like I have a limp!  I'm sure the stiffness if from the leather but I know breaking them in will be a challenge.  I'm not psyched to put them back on", "I love these shoes.  They fit well, they are cute, and they seem to go well with most of my wardrobe.  No complaints; I plan on buying another pair soon.", "These baby Jordan booties are perfect for a newborn and are exactly what I was looking for.  These booties go with any outfit.", "These are my first pair of Nike shoes and I LOVE them! So comfortable and great fit.", "Shoes were at least a size too small.My son has another pair the same size and they are perfect.It was a shame that it cost us $14.00 in postage to ship back and we have no shoes.Will not order shoes again from Amazon will go to Zappos,", "Had to reorder a different size because it does run a bit small. The shoe is very comfortable and flexible though. I would definitely buy again", "Best running shoes I have ever purchased. Nike did a great job on these. They fit snug but not too tight, came in brand new and looked great, and very light and versatile.", "These shoes are not the most durable for running. I've had them for about a month, and they are already beginning to fall apart. I run about a mile everyday, and it should be able to hold up for longer than a month. Although, the shoes are very good looking, I would not buy these again.", "Loved my new running shoes. Perfect size, excellent conditions, if you like the colour (like I did) entirely recommended as its cheaper than other NIKE FREE 5.0+ shoes!", "This was a gift. My son loved them. They fit exactly as advertised and are very comfortable to run in.", "I love these shoes! It's simple and to the point. Fit like a glove, have awesome support while feeling like shoes. I love it.", "I bought another nike with same size (10) it does fit will I dont know why this one do not", "I love it! I could use it for daily use, for gym or anything! They're very comfortable, also high quality item.", "Best gym shoes EVER!!! They look sharp and great comfort for anything outside as well. I only gave 4 stars is because the price for different colors is different which I do not understand. I would've bought a different color pair but that color is $200 instead of $100. Not really sure how that works but whatever, because the shoes fit amazing.", "As an avid runner Nike Free is the first and only shoe that has met and exceeded all my expectations. I tend to roll my ankles so I need a shoe with a low enough profile to keep from injuring myself. Very comfortable, true to size. Love them!", "but otherwise a nice pair of shoes highly recommend it for the colors and design overall not bad i'd say.", "PRO: They are light weight shoes but provide more protection than the minimalist shoes some people rave about.CON: The soles tend to pick up debris if your walking on dirt trails.", "I normally get Nike free run+2, but since the +2 haven't been available in my size 10, I bought this 5.0, but was way too tight for a size 10. Also again, for a pair of shoes costing well over $100 dollars, why are the insoles so cheaply made. I always have to purchase the athlete insole on the side and that's $20 bucks extra!", "Great shoe.", "Its an older shoe (style) but it checks out.", "Good shoe, runs at least a size small. Not good if you need support for pronation. Makes a nice walking-around shoe but not a great shoe for the serious runner. Best for casual wear.", "First off I'm a bigger guy at 6' and 190 ish pounds so I punish running shoes and I am punishing myself as I run. Now that we have that out of the way these shoes are a pleasure to run in. If you have never had this type of shoe I recommend walking around in them for a couple of days and then easing into the running. Your calves will probably hurt for the first couple of times running.The quality of the stitching is great, style is simple and unobtrusive, the build is solid (it does not seem it as these shoes are LIGHT!!), and the best part of all is that all of my aches and pains that used to occur the day after running are gone (minus the muscles, they still hurt). The proof is in the performance. I recently did a challenge of 40 miles in two weeks on Strava. I completed the challenge plus some and I feel fine. With previous Nike running shoes (I am not a running guru so forgive me) my knees would be killing me and shin splints would be present.Don't play sports in these shoes!! They are awesome for running but the support for anything else is nil. I run offroad in these and do alright but I notice the instability a little and slow down. These are made for paved trails mostly in my opinion.Overall I would buy these again and again. Great shoes and I hope you enjoy them as I have.", "These shoes are very light and very comfortable for running and training in general. They grip your foot very tightly to prevent uncomfortable slipping inside the shoe while making sudden movements. Be careful thought and order them half a size bigger than your regular size, because they tend to run a little small.", "i need to return them for a larger size", "These were my third pair of Nike Free and they do not disappoint!  Sometimes you forget that you have them on because they are so light.", "They say they like them a lot.  The person had huge feet, so I bought a size 14.  I think they are happy", "Love the color and fit. Very light weight and comfortable. I want this style in every color !", "This is one of the best shoes I've owned.  Very comfortable and light.  I use them for work where I do a lot of walking around and these shoes have held up perfectly.  I would definitely buy another pair.", "The shoes came in the box earlier than expected. The design is great, and the make even better. Decently-priced, high quality running shoes that you should seriously consider. I got it cheaper than if I'd purchased it here near where I live, even with the shipping cost to Singapore!", "They're pretty decent shoes. I'm not sure about how well they will hold up though, the new running shoes just don't feel as well constructed. All in all though they're light, comfortable, look good and have a decent forward roll. People keep saying they run small, I disagree. 9.5 fit like a 9.5 should (although I checked at a local store first). The fixed tongues are bittersweet, nice if you hate shifting tongues (which mine always do) but the fixed tongues make it a bit of a nuisance to get your feet in them. Also the shoes do run a little snug on the sides it feel like, but I also haven't really given them much stretch time, I've only ran 3 times with them so far.", "I use this shoe for my daily workout. It's light and feels good. Great product!!", "Exactly what I wanted and the fit is great.  Love the color although it was brighter than I expected from the picture.", "Very good thank you.", "Great great great great shoes..comfortable as I expected..I need more shoes like that..I wear these everywhere..Buy them if you don't have them", "where are my sunglasses????never seen,why?", "Favorite running shoe style", "I don't want to participate in this if my name is displayed with the review. Sorry. There is no option to remove it or delete this review either. What's with these tricksy gimmicks?", "My husband's newest favs.  These are so lightweight and comfortable.  Great for standing and walking.  Very cool in HOT Georgia summers too.", "This shoe fits me the best and I'm loving it for running daily. Love the color too. Its definitely worth buying.", "Great running shoes, it feels like you are flying...Fits to size! Works great with the cheap Nike+ andIts application.", "Exactly what my son wanted! They fit great! Came quickly! And the color is amazing! Will definitely be ordering again!", "My son loves these sneakers.  He runs track and they are light weight and super flexible.  That's important because he runs on different terrain.  Just what he needs for his personal summer training.", "Excelent!", "I've always liked Free Runs and for $70 and $5 shipping I couldn't pass up this deal. In stores and online I would have paid over a $100. Besides price, they are EXTREMELY comfortable. My job requires standing up for hours and with these I have no problems with standing and they are also great for my run and exercising.", "My son has outgrown his so he wanted the same exact pair....perfect to wear every day as alternative to tennis shoes.", "This is a very stylish , light shoe, however,  if you have a high instep, you will have trouble putting the shoe on.", "They are very comfortable and practically weigh nothing. The only down side was they gave me blisters towards the front of my toes.", "It's very light!", "exactly what I needed, exactly what I expected. better than this, impossible.just need to prove its durability and whether its characteristics change over time; for now it's perfect", "I bought these for PT in the Army and we do a lot of different running like from cement, to trail, to grass and dirt and these work pretty well through all of them so far.  I ordered the same size and they fit well.  One thing is they do soak up a lot of water from the dew on the grass.", "These shoes match my running shorts perfectly.  People are so impressed by the color coordination that they forget to notice the starter gun, giving me a 3 stride head start.They are a nice fit.  They are stable as I fly through the air, just occasionally stroking the ground with my feet to continue speeding along like Mercury himself.", "This is my second pair of Vomero running shoes.  I finally decided to retire my vomero 5's after putting around 2,000miles on them, long past the recommended use but they're so comfortable I found it hard to give them up.  Haven't run in these yet but initial impression is they're just as good as the 5's.  Definitely worth the money.", "I was looking for some running shoes, I had a pair of Nike Shox and the difference is big. My pair of Vomero8 are very lightweight and comfortable. If your looking for a good pair of outdoors/indoors running shoes, you should definitely try this ones", "These shoes fit pefectly. I usually wear an 11.5, and ordered an 11.5, and like almost all the Nike's I buy, they fit perfectly.The shows look great, and I have had several people comment.", "I DO NOT like Nike!!! I have purchased Nike 2 different times in the last several months  both times the shoes did not hold up to the average tennis shoe bought at a local store. Very disappointing to pay so much for tennis shoes and then have them fall apart, tear and lose their gel....whichever kind we bought was a bad choice!! They do not stand behind their product very long! We were told tennis shoes last about 3 months!!! What....I am supposed to put 25 to 35 dollars a month in my budget for tennis shoes! NO WAY!! My son is not hard on shoes and takes very good care of his things. That is why I finally spent more money to get him something nice & then we were very let down by the endurance of the shoes. If Nike wants to contact me I would appreciate it...they sure don't help in the store after 3 months!", "had the shoes for 6 month and only use it for running and both shoes bubble popped.", "i like this. nice.", "I love the Air Max sneakers.  I love the color and style.", "as advertised, love them makes you feel light on you feet I just need to keep from getting them dirty", "i like the bright color scheme and its a very comfy running/walking/biking shoe.  the mesh seems pretty sturdy.  pretty good.", "They fit perfectly,  and the comfort on my feet, amazing !Thus, I bought another pair. The price was reasonable.", "So far this is the best and lightest running shoe I have ever used. I only use it during races and it has outshined the others. Speedlaces may be an option but I decided to try this without and they still slip on fast during Triathlons and give good support. You can customize the fit to your foot because of the unusual design. Nice! Hopefully they last.", "nike does it again with a comfy, light weight, stylish shoe..i have a few pairs of the nike lunracer +3 in different color ways. now adding the volt green to the collection..solid!", "These shoes are great.  I love the comfort from the air max pockets.  The shoe itself breathes nicely.  It is a great fit and hoding up nicely.", "I looked around for shoes for months.  Finally found this pair and I love them!  great for running and working out", "Nice sneakers", "wife says: lightweight, great arch support, wide room for toes.  now that i've run in these, i can't go back to my other running shoes.  this makes your calves work harder, but reduces strain on the knees.  relative to other shoes, there's less cushion on the heels, which make you want to land mid-foot.", "Both my daughters purchased a pair for soccer conditioning training and they absolutely adore these shoes. They say they are very light, comfortable and fit well.  We recommend them highly.  PS They also come in bright, fun colors!", "In stores the shoes are $100. Not sure why so high on Amazon. The shoes are perfect for those with a very high arch. Finally Nike has put out a shoe with some arch support!!! This is very comfortable and even more than Brooks. I will buy, but I will buy at a much better price than this. Giving 5 because the item is great, not so much on Amazons price.", "I love these Nike shoes. I use them on the track and they give great support for the arch of the feet. They are very lightweight. However I wish the color could be a little more vibrant, but that's just my personal taste. Great shoes!", "I just got these and they are perfect! First time running in free runs and I'm never going back to any other shoe again! True to the color and size. I love this teal color", "It didn't show sizes on the screen.I like the shoes but it also didn't tell any info on the screen.", "These sneakers are so comfortable ! Was skeptical cause Ive never bought Nike, but took a chance and love them ! so light weight, and comfy ! Would highly recommend ! I went up a half size cause I think Nike runs a little smaller than most !", "I like the look of this shoe, but when I tried them on they were much narrower than any other athletic shoe I've had were immediately uncomfortable.  I had to send them back due to their narrowness through the ball of the foot.", "Need insoles for support", "I love these shoes!  I have flat feet, and am always looking for comfy shoes that have a good arch support system since I stand on my feet for most of the day.  These shoes are super breathable too.  I love them and wear them almost everyday.  The colors are awesome and bright too.", "These shoes are so comfortable.  I have never worn Nike before and they have enough support to keep my feet comfortable all day.  I love the colors.  Great shipping also - arrived right on schedule!", "its so light and comfortable!!good for working out and jogging!and design and color are awesome!!i really recommend it!Thanks!", "I first tried these shoes on at Dsw and loved how they fit my feet so I went shopping online for a better price and found them here slightly cheaper.  I normally wear an 8.5 or 9 in athletic shoes but surprisingly I felt fine in the 8.  I have wide feet but the shoe fabric hugs my feet just right, it is stretchy and flexible.  I wear them all the time from exercising to running errands so I definitely love em and would buy again.", "I love Nike I just wish they offer more wide width option in there shows. It can be a try tight fit for those with wider feet.", "Well made.  So light on my feet it feels like I'm not wearing any shoes.  Just right for everyday.  Love the color.", "These fit great and are so light!  The soles are very flexible and I didn't even need to break them in before I started wearing them to the gym.", "These shoes are the most comfortable shoes  I have ever worn!! :) they are very light, stylish and soft. I recommend to everyone lookkng for a workout shoe.", "I bought this shoe for my wife and his opinion was, excellent shoe, loved it, stay at home. I recommend the product and seller. Thanks for selling products of excellent quality", "I gave this 4 stars probably only because I chose this light color and they will quickly get dirtier than I would like. They are so light on my feet and yet give me the support an cushion I was hoping for.  I would buy them again - in a darker color :-)", "I highly recommend this running shoe if you are looking for lightweight, comfort and pain free this shoe is it. Take it from me I have had four foot surgeries in the past ten years either from bunions, hammer toe or calluses and my feet are always hurting and when I wore this running shoe for the first time it was heaven my feet did not hurt they are very comfortable. I normally wear a size 8 but I always get a size bigger and it fit just right. I have 5 pairs of running shoes and so far this running shoes is my favorite.", "Awesome pair of shoes, fit just as I expected and would recommend to anyone looking for a comfortable pair of sneakers", "Read all the reviews and ordered my regular size.  Fit is perfect.  This is one of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn.  Highly recommend it.", "I love the colors, the fit, and the weight of these shoes.", "Great arch support, super comfortable. Lite weight. Good ventilation to toes too. Colors are too loud for my taste. But there are a few  pair with toned down colors.", "I love my running shoes.So comfy and stylish!!I hope to some day order more in the same style but different color.", "Great for bad feet.  Corns, calluses from many years of working on feet have made it difficult to find a good pair of shoes that are both comfortable and allow me to get through the day without feeling exhausted.  I actually love crocs for the same reason, but since they are considered a clog am not allowed to wear them at my current job.  These sneakers best points are their flexibility and that they are extremely lightweight but do have enough thickness in the sole to give you the stability and protection for the workplace.", "Looked great and felt even better. Fit was true to size. Bought them to run with my new dog. Would recommend them to friends.", "I love these shoes. The size was right and they feel like slippers with support,I'm trying to find this shoe in different colors. Try them.", "Love these shoes...fit perfect not too small or too big...Just right!! Always get compliments when I wear them!!  And have already washed them once!!", "Used to wear Nikes years ago and then the design changed and I couldn't find a pair that fit me very well.  The new Flex line is great!  I love these shoes!!  Light, so comfortable and airy!  I bought them for Jazzercise and they are wonderful.  Love the color too!  Tongue in cheek...my husband says they make my butt look smaller (people are too busy looking at my shoes so the focus is below the knee!)  Now that's an added pluse!, :)", "i got my girlfriend these shoes and she loved them....i would recommend getting another pair of these shoes...they are really comfortable", "These fit true to size. After the first week I developed a small water blister on one of my toes but now that I've broken them in a bit I love them!  They fit true to size, and in the Arizona desert heat, they are cool and comfortable for my entire workout!", "Really light weight but can't run in it. Totally no support. I tried 2 more of the other Nike light weight shoes and they also have no support..", "The actual shoe is nicer than the picture.  Great color and lots of fun!  Don't want to get them dirty!", "Shoes are a bit tight through the middle of the shoe.  Fine through the toes, and it's a good length, but I sometimes have to stop running and let the circulation back into my feet!!  Not something I've ever had to do with previous Air Pegasus shoes.", "These shoes are great and get great air flow due to the larger mesh in the toes.  My wife loves them so much she got a second pair.", "just but i don't care. it is o k for the price. lorena capdevila send you a message about it", "A little wide for me but still love them! Bright beautiful colors! Pretty comfortable. Pretty true to size. Wear on 24hour shifts and no leg aches.", "I have worn NIKE for years and know that I usually wear a size 7. I do have a bit of a wide foot, but NIKE usually has a wide toe box so they work out well without having to go to a 7W. I have never worn anything from NIKE AIR series until I purchased this shoe. First of all, this is a very attractive shoe. I mean, it is just gorgeous. That being said, the fit is a tad more narrow that the other NIKEs I've worn. Not so much that I cant tolerate them. I am pretty sure they will relax and be fine once I have worn them a while. They are not painful...just a little more snug than I care for. If you have very sensitive tootsies, however, you may want to have this information before you order them.", "Excellent buy! My girl is too much satisfied with the tennis. The colors and the comodity is the best.I like it!", "I like these shoes alot. They're light, and have sufficient protection. The only downside is they fit a little small. Not much tow room, but i can work with it.", "These Nikes are so great...cute and comfortable.  I love the color and the fit.  I am a big Nike fan and these did not dissapoint.  Love them!", "cute and comfortable shoes, the only problem is that in wet surface they are easily slippery. also I feel them a little bit flat", "Nike are my favorite. I love my shoes. Amazon is my favorite place to shop.I love the colors in this shoe.", "Nice and lightweight. Breathe really well. Great for running in the northwest where it is rainy. Would recommend to anyone.", "They are gift to one of my uncle, she really ejoy it, and we are really happy to see her happy.", "This is my 3rd pair of Nike Dart 10's! Love them.", "I love this running shoe. It's true to Nike size,(they tend to run a little smaller),light weight, cool, & attractive. I had stopped working out because my feet burned in my cross-trainers. I was able to work out for 1 1/2 hours in my Nike Dart 10's with no pain or burning. I would definitely recommend this shoe.", "They run small....get at least a 1/2 size larger than what you normally wear. However, I do like them .", "You can use these shoes for anything. You can jog with it, work out with, you can even dance with it. Best of all, this is a very cute pair of shoes.", "These Nike's are great!  They are comfortable and I like the style, exactly what I was looking for!  I ordered a half size bigger, like someone suggested. Glad I did!", "I bought these a gift for my mother. She has a bad leg and always looking for good comfy snrakers that are alao attractive so i got her these as a suprise and she loves them!!! They're very comforatble she says! I bought one size bigger than her normal size and good thing i did cause they fit just right!", "I have worn the Nike Dart 9 Running Shoes in a size 10 with no problem but the Dart 10 run small in the toe area.  Had to return them.", "Great shoes. Fit great the first time . No breaking in.", "A little too tight, I am hoping they will stretch out with use. I have not tried running with them yet because of the tight fit. So once they have been broken in,so to speak, I'll give them a running chance. To be continued.....", "I bought this shoes for my wife,she was not happy the shoes are cheap looking not worth the price.I will return this so called Nike's", "Love them", "Nikes are the best all around sneakers anyways. These shoes rock. They are so comfortable, and provide great arch support, especially for people with flat feet like me. They also look great. I highly recommend them.", "I usually wear a size 71/2 so I expected them to fit just right, and they did, so that means they're true to size. I like the colors--gray, tourquoise, and fuschia-- which are unusual although they might not be unique. I'm looking forward to wearing them on my daily walk with our dogs.", "I'm pretty happy with the shoes, the only thing is they are tight across the top of my foot, if I loosen the laces anymore I won't be able to tie them. I have really slender feet so that surprised me.", "I enjoy the fit and feel of these Nike shoes. They are what I expect to get from the Nike company.", "the shoes wasn't what i expected and the color looks faded than on the computer but theyre comfortable so i'll keep them.  thank you!", "Two holes developed inside the heel of these sneakers TWO months after purchase.I had assumed that Nike still made quality product.  Apparently I was wrong.  I will go back to purchasing inexpensiveshoes as even they last much longer than these did.", "I wear Nike&#34;s and really like the fit,This pair is excellent.I use them for work which is a 12+hr day.First day not one problem.Highly recommend them.Tried a lot of shoes, sneakers, including a very expensive pair of Echos which made my feet burn.These work.", "I really liked these I added them to my collection I'm a big fan of shoes and these were very comfortable.", "Great product fits well. Makes my size 9 feet look neat. I am happy I made the choice to purchase that pair.  The service from tne supplier was prompt and on time.", "I misunderstud the size chart and they didnt fit! The sneakers are so perfect i am goung to buy them again", "Awesome shoes! The first day a little right as expected but broke them in a few days. They fit great, very comfortable!", "These sneakers are super comfortable and great to wear on long walks.  I would get them again.", "I wear a 8 1/2  and I had to get a 9 1/2 so I can have some space in my shoe. I got the 9 wide but that was too small as well. Very cute comfortable shoes. I bought the black and blue ones.", "I got these for my daughter who works long shifts on her feet.  She says they feel great and she has gotten compliments on the look of them as well so even better!", "quality is as i wanted, but the delivery is so poor, no tracking and delayed", "nice and very good so that i dont find any problem with it gentle and comfrort not big and not small", "not original", "Good choice", "Very nice shoesfit as expected and very comfortabletheir color is very unusual but when you watch them is incredible", "I got exactly what I wanted. I'm very satisfied with this purchase, for sure I can recomend to my friends.", "I am satisfied with this product, good quality, reasonable price, fast ship goods,This goes very light shoe, in accordance with my purpose", "The size fit really good will last a long time it's worth it the smooth feeling and quickness of it", "When I saw these shoes I thought they were sharp and looked very nice. I bought them for a cheap price and got what I was looking for. The first touches you take with these shoes is great! Very comfortable and easy to handle. This is all around a great shoe and I highly recommend it to anyone.", "Nice shoe, but size runs very slightly small.  Heel is fairly stiff and needs to be broken in lest you get a nasty blister.", "Excelent product", "Excellent for the school because the color is black and white and he can not stop play soccer, every opportunity that he has, he is going to play with his friends. Very good quality", "I recently joined a crossfit gym and my feet were hurting with my running shoes during the workout.It was recommended to use flat bottom shoes for lifting weights. Sure for lifting weights,but what about when we run. So i went shopping and came accross these Nike Tiempo and Gato styles. And let me tell you these are the Bomb, they are my crossfit solution and if you suffer from flat feet discomfort try a pair of these tennis shoes.", "they run to small, very narrow, i usually use size 9, next time i will order 9.5", "Picture fails to show big pink swoosh looks girly so if your a guy this is not the shoe. Other than that it's top notch.", "Good shoe for indoor soccer. Fit is narrow so if you have a wide foot, probably not the shoe for you. But it does stretch side to side (across the foot) after a week or so of wearing", "A fantastic shoe.One worthy of the best player in the world.It excels in terms comfort.... feel.... and it looks bloody good!", "Great shoes usually get an eleven got a twelve and still a tad tight but not uncomfortable.", "The look and the feel of the shoes was great but they just didn't fit my wide foot very well.", "All the complaints here are about these shoes being narrow. Just because they don't fit your feet isn't a reason to give a low ranking! If you are going to be playing soccer in the shoes you'd better try on a few brands and price levels! I have had several pairs of Nike soccer (and other) shoes and I love the fit. I think my feet are about average width and these fit well (albeit about a quarter size up from my usual (see below), whereas I find Adidas shoes a bit wide in the forefoot area. Feels like a snug pair of slippers, good for soccer and pretty good for wearing around.Note on sizing: I am typically between an 8.5 and a 9 (US sizes) but with these shoes a 9 was perfect, whereas my new Adidas Mundial Goal are 8.5 and they are longer and wider.My only complaint is the giant white swoosh and the large NIKE lettering on the back. Those Gato II's look much better but they cost a lot more...", "The shoes are too narrow", "I have a fresh pair of Davinho's on as I write this. I played with a size 3 for an hour the other day. The touch feels great, the gum rubber is nice and grippy. A modern and Nike version of the Samba.", "Go through 2-3 pair of shoes a year, and I saw these in a local sporting good store and liked the fit and look of the shoe. Bought for my spring season, but they held up well I will be able to use for fall.  Bonus found them on Amazon cheaper than the local store.  Can't beat the deal.", "I would recommend this cleat to anyone and everyone, perfect fit and comfort at its best. By far the best I have ever worn.", "I loved this soccer shoes.. it is very smooth, soft and it is made by high quality materials.. nothing bad to declare!!", "It came on time and in a perfect conditions. My son is so happy, he love it. Excellent quality. We recommend it.", "nice one and gentle so thatok ok ok my dearand continue with new shoesand thanks for u", "To start with, I am a big fan of free runs. This is my 5th shoes of this brand so far (all were free run 3), and I am not planning to switch to other shoes. I used that many pairs in less than one year for running long and short distances, so I appreciate a comfy shoes.Now to this really terrible pair of shoes. I usually wear 9.5-10, and reading the complains about how small is this product from other reviews I decided to go with 10.5. When I opened the box, I felt the shoes was small, but given that this is my first experience with free run 5, I thought it would get loose (this was my experience with the previous purchases anyway). Surprisingly, it was small too to make any change whatsoever. Running in this shoes for 2 weeks, and putting on it less than 50 miles, I realized it's better to toss this one in the trash if I wanted to keep running. Pay 10$ more and get your size in  the shop (even for the price I paid, I didn't have to pay anything to get a REAL 10 that fits me well. I give this piece of rubbish 2 stars &#34;for old times' sake&#34;, but you should really not consider those two stars as an endorsement for the slightest good.", "I am switching from Puma to this shoe right away noticed size is a little smaller than Puma also Nike has a lot higher arches which can be a little uncomfortable with flat footed people like me hopefully once they are broken in arches won't bother me too much. Overall very nice looking shoe!", "Trying to keep up with older step-brother.  Not sure he'll get there but he's now marathon training with his 23 year old step brother.  Has a great teacher and great shoes!", "SHOE RIPPED ON THE PART WHERE THE ANKLE GOES FOR NO REASON AND I DONT EVEN USE THEM RUNNING I USE THE FOR STYLE BAD STITCHING JOB", "This product can be found several other places for $15 to $20 cheaper. I thought Amazon was the least expensive place to shop. I guess not!", "Very NICE for walking, Light, Durable  and they have the Chip in them to use the Nike+ App to keep track of Distance, Duration and even Location of Your Exercise  :D", "I've bought Nike Free shoes for years and these don't disappoint. From the other pairs I've owned, I'd find these to be the most durable and comfortable shoes I've purchased. I will say that these shoes run maybe a half inch smaller, which I've noticed on my size 13 feet, but after a few runs, they fit well. Another thing that kind of bothered me was the fact that the bottom of the shoe is red, the details are red...until you get to the inside of the shoe. Color me silly for not looking up the color scheme beforehand, but the &#34;neon orange&#34; inside of the shoe is a bit of an eyesore for me. Of course, it doesn't affect the performance of the shoe in the slightest, neither does it glow in the dark, but if you're one of those runners than prefer solid colors (like myself), this might take off a few points.I normally run with either thin socks or none when I wear these shoes. They feel great either way. For those of you that run cross country (XC) or anything that will put miles on your shoes faster, I'd lean toward wearing some inserts, unless you just enjoy the feel. As of right now, I haven't bought any because I've stuck to running on treadmills and short distances on concrete. Overall, these are great shoes and I love them.", "I bought these shoes for P90X and have not been disappointed.  They are super light, offer great lateral support for side to side movements, and plenty of cushioning for plyometrics and kickboxing.If you know Nike, they run narrow.", "I bought the usual size but in this shoes it doesn't work. I decided to use it as a gift.", "Nike Free 5.0 EXT Men's Running Shoes 580530-431 size8.5 fThank youWas nice and I like it, thank you", "They fit well because I knew what size I needed and plan on running a 5k in them this October to try them out for good", "They are not vented, not always easy to tell by the photos these days. I live in Arizona and in the summer I need to have breathable shoes. I do like the way Nike minimized gaps yet kept the sectional sole of the shoe. It makes for great flexibility and reduces the number of rocks that get stuck in the tread. They seem just a little snug and my feet get to hot in them.", "Most terrible purchase I have ever made in my life! I hate the fact that I ever even spent the money on it.!", "These shoes are a bit small about 1/2 - 1 size.  But without socks they fit just about right.  The do take some getting used to without socks, but I would recommend these.  Very stylish look.", "I love my solarSofts. They are super light! I would advise getting 1 size up. They conform to my feet. #noSocks", "Extremely light, very comfortable. And how can you beat those colors? Solarsoft sole is the best available for sandals, my opinion.Nike does it again, this time covered-toe sandal style...", "Got the shoes very fast issues are really comfortable but felt a little loose on me but great running shoe very stylish nobody has them", "they fit exactly,probably buy more shoes like this and models,light as a feather and comfy.Your feet dont sweat in it.", "THE SHOE ITSELF IS COMFORTABLE, BUT AT TIMES IT GETS TO FEELING A BIT TIGHT.  I LIKE THE IDEA OF NOT HAVING A REGULAR 'TONGUE', BUT I THINK THAT IS THE REASON IT FEELS TIGHT AT TIMES.  COULD HAVE A BIT MORE 'GIVE' IN THAT AREA.  DON'T KNOW IF A HALF SIZE LARGER WOULD REMEDY THE PROBLEM WITHOUT BEING TOO BIG.  OVERALL, I AM SATISFIED WITH MY PURCHASE.", "I have not taken these sneakers off since I got them.  They are light and airy and weigh next to nothing.  It's a pleasure to work out with them.  Might invest in another pair in a different color.  Satisfied.", "I love the shoes and the brand Nike Air i will like to bay again soon no complaints beri nice", "shoes are great leather works great very comfortable  would buy again when worn out highly recommended for others to ourchase", "I was so happy with these shoes.  I have small feet and was so pleased these came in a size 5.  They are very comfortable and look great!", "I really like the shoes but there a lil too small i wish i would of got them a lil bigger", "super nice!!!! old school..... meets the percent love them.....looking for more air force colors.. most have!! let me know...", "Really? These shoes are Grey/Orange... I don't know what blind Nike designer typed &#34;crimson&#34; onto the label but that is not what these shoes are.Luckily orange is a color I really like anyways.", "they are good shoes that fit well and help me to keep my balance as I walk. please thank nike for making them", "i think the fit is good, and i enjoy using them for both basketball and regular work outs/thank you much", "I bought this shoe for my 10yr. old and was hoping the size was true. It came and I couldn't be happier with the fit. Went 1/2 size bigger since he has wide feet and they fit perfectly.", "I wear a 9.5 in every other Nike bball shoe (Jordan's and Kobe's) so that is what I ordered. I recommend ordering a half-size larger due to the fore foot being narrow. The sole is stiff, but tougher than my Jordan's and Kobe's which makes them last longer if you plan on using them on a street court. The shoe is lightweight and comfortable, remember to order a half-size larger than what you normally wear in Nike. Highly recommended for outdoor play.", "I got these and there a little hard to put on but fit perfect once there on.  Unlike some other basketball shoes I never had any blisters while breaking them in.  i would recommend this product", "excellent shoes, very nice and durable. are ideal for outdoor play.", "Fit perfect. Came just as described.  I decided to get these shoes on Amazon because they were cheaper then all the stores in my area. My Nikes came really fast and as pictured.", "Fits my feet perfectly. A lot of cushion and support which is good for heel and ankle protection. It does add an inch and half to height which may affect stability. Shoes a little heavier than other higher end Nike air shoes but barely noticeable. Cool design if you're into the fashion aspect of it.Good for people who need strong ankle and heel support.  Price within the $60 range so it's affordable for someone who needs dependable baller shoe but doesn't want to shell out for higher end brands.Not good for people who want a lightweight shoe.", "Bought these to for running.  I have now upgraded to a new pair and wear these casually.  They are lightweight and extremely comfortable.  They don't have a tongue which is freakin' awesome!", "the size i brought fit to a tee.  i brought them for work to walk around in and i felt like i was walking on air.", "I was attracted to these Nike cross trainers because of the styling and colour. They do fit a bit close for a  pair of size 12 shoes, something which other reviewers elsewhere have also mentioned.  A half-size (12.5) would have fit much better", "Great fitting and exactly what the picture shows!", "I love these!!  They are the best fitting shoe. While I'm not training in them, I am on my feet all day! Super comfortable, lightweight, and fits like a shoe should.", "shoes are  very nice .my size is 11US but they fit just little be tight i hope with the time they will give me the full confort the i was looking for. anyway shoes are once again very nice in all details.thank you", "Very comfortable and nice looking. Once I got these I felt a need to start running which is one of my newly acquired passions, you must try these out!", "Did't have a chance to try them because they were too small. However, they were every light weight and cool.", "The shoes fit my son perfectly and are very vivid in color.  What he especially likes is the fact that these shoes do not have a detached tongue so it never gets crooked.", "Received the shoe very quickly from the seller.  The show runs a bit small and was a tight fit when I tried it on. I contacted the seller who promptly allow me to return then for a larger size. loved the shoe but I suggest ordering one size larger than your usual size", "there was some manufacture defect, both shoos R and L and two pairs that I ordered had thick elevation on inner side of the hill. I was uncomfortable.", "This Nike shoe is lite and wears well. The color is eye catching and this shoe is good for walking and is easy to wear.", "Love love this shoe!  Fit is perfect.  I do not use socks so not sure if would be too tight if socks were worn.  Love the electric color and good arch support light shoe.  Great for the gym highly recommend.", "Finally, a pair of yoga shoes that are cute as well as functional. I loved using them in yoga class and in the case that you are off the mat, they really help you to keep your grip. They definitely improved my yoga experience!As far as dance goes, I used them for a modern class and they were equally awesome. Basically, these are great for performance and I think they fit well, true to size. They are worth it for sure. I love these shoes and I will definitely be wearing them for a long time!", "I really like these. I know they're expensive, probably too much so, but I really enjoy these. Great option for yoga and other studio sports! My only complaint is the flats, they slip off easy.", "These shoes are great! I was unsure about the wrap around the ankle, but it really helps the shoe stay on my heel (and it's really cute)! I'm recommending these to all of my workout friends!", "Was looking for the right color yellow. These are perfect. Right color, fit, and light. Air gets in and my feet don't sweat.", "good quality and very comfortable could last all day with them recommend arrived perfectly without any details... worth it thx", "Purchased for my wife - lightweight, look good, fit well and comfortable. Color is not exactly what is seen on the description photos (close though), she would have preferred a black color hence the 4-star rating instead of 5 stars.", "I was surprised to find that the tongue on this sneaker is attached all around to the inner part of the shoe. There is no separation between them, making loosening the shoe to get it on a bit difficult. Once on, it fits well and is a very comfortable running shoe. The colors are very bright and vibrant and true to the picture. It turquoise blue there is no violet as the name implies.", "Fits me great, I love Nike and all their products. all the other ladies in Zumba class asked me where I got them.  I said to go to Amazon online, they have everything.", "This shoe is a very nice and good looking shoe - very comfortable and all.  However, I ordered a 9.5 and received a size 10, went on vacation with them and didn't notice they were a little big until I had worn them.  I couldn't return them after I'd worn them.  Bummer!!", "Love the color", "I love the color of the shoes and I get compliments from everyone that sees them. My only drawback is that the shoes fit me a little wide and a little big but they are very comfortable and I use them for the and sometimes for my job in retail.", "The product is as described and fits to size, I haven't use them yet but I tried them and they're really comfy!", "Everything about this shoe is exactly what I was looking for. Lightweight, great arch, comfortable. Great for walking, riding my upright bike, etc. The size advertised fit just like expected.", "Fit perfectly", "So I have pretty much always used Nike shoes for cross-training. This shoe is awesome. It is very light weight and helps with my shin splints that seem to re-occur. I haven't had them since I started training in these shoes. The colors are bright and they came with an extra set of pink shoelaces...a nice little surprise! The price is more than right, as these shoes typically retail from $80 - $100. Great purchase.", "I workout at the gym 4 days a week and needed a pair of low cost trainers that were light, comfortable and provided support. The Nike Flex Trainer 3 did not disappoint. I have used it for a week now and have no complaints! Love the colors and it's true to size.", "LOVE LOVE LOVE the color of these shoes! Very light weight, somewhat large in fit, may want to size down a half size, but overall very comfy! I would recommend this item to anyone! I may just purchase another pair!", "I bought these cause i like Nike and saw these and thought how kool they looked and had to have them. So i orderard them in the size that i thought would fit. But when i got them then put them on. They were slightly to big and stiff for me. So not being too happy about it... Thats  when i remembered that my older Brothers B-Day was coming up soon and he has a little bigger foot than me.So i turned a -Negative into a +Positive. And gave my brother a great gift for his B-Day.. They fit him fine he likes them..He was needing a new pair anyways..  :-)Oh i wear a size 10 to a size 10 1/2 depending on the style N type of shoe..and the pair here was a 10 1/2...", "This item I gave it to my friend as a gift", "The most comfortable running shoes ever! I love them and they look good too! The size was perfect and super comfortable!", "i got the shoes and they're the size and stlye but i ordered platium / black but they came in white/black. but i like the white its more professional for and vlounteering.", "Bought these for my daughter for her summer job which she spends eight hours a day on her feet.  Very lightweight with a lot of support.  She said these have really helped her feet after spending all day on her feet at our local grocery.  They come with both black and white laces you can put in which ever color you prefer and it also gives you a backup.  Paid much less than we could get at any local store.", "This is my 2nd pair of flex 3. My first pair is about 3 years old, still in great condition.  I just wanted a new pair. They are so comfortable and light.  I can work out in them or just wear casually.  Order your normal size, they will fit perfectly.", "These are very cute, sort of wide in the toe area, not as tapered as the free run style. I use them for working out since they are comfortable.", "Perfect fit! Comfortable!", "Shoes were as described, and my wife was happy with them!", "These shoes are so lightweight, I love that. They fit true to size. I have shoes that offer more arch and overall support but I like these for comfort and traction.", "They don't have the flexibility or give in the right spots for my feet.  I ended up giving them to my daughter who seems to really like them, however I'm not sure that they are as nice to work in in her waitress job.", "Shoe arrived in two days and were the right size and color.", "Very light, soft and comfortable shoes. All kids from school using  them for yoga classes.Just don't know why the shoe soles rubs off very quickly?", "I love these. Unfortunately they sent me the wrong size ... But resolved the problem right away:) I needed the extra 1/2 size up for my orthotic. So I tried them on without it and they are comply & cute:)", "I bought these because of the color and style but, I love the fit of these shoes. By far one of my most comfortable pair of shoes owned. Normally Nikes have fit a little snug but, these are a true fit to my size 8 foot.", "comfortable and supportive.  flywires give the heels a more snug feel, but not in a bad way. mesh is slightly reflective.", "Great summer shoe. Not really for running. Fits true to size but is also a soft mesh so there's some give.Very happy with them", "comfortable and supportive; swapped the crimson laces for black.  flywires give the heels a more snug feel, but not in a bad way.", "comfortable and supportive; flywires give the heels a more snug feel, but not in a bad way.  this blue really pops, i love it.", "Satisfied with the shoes", "This shoe endures for a very long time. Easy to clean as we'll.", "-----The Good Stuff------great ventilation and cushioning-lightweight impact protection-really versatile shoe, can wear with almost anything-offers breathability-full mesh upper and phylon midsole-has a cushioned collar for protection around ankle-rubber waffle outsole for traction-lots of cool-----The Not So Good Stuff------they run just a little bit big with the size-not too great for running, feels kind of big-----Other Comments------these shoes are really stylish-one of the most comfortable nike shoes I have worn-great variety of designs", "As my husband is deploying soon he needed new shower shoes, ones that would not easily be picked off while down range. I came across these shoes that could very well be spotted in the worst sand storm, just what the hubs wanted. The band on the top of the foot is a little tight and needs to be work in, but that goes for any shoe. We ordered on the 1st and recieved on the 6th.Happy with this purchase", "Unfortunately they are coming unglued where the top meets the bottom...I hope it is just a fluke.  Nike usually produces a good product.", "Great for Cardio Blast and balancing.  Wide stance help with balancing and extremely comfortable fit and finish. Great for workouts.", "Nike makes quality products and these shoes are no different, would buy again. Wish I could get a narrow size", "I got these running shoes for my husband.  He likes them very much, but the stitching is coming loose and he has only had them for  about 2 months.", "Very Comfortable And They Don't Make Your FeeT Your Hot. Good For  Walking It Running. They dont Have Your Feet Hurting When I Break Them in", "language is a delicate material, is the only thing that I liked the shoe, but they are comfortable, lightweight and offer good grip on smooth terrain. kla size is a bit small so I recommend ordering a half size higher", "this nike shoes are very comfortable, but get dirty very easy", "These water shoes are both stylish and comfortable. They are good for low impact activities but when I climbed a waterfall and plunged into water the front part came off several times. Besides that they were useful and dried quickly.", "i had picked these up for my sister so she can give em to her bf for gift and he loves em", "I ordered these Nike Men's Dunk High Basketball Shoe for my son, and he really loves the shoes. Great deal!", "Bought these shoes for my boyfriend and he loved them! Super clean and fits perfectly! Came as soon as possible!", "I've taken these for jogs - I actually have the black as well as the navy blue versions of the same size, and they both fit me fine even though I have wide feet.  They are comfortable enough for walking, jogging, or running.  So far, they've held up fine, and since they have a mesh on top, they're great for summer time wear since they keep the feet cool.", "Good fit", "Nice fit and I have DD's which I find it very hard to find sport bras that fit properly and won't ride up.", "I went to a few outlet stores looking for this specific navy blue & white shoe... Since my first pair were so comfortable, didn't need much break in time. This shoe was not a dissapointment. Great fit arrived on time.", "I love the color, the shoe fits perfectly and shipping was fast as expected. I should have bought these shoes a while ago.", "I had Tailwind 12 come with a max speed tint lenses, but it gets too dark if i run in shades.Max Vis is best for trailrunning IMO, it enhanced the contrast of the view, and will not gets too dark in the shades.Although Max Speed is better under strong sunlights, but it is not very practical to swap lenses or sunglasses when running, but I will still use it on road races.", "Its comfortable it feel so good wearing these lebrons my friends thought they were nice my crush she shoe wedgie me and I thoight she likes me  :D", "Way too big for my face. They need a women's/ small size. I had to return them. Otherwise very nice!", "I have a few pairs of Nike shoes. I own the NIKE FREE RUN in yellow. These are + Shield which I guess is water resistant. I love the Free Runs. I almost think that these are a knock off of the originals? They are made in China. The other pair is made in Vietnam.All of my Nike shoes say NIKE on the Tongue of the shoe. This pair does not say NIKE on the Tongue and the fit is not the same. They basically look the same and they are also very light in weight. I am not positive. Everything else seems identical. The fit is significantly different. The Bottom line is if I bought this pair before I would not buy a second pair. Besides the color of my first pair, why do they fit different? Why don't they say NIKE on them?OK these are Free Run 3's I guess the pair I own are Free Run #1 the serial # or item is 510642-706(my first pair) The blue pair is number 536840-404 and I do not like them as much.", "I am very impressed with the shoe overall but I just got them 3 days ago and my Swoosh on the inner side of my left shoe is peeling off.  I am very discouraged by this and would love an explanation on how I can get this fixed.  I have I only walked around work in these shoes and I work in a carpeted office.  I spent close too 110 bucks and its already starting to look like I wasted SOME money.......", "I loved these shoes when i got them. i am 13 and wear a size 7 . the problem was that they ripped so easily.I was devestated when I found that out.I loved these shoes. they were light and since I am an athlete iloved them. please nike ifyou can. send me another pair. I love these shoes but it is hard to constantly buy 100 dollar shoes.please answer.thank you.p.s  Nike is the best and is my favorite brand. i adore nike.", "I over pronate while running ( flat footed ) and these really help. If you're on your feet all day and live an active lifestyle they're worth expensive price.", "they came early 1st plus then they come n a special box if ur a fan of forces these will def bring ur collection to another level", "The most comfortable sneaker I've ever had for working on concrete. The hunter green color is great since it doesn't show dirt.", "I have a straight foot and most of America has a semi curved ot curved foot.  This is Nike's only surviving straight lasted shoe.  I love them and it's a higher end shoe with all the attendant cushioning and quality that Nike can be so good at", "For us pronators, this is a godsend. Lightweight, but still supportive. Comfortable, and tough. They still look new, and I'm almost 80 miles into them.", "loved the color though air pockets didn't hold up as strong especially if you do a lot of walking during time of work.", "These are very stylish. I like that the shoestrings are purple. Looks very nice with my jeans. Again I love them", "got these for my grandson, daughter says they fit great and they are so cute also.  they bend real nice so the little guy can walk normally.", "These shoes are perfect! Good support, well made and sporty.  Very happy with this purchase even though they are expensive.", "This is worth. Line 2013. Very comfortable, light and beautiful. Difficult to compare. And a gift and I'm sure that go like", "I can't give you a first hand review but I will pass on my daughter's comments.  Really cool color mix  and super-comfy.  They are very flexible as advertised and fit very well.  They are the latest (spring/summer 2013) from Nike and they again have a winner.  I myself have bought multiple pairs of Nikes over the last year plus, as they have definitely stepped up their game, especially when it comes to running sneakers.  They made some of the most deplorable running sneakers around for years until the last couple of years as they have stepped up with superlight, stylish sneakers with really solid performing souls (the most important part of a running sneaker).  It's about time for the company that put running sneakers on the map!", "This was actually for my cousin and she loved it very much, very flexible and very comfortable and it fitted as expected.", "Good snug fit, not too thin as they have some cushion to them.  I am a little picky with socks, these seem well made and haven't stretched easily.  Cushion and breath", "My son said they fit great and are good for keeping your feet dry in hot weather.", "Brought these for a surprise gift for my husband he loved them will buy again quality is excellent postage is a bit expensive tho", "These shoes are lasting abuse from my son and he's just about to grow out of them. Nice price for the lifespan they have in my house.", "Nice  soccer shoes and good quality , my dotter love it, fix normally respect at the size we order . And looks very cool", "Fits great , my daughter is happy with her new indoor court soccer shoes!!! Great indoor soccer shoes and fit perfect.", "Great shoe. True to size. Bought it for my daughter, but since we wear the same size I wear them with a particular outfit from time to time.", "This feels actiolly very good and it doesent only look good is feels good as well just a great iteam", "Materials are good. Just for the socer game or the casual day every day. Soft for walk, no problem with size selected.", "daughter is very happy with these shoe say they are very comfortable and would buy more in the near future", "These shoes were super cute and worked really well on an indoror soccer arena surface for my 7 year old.", "This shoe looks even better in person than it does in pictures online... The shade of green just doesnt come through in pictures, its stunning. Ive got the Re-Entry's and i've been rocking these way more everywhere I go they seem to make heads turn. Also regarding packaging and Delivery I ordered through Theonekicks and they did an absolute fantastic job packaging the product, much better than F.S. Fashions did with the Re-entrys. Like another reviewer stated since they were shipping from hong kong i had my reservations about them being fakes but they are the REAL thing. Since they were coming from china and the delivery estimate said three weeks to a month I assumed it would be late August before they arrived. It took five days to get to murica from China then another two days to get to my doorstep. Excellent service. Amazing shoe. Could not be happier, Thank you TheOneKicks!", "the look and feel of this shoe is retro.  I'm not sure if I will collect them or wear them.", "A lit bit hard , but perfect fit and delivered as plan. I really enjoying this shoe and maybe i'll have other jordans shoes", "My son wanted these sneakers best price around fits right he wears them for basketball and around town love e,", "good clothes,the cotton is so soft,i like this color ,but a little thick to my brother,he is a fat.  .", "Bought a pair of these a month ago at a Nike Outlet. After two six mile runs in these, the pain in my left foot was so unbearable I had to ice it in the morning just to complete the 5 minutes of walking I do in my morning transit. I chalked it up to over-training in a new pair, and rested for a few days.Three weeks later, I have given up Nike Running altogether. Pain in my right Achilles, left foot and both knees tells me I chose poorly. It's too bad, because the bright green and grey colors make for a really sharp looking shoe. However, I doubt I should wear these at all, even for just walking around.", "I bought these shoes in a Nike outlet in my area with a much friendlier price than that on Amazon (20 bucks cheaper maybe, if I remember correctly). It's been a year, and they are still solid and firm with regular use. A very durable pair of shoes. These are my first running shoes after I decided to go jogging regularly. I go jogging three times a week, 3-4 miles each time. Apparently its great cushion and light weight make jogging not a tiring job for the knee and the feet. The most impressive feature about these shoes is their great shock-absorption. You can feel it at the instant when you step onto the ground. The pressure that is supposed to reflect on the knees is not that strong as expected. Plus the shoes are light. So it reduces the fatigue in a way that is perceptible. I recommend it to anyone who would like to start jogging.", "They are actually better then i expected they fit awesome and the material they was made of i mean these were just awesome and my style the way i dress they put in work got the job done when i got home", "These shoes give plenty of support and I use them primarily in the gym on weight day.  However, these shoes run really, really small.  All of my adult life, over 30 years, I've worn size 10, medium width.  Now, with Nike and Adidas shoes, I've had to increase to over a whole size.  All the athletic shoes run small and narrow.  I tried these shoes at size 11 and they barely fit my feet.  Either my pituitary gland is out of whack or they've moved their companies to another third world country with sizing issues.  From now on I'm going to a local store and try on any athletic shoe first just to see how the sizes run.", "I bought this shoe to use on the treadmill so I'm not risking getting outside dirt in the works and messing it up. As with the Saucony Outlaws I got this shoe fits great, has lots of padding, a great tread that can handle the street and the trail and is a high top to provide that needed ankle support. I like this shoe so much I'm thinking of getting another pair to wear as a regular daily shoe to pair up with blue jeans.", "Wore these shoes for only 1 month & the air pocket on the right shoe totally popped to the point that I can not even wear the shoe.Too bad because I've had very good luck with Nike in the past.", "Good fit rightNice quality.  Exactly what I was looking to buy for a bad golfer to look like a pro with a weekend with friends on av $126 course.", "The shirt is comfortable and fits as expected however the only complaint I have is that it is very sheer and shows the nipples. One will have to wear an undershirt with it which defeats the purpose of it keeping you cool. It's cheaper than all of the other colors so no even exchange.", "The shirt is very nice, light-weight well constructed and the seams give it the right amount of style and if your guy has nice abs it will be great. My hubby has a little tummy which raises the shirt :-)  Iif you have a lil tummy consider an XLT so it doesn't look short.", "I have purchased Nike clothing for many years and this is no different in quality and fit with the other products.  The best part is that my wife likes ease of care along with the fact that she said that you do have to look good on the golf course.", "these are so sweet love these shorts.", "No size listed on Amazon. A size 33 came in the box. One size too small for him. They were really cool. It is a shame.", "I did not like the shoe initially because it was a bit tight - I couldn't wear for over 1 hour. But after breaking in, it has become very comfortable and I can were it through out the day. I know it is a basketball shoe but I use it to play tennis. It feels light and strong at the same time. I did not think it was a beautiful shoe  but I receive a lot of compliments wherever I go so I guess it is a nice looking shoe. It's a bit expensive, IMO.", "They are sweet!", "Love these flip flops!!!", "This is by far the most comfortable flip flop EVER made!!!!! I had to buy 2 more pair, since it is my shoe of choice almost every day from May to Sept!!!!", "So perfect that I bought another pair for myself and my daughter!!! Comforatable and really protects the bottom of your feet.", "Bought these for my grandson that is HARD ON SHOES as a teenager.  These shoes are still in great shape.  Very durable and nice looking as well.  I would recommend these shoes and will be buying them again....", "They look very nice but sadly there too small and there any way I can return them I need to know", "just what my husband expected ... he did not expect the red in the sneakers to be so bright but he loved it", "fits to my glass .. Got the same model .. and i like the color.. Cool... friend like it ,, the color", "these 2 little cool jordans are just as we were expecting, what u see is exactly what you get, thankx", "I'm very satisfied that shoes. It's nice and amazing.I hope your business will flourish in the near future.Thank you.", "I didn't buy these shoes to run in the city. I bought these shoes to run the city. They are comfortable, legit, good quality.", "It's too small. & huger than i actually thought. It's like I'm wearing sketchers shape ups &#128529;", "The outfit came before the date and it was nice he wore it the day we came home fromThe hospital even though it was a little big", "This Nike one piece outfit in pink is so cute. Sent it to my daughter-in-law who is an athlete ( and pregnant) and she loved it. It was well made and \"fit the bill\" so to speak.  Hope this review helps!Carolyn", "These were the only socks that I purchased for my son for the winter. They held up through the whole winter which was surprising since they went through a lot of machine washes and a newly mobile toddler. They have been washed and put away for next winter since they were a bit bigger than my son's true foot size. Would recommend these but make sure you purchase the true size. They will still work well but wished I had purchased a true size.", "Bought these as a baby gift for my sister. They are cute, durable and exactly what I expected. I will be ordering a few pair for my new baby when he/ she gets here.", "I wear it because no other new shoe is close to matching cushioning and flex. My muscles thank me every day I run in them. You cannot beat this shoe if you want cushioning, flexibility and comfort.This is a review of Vomero 6.", "I'm on my second pair, and had to look hard for them because there are a lot of +3's out there, but not so many +4's.  I don't understand it.  They fit better, and feel more comfortable than any running shoe I've ever had, and I've had a lot of them.  They fit snuggly because they don't have a tongue, so it can't move around. The laces allow you to adjust the snugness with greater accuracy. The cushion is just enough, but not over done.", "Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do SulI love products of nike, comfortable shoes, even with the price a little high, it is simply and beautiful, no extravagant colors that is normally nike, European style.  do not think twice buy it", "Well made, fits true to size and cool on the hottest days.", "Very comfortable and beautiful color", "Love the orange. Great summer color.", "well constructed, light weight and easy to carry", "For the price you aren't going to find an umbrella this good.  The operating mechanism won't pinch your fingers like the umbrella that you presently own.  This doesn't have the fancy gust flaps on the sides, but my umbrella has been through a couple of significant thunderstorms and was more than fine.", "Big umbrella, big enough for two people. Bright blue color makes it stand out, which can fit someone's style or make you stand out by drivers in a dark rainy day. Handle is from molded plastic and rubber so it won't peel like some painted on rubber handles. Comes with a sheath to make it more sleek for easier storage. The tip is made from plastic and flat so it can't apply hard, precise pressure on a floor or on a person. The umbrella's release mechanism has a button, which allows for a smoother opening of the umbrella. The umbrella has a small &#34;cup&#34; to hold all the spikes of the umbrella so the umbrella can't be opened accidentally. The spikes are made of metal so they are stronger than plastic spikes.", "Can't miss me on the golf course!!!  Matches many of my outfits as well.  Very impressively wind resistant. Bought both for the brand and it's functionality.", "I have the bought these in the past. They work great and look great on the golf course. I will buy again when more colors are available.", "I felt deceived by the description, as these shoes were not black.Apparently, Tea Tree Black is another way of saying Brown, who knew", "I purchased these shoes for my daughter after months of her begging me for them. I'm so happy she is enjoying them.", "These shoes are cut a little small so go up a half size if possible. Otherwise a great running shoe!", "Nike Free's are the best shoe anywhere whether you're running walking or just hanging out there is nothing else that fits like Nike Free", "I didn't realize when I ordered these shoes that the tongue is sewn in place. I bought them on sale after buying and loving another pair of Nike Free running shoes. The fit is different. I put holes in my socks where my big toe is every time I wear these because they are so hard to get my feet into, it strains the fabric where the pressure of my toe is when I pull these on. Once on, they feel OK to move in, but my socks are pulled too tightly over my foot. It was too late to return them by the time I came to this realization, so I will keep and still occasionally use them; but I don't love them like I do my older pair with a tongue I can lift up to slide my size 10 lady feet into... I still gave 2 stars because I think this line (Nike Free) is wonderful and other runners may not have the issues I do...", "Hate that my BF had to pay so much but I love them!!  Next time We will stand in the line for them though!!", "Shoes are very nice and arrived on time. They just run small, I order a size 5 and I can't wear them for any length of time before my feet start hurting.", "I couldn't beat dis price wit a bat buz jus n da stores da were 250 nd I cop dem for almostm 1/3 of dat price thnk U amazon", "This is one of the few 100% cotton jackets that are well made and heavy.", "I love love love my jacket. It fits me exactly how I like it to and it is so comfortable. Im so happy I found this jacket.", "Got these for my son for the new school year.  Shopped around for Jordan's at mall and big-boxed sports stores but these topped them all-especially in price!  My son absolutely LOVES them.  If you're into Jordan's you can't go wrong with this purchase.", "Good fit", "After reading some of the reviews, I was worried that they would be bootleg sneakers but they are the real deal. They look just as good as all of my other Air Force oOes. I would definitely recommend them.", "these shoes are not the real nike air force ones, came with paint still on them. these are man made and fake!! do not buy if u want a quality sneaker!! warning", "Its funny how I wear sizes 11, but I had to get a size 11.5 but this is nice fits perfectly feels comfortable and not tight besides it looks fresh", "This is a great shoe, however, I cheated and tried it out in the store first to know what size I need. They are a bit hard to get into, however, once on the foot, they feel great.", "Great shoes, super fast shipping!!", "I was so slow before, now I run faster and jump higher!!! Great for jumping over walls and fences, if u know what I mean. Go JUTEP!!!", "wine & cranberry.  nice comborins a bit smalli got mine in a size 9 , but wouldve gotten 9", "I have Jordans which I did not want to ruin playing on a cement court. I saw these for a crazy clearance price when looking for cheap basketball shoes and had to get them. Best BBall performance shoes I have ever owned; not to mention they look real nice as well.", "I bought these shoes to work out in . They fit great and offer support in the gym. I play basket ball in them , they are a little heavy but I've also ran in them. No matter where i go they turn heads ... one of my best amazon clothes purchases", "This athletic shoe Nike Dunk Low(this specific pair of shoes)were not what I was expecting. It looks cheap by the price I paid and does not have a strong structure as the brand has always accomplish to show.From 1 to 10 I can rate it 6.5 considering the price I paid and the impression it gives comparing to the same shoes I have buy before.(It says it was made in China).If I knew there where made in China probably wouldn't buy them. I am not satisfied 100%. I was expecting more.", "Looks great, stands out without needing some crazy color.  super comfortable and still works with a nice collared shirt for a more dressed up look", "I get a lot of compliments with these shoes. They have really nice fabric and the color combination is fantastic. It feels great when I wear these shoes. It is made by Nike so it is a good brand.", "Bought these sneakers for my son to wear to work in a casual workplace.  They look perfect with khakis and are very comfortable.  They fit well and are true to size.", "It's comfortable and looks alright but I never wore it after the first week because i don't really like the all black look, but that's just me. I wouldn't buy them again", "Feels like a true &#34;balla&#34; when wearing his Lebron's, truly sports em. They only sell the white in store and was ecstatic to get them in red/black", "Daughter loves. Good deal!", "Wish I could buy a few more pairs. Great shorts, very comfy and lots of pockets. You won't regret buying them.", "Very comfortable, could be used as casual wear or for their intended purpose (ACG). I use them as work boots, I alternate with another pair of these in a different colorway and a pair of foamposite boots which are my favorite. Only thing I dislike is the leather is butter-soft so it scuffs easily. But hey, that's to be expected I do roadside assistance.", "These shoes are even better than I hoped for. They look awesome and might be the most comfortable shoe, I ever purchased. The size fit is accuate, my 11 fits like a true size 11. Mostly used when I workout, not to durable far as the shoe grip goes so dont plan to play active sports if you want the shoe to last.  Got alot of complements so far.", "Great, 5/5. Quick shipping, perfect fit. Great support, only downside is they take a little bit of time to put on, but great shoes overall.", "this shoes are nice and shipping was crazy took one day to get here! also very comfy too. the colors are nice and go great with my uniform only bad thing is that the soles turn yellow after a while", "nice shoes but bottom of the shoe turns piss yellow quickly. i recomend you dont wear it outside at all", "I actually look and seek these shoes out. I have a bad heel and this heel fit is awesome! My profession makes me wear these everday, and I do! I have light grey and yellow (bright green) and love those colors. Not a pink or black lover of colors.", "Since no one has offered a review on these shoes, maybe mine will help.  For the shoes I just found in a thrift store have the same 315115 number as the shoes pictured here (exactly 315115-114), and are in a different color combination (presumably the '114'), nearly new.  They have a great deal of cushioning, and the arch support is higher than I've found in other shoes.  But the footbed is not removable: a combination of glue and stitches hold it down.  You can force its removal.The sole doesn't seem like it would be good, has a kind of gel appearance and feels like plastic; but it has traction like gum rubber;  it is stiff.  The shoe is quite comfortable.  How well it lasts, I don't know, but according to the label it was manufactured between March and May of 2007.  It was made in China.Hence if the shoe even now appears nearly new, it was rarely worn: the sole's tread seems new, but has dirt in it.  That may indicate problems with the shoe.  If so, I'll report back here later.  Hence only 3 stars, pending usage.", "Very nice! My son was pleased with his choice, even though I was a little surprised he chose this color, I didn't even know it existed for some reason or I would have gotten me some. He says they fit very well, very comfy, easy to clean, and he recommends them to anyone!", "My fault. They are too small", "These were a little small for size 13 but otherwise good quality, prompt delivery. No complaints.  Would order up a size if on the larger spectrum.", "Very comfortable. Love the color. Nice shipping time. Glad I bought these. I get compliments on them all the time. Nice snug fit.", "These look great,  I had to get a pair!  Unfortunately I can't wear them more than about 2hrs cuz they are so narrow they kill my feet. I recommend trying them on in a local store,  I wear nike all the time, n never had this issue with another pair. I've had them awhile,  and they haven't broken in to be any more comfortable.  I wouldn't advise anyone to buy these unless you have a very narrow foot", "One of the better pair of running shoes I've ever purchased. They feel incredible and that's all you can really ask for from a shoe. I'm on 140km with them and may replace them with the same model when the time comes.", "It's good!", "first i got bad knees and a high archs . so biokinetically ( yea i made up that word ) speaking . im an orthopedic accident waiting to happen while running.on top of these shoes i also have top of the line graphite pads for my high arch feet (Pes cavus)i say all that to let you know im , like most people with slight issues in knees and feet , was not made for long pavement running .anyway . i had lots of super quality shoes . asics , saucony triumph  etc.this cheaper shoe is better . much better.it is like running on a pillow .i still need to keep myself running on treadmills rather then pavements cause of my bad knees . but all the other injuries i used to suffer almost instantly with other shoes are gone with these ! .their looks from a very close inspection is very crude but from a normal point of view they look nice. and they are as reviewers say . built to last . a lot longer then other companies shoes which makes u switch them every year atleast.personally i know that some day my &#34;special&#34; legs+knees+feet combo will crack and yell foul and ill have to resort to swimming . eclipticaling ( yea ..another word i made up ) and the likes.but these shoes help a lot delaying that inevitable day .bottom line : heavier then saucony triumph . but much more protective...as if made especially for those of us who were not born with perfect knees .", "very nice shoes in these first days that I'm using them.  Definitlely to be recommended for runners needing cushioning and flexibility", "Seems a bit shorter than all my previous Pegasus shoes; i.e., six earlier editions.  Almost sent them back but decided to give them a further try.", "Fit and cushion expected Excellent!!", "Air Pegasus are very good neutral running shoes.  They provide stability, but enough flexibility to keep you from developing injuries.  The mesh upper area keeps your feet cool and makes the shoes lightweight.  The shoes are very durable and hold up well for hundreds of miles of comfortable running.", "The shoes looks great. they gets noticed , but the fit is a bit tight in the big toe area. If worn all day, they can tend to get a little uncomfortable, as I have worn them for a whole day, I suppose I cant return them , so I hope with time maybe they'll stretch a bit , but the width and cushion and arch support make them comfortable otherwise , just wish I had bought them a size longer.", "WAS  AND IS A GREAT DEAL SHOES ARE WPRN DAILY BY RECEIPENT.  I  AM CONSTANTLY LOOKING FOR DEALS LIKE THIS", "Shoe was nice but too small for me.", "I have worn Pegasus for literally 20+ years, I currently run 25 miles per week and weigh 170 lbs, run about a 3:50 marathon. These feel to me like some of the better, more comfortable Pegasus models I have worn in the past. I generally like Nike shoes because they fit my feet well but they frustrate me at times because the ones I like (e.g Vomero 5) are sometimes replaced by successors that are quite a bit different, functionality-wise, but that is an old story.A quick note on the sizing of these: I tried Hokas and loved the cushion but they are just too narrow for my feet. I had to give them up. I tried Vomero 9s, and those too were too tight so I went to Vomero 9 wides, and those fit very well. The regular width 30+ Pegasus fits me fine, not too narrow. I'm just trying to share a couple examples in case you have tried similar shoes. Speaking of the Vomero 9s I would recommend them about the same as these, with the exception of needing a wider model. My knees need a little more cushioning (I'm 53) and both of these Nike models (Pegasus 30 and Vomero 9s) allow me to run without pain or injury.", "Great shoe. Well made and very comfy. Was recommended for those who supinate.  I am not a runner, but walk many mile daily.  A keeper.", "Of course Nike Quality is there,  they are lightweight and very comfortable. Excellent support in the foot bed !", "I had bought these Nike's as a replacement for my Nike Free Run's 3.0, for better support. Reviews were mostly positive, however, when I received, my left foot fit perfectly, while my right foot was tight and uncomfortable. Never experienced this before, and must be some sort of manufacturing tolerance they allow between left and right. Anyway, my sons keep telling me I first need to break them in, which is what I'm doing right now. Feels better after a couple days, and ok enough for me to keep them, but I did not expect this. Overall the shoes are good, but not as comfortable as my Free Run's 3.0. Better support for my feet. Took them out on a couple runs, but still trying to break through the tight right foot.", "These fit very well and are very light. Great shoe for working on your feet! Will buy Nike again for sure", "They are wicked comfortable, like walking on air, and the colors are bright and the black and white detail is just right.", "the arch is quite pronounced but you get used to it (I found it much more pronounced on my left foot, this happened to every Experience Run 2 I've tried on Sports Authority... maybe it's my foot but I have no problem with other shoes).", "I've had these shoes for about 3 weeks now. They fit as expected and have been very comfortable. The cushioning in the shoe is very easy on my feet when running, playing basketball, or doing physical activities in general. I will update in a few months with how the shoe holds up to extended use, but for now, I am very happy with it.", "it is nike so don't need questions, fits ok and the color is cool, it arrived in the right date and I recommend it", "I have come to find that Nike running shoes fit my foot perfectly.  I love the consistency in their product line so that I can depend on all shoes in my size from Nike fitting, every time.These are great, light shoes that fit and function just fine.  The price is hard to beat for a Nike shoe.  The Nike logo is a decal, which I'm not a big fan of, but for the price I can't complain.", "I love this shoes, the are perfect for running. Pretty nice color. I loved these shoes, they are perfect for running, the foot can sweat properly.", "I run about 3 miles daily and this shoes are very comfortable, it fit very good, and very light", "Long time since I have had Nike sneakers and now I can't remember why I didn't have them. Very comfortable and still good for day to day wear as well as running. Great shoe.", "goood ,,fit well and comfortable,, nice colors and expect more than this ,, i use them for run and they nice", "I had bought a pair at Big5 and liked them so much I bought a second pair  so I could have a pair for work and a casual pair for after hours.", "RUNS SMALL. I ALREADY NEW IT DID SO I ORDERED THE NEXT SIZE UP. PERFECT FIT AND COMFORTABLE", "I use this sneakers running outdoors and exercising at the gym. They are light, with cushion and support. I love them!", "Daughter loves them....", "Like jogging on clouds", "Have a pair already and use them for work . They are so comfortable i had to get another pair.", "I found my first pair of these at a running store, and decided to get a second pair to switch with while training for a half ironman.  I got blisters in my previous pair - but no blisters with the Pegasus.  Great sneaker for my foot and needs.  My foot runs a little wide, but isn't a &#34;W&#34; width.  Some other sneakers I tried on were either too tight on my forefoot, or pinched/rubbed/cut into my Achilles heel.  These have a nice soft back - they stay firmly on and don't slide around, and no more blisters!", "Love the feel and the color. But if you're a runner, these are probably not the running shows for you. I wear them for fun, or to the gym.", "There are no words for how amazing this shoe is. I am sorry I haven't looked at the Nike Pegasus in a long time. I feel like a kid again running in these shoes - they are that perfect. The cushioning is firm without being spongy. The new trend seems to be \"spongy\" cushioning that is not good for tendons around your ankle and calf.  (Asics!) I have a neutral strike with no suponating or pronating, and I have high arches. If that describes you, this may be the shoe for you. I love it.", "I consistently replace my running shoes with Nike Pegasus kicks and they are always great and always fit perfect.  Love 'em!", "Great running shoe with a great price. These shoes offer quite a bit support and are roomy in the toe area.  Any Nike shoe I buy, I get a 1/2 larger than my normal size.", "Good shoe", "Very comfortable, and great delivery!", "Excellente", "Shoe ran small and narrow. Nice shoe if it fits.I have difficult feet to fit. Sell did a fantastic job.", "These shoes are my absolute favorite! Feels like I'm running on marshmallows! I would totally recommend these to anyone looking for a new pair of sneakers!", "Best running shoes ever, hands down. I love these sneakers. I was worried they wouldn't be as good as the 29s, but they are just as comfy. Although I still like the styling of the 29s a little more.", "We got these for my granddaughter who says she wears them everyday to journey back and forth across campus.  She loves them and says they fit true to size!", "I brought these shoes at a Fleet Street store after requesting sneakers that would not aggravate bunions. After a professional fitting I was surprised that I needed a 10 - normally I take a 9. A few weeks later I got custom-made orthotics and found that I can place them in the shoe without removing the inside. I wore these sneakers for a few months to Zumba class and treadmill workouts then took them on a 2 week trekking trip to Chlie/Bolivia - no bunion pain whatsoever. I just ordered my second pair since my original pair went through water, sand and rocks and look it :)", "Nike Air Pegasus +30 is an excellent cushioned running shoe. This type of shoe seem to be increasingly difficult to find. Nike fits true to size and the heels wear well (they don't run down quickly). If you need a shoe for over pronation, I don't think this would be stable enough, but for a flat footed supinator like me this shoe works well.", "One of my favorite Nike sneakers hands down. They are very comfortable & would recommend them to everyone. Want to order now in different colors. Just waiting for the price to go down a bit.", "Great fit.", "my wife read the reviews before purchasing and saw that the sizes ran a little small so we got a size larger than she normally wears.  Accounting for the slightly smaller sizes, the shoes fit her well after going up a size and she is happy with them so far.", "Have always been my fav running shoe! I have tried fancier ones and hated them. Love the simplicity of Pegasus", "All I can say about these shoes is......&#34;slippers!!!&#34; Very,very comfortable! &#128077;", "There are several things that disappointed me:1.  The soles are so thin that the ball of my foot started hurting on a half-mile walk.2.  There is no pad at the toe, so that when I walked uphill, my toes took a bruising.3.  My ankle began hurting because of the lack of support.4.  This particular style- pink an grey, looks MUCH worse than in the photo.  I ordereda pair and they don't even look like tennis shoes.  They look like some sleazy off-brand.I own three pairs of Pegasus - all are over 10 years old.  They are so wonderfullycomfortable.  And so sturdy.  It is depressing to see Nike killing off thisonce fantastic shoe.", "Most comfortable shoes I've ever worn, however, they are falling apart after just a few months of wearing them to work. And I work a desk job so I'm sitting most of the time. Never even ran in them. The rear of the shoe has worn down to the plastic support so now there's plastic digging into my heel.", "Not a robust product. One shoe's air cell burst in 3 months under low-moderate use. Do not recommend this product.", "If you thought these shoes were nice looking, think again because they are so comfortable, and built to last. Can't go wrong with this product as it was well worth the cash!", "Got this for my ex when we were together. He loved them and wore them all the time. Said they were very comfortable and that they were helping him with his back pain and posture.", "I bought these for everyday general wear. My previous +2 generation pair had finally fallen apart and it was time for an upgrade. After wearing these for nearly 5 weeks, I can safely tell you that these shoes are incredible. They are both light and stylish and when wearing them, it's hard to even notice I've got shoes on at all. Top to bottom, I can't recommend them enough.", "I actually ordered this type of running shoe before, and as soon as I got it and ran on them...went and ordered up another pair.  I wear an 8.5 shoe size...and it figures, this is just a scotch too big (in a size 9), which makes the sizing perfect.  Great running shoe, got here fast, and fits as it should.", "Very comfortable shoes! Super light! I will not hesitate to buy another pair when these get old. Highly recommended to anyone.", "Love them, great running shoes and great shoes for any occasion", "I waited less than one day and they have already been delivered. My size is 42.5 EUR and I ordered 9.5 US. It's fit as expected. I liked it!", "Was somewhat hesitant to order online, but the fit was as described.  Could not be more happy with these shoes and how well they fit.  Great for lifting and normal workouts.", "Favorite running shoes yet!  They have great ankle support for people who need it, they are comfortable, and stylish! Friends are always complimenting me on the great pair.", "Prompt delivery. Very nice shoes", "the running shoes were what we wanted. will be ordering them again when needed.very comfortable great pricethank youshirley", "These shoes are awesome. Its like your walking on clouds.", "Awesome shoe", "Nice shoe very comfy and supportive and a Awsome looking shoe too! Worth every cent . If your looking for a shoe to take your fitness to the next level then this will do it!", "My son loves these, great color and fit. Has bought the same shoe in more than one color. Good buy.", "I wore these around the house for a few days first.  Like any new shoes, it took a few days to feel &#34;right&#34;, but now they do.  Size as expected.  Took them out on their first run and all seemed well. Quite light.I'm only giving them 4 stars cause I haven't worn them enough yet.  I may come back and revise this rating.", "I bought these shoes looking for something versatile. Something I can wear to the gym, short jogs and walking. I made the mistake of wearing a pair of sneakers (Asic Tiger) on my trip to Europe last year. With all the walking, my feet and legs were aching. Planning for my trip this year, I was looking for something versatile. I could do plenty of walking in and also wear for jogs/workouts while abroad.These shoes are very comfortable. They're extremely light. I had to make sure both shoes were in the bag when I left the mall. That said I probably wouldn't be using these shoes for longer runs but they're excellent for my needs.", "A whole back I had bought a par of Lunar Forever and they were great. But when it came time to buy new running shoes, I decided to buy FS lites. Don't buy FS lites for daily running. However when I bought these Lunarglide 5's, I was very happy. Best cushioning I've had in running shoes. And not to mention they aren't very heavy. Well done Nike.", "Very good shoe. I valet for a living these shoes are exactly want I needed. I'm happy with them.", "I love the shoes &#128526; worth the money", "I Like nike sneakers since  I was kid but u have to be carefull because the one made in Vietnam is fake nike poor material but the china made is the real one", "Although my husband wears size 8, the left side appeared to be a bit small.  I should have chosen an 8.5 instead.", "Nice look and Nike as expected, comfortable wear and can stay in it all day.", "Product delivered promptly and as expected", "Overall a fine shoe with some minor issues.Fine shock absorbtion, good for indoor and outdoor badketball.", "Bought these for my husband that's on his feet all day, he loves them. Honestly he sounds like a woman that just received a new pair of heels he was that exciteed about them. These are light weight & even on concrete all day they give great support. Would buy again!", "better to by a half size more..  but the  true size  fits too", "It is a little tight at first and it needs better cushioning.  Love the color and it may take a while to adjust to my feet.", "I ordered these for my son. He is tough on shoes and his feet sweat horribly. The last pair of these I bought lasted a whole year, which is more than twice as long as all the others I have bought (usually Reebok or New Balance). They are light weight and breathable which helps keep sweating (and stinking) to a minimum. I would definitely recommend!", "This shoe fits really well and is comfy; however, after I actually began to walk around in them I began to feel pressure on my heels. The pressure from my heels jolted up to my knees and then caused my hamstrings to feel inflamed all leading to lower back pain instantly. I am a 26 year old male who stays active, participating in a wide range of activities from distance running to surfing. I have never had a shoe cause me so many problems in a such a short time. In the store they felt great but after about 4 hours of real use they only gave me problems. Aside from those issues this shoe is flimsy and the doesn't offer any support. They fit snug but I can still my feet shifting from side to side inside the shoe. The side lace straps that are meant to hold your feet from the sides rather then the top do not serve there purpose unless you tighten down the laces to the point where the shoe is too tight to wear. If you want to buy a shoe that looks nice and will make your closet look pretty then I recommend these. If you are a regualr Nike wearer than these shoes might work for you. This is only my third pair of Nikes that I decided to give a try; I won't be trying on any more Nikes after this shoe. If you are new to running or want to get out walking more I recommend you go to a Fleet Feet or Road Runners or a shoe store along those lines, unless you already know without a doubt that these shoes are right for you then order them. If not, purchasing these shoes from Amazon is a bad idea.", "chevere", "I am using Nike since almost 1.5 years . I know it is good brand but this time i gave a try to buy from amazon . Amazon showed me various sizes available and gave me various options to make a choice . I am very comfortable with shoes . Thanks amazon", "Bought those shoes as a gift for a friend of mine and they fitted as expected.ProsNice DesignGood sellerConsPrice", "Very bad running shoe! This is a patent of real. I want 39 and this is 41. What can i do?!", "I like the shoes.", "Quality of the shoe looks better online the material of this shoes is cheap looking shoe is super light would think it would be heaver for a sport shoe. But over all it was good for the price want be buying anymore from inline.", "perfecto", "They're not Nike's LunarSwift shoe -- and why Nike chose to discontinue their LunarSwift is beyond what my feet absolutely feel when they feel their best in any running shoe ---- but they come as close to comfort and function as I've yet to encounter.", "I had these shoes for about 6-7 months. My foot ripped through the side.  I've had cheaper shoes  that have lasted longer than that.  I guess they are better for lighter use.  Other than that they were ok on the court, but off the court its the most uncomfortable thing to walk around in.", "My 8 years son love it", "They are perfect for every moment.", "these are great shoes for work since i move around alot. they are lightweight and breathable. so go buy em", "Hi loved my Nike", "Like the style, color and they way it fits.  Very comfortable as well and great for jogging or just everyday wear.", "Like these shoes very much.", "I love this shoe so much I bought it in 3 different colors!  comfortable and wider than most nike running shoes", "Pretty good shoe for the price. Size seems to run pretty accurate.  Using them just for running on home treadmill.  Happy with purchase.", "Im very happy with these shoes and couldn't believe on the price again very much i was looking for something like these shoes...", "My son had me order these for him.  They are black on black.  Look really nice.  He wears them with anything from jeans to shorts to khakis.  Look nice.  Size is true.  Nike always makes a great product.", "as expected, they are comfortable and the perfect fit I would recommend to anyone looking for a pair great shoes", "These shoes are very narrow for someone who has BIG wide feet..I like the look of the shoes but they are very narrow", "The design of shoes make it not comfortable in the front toe area. Hurt when you play basketball or when training.", "These are good shoes, but I would not recommend if you have wide feet. My feet are only slightly wider than normal, so they are still comfortable.", "Love them!", "Great shoes! Very comfortable!", "My daughter bought Nike Dual Fusion running shoes for her training as a professional Muay Thai fighter. It lasted for a year and were very good shoes. Then she bought these after the original pair had worn out, thinking they were the same shoes.It turned out that they were not. I don't know what Nike had done behind the scenes, but after training as before for a couple of weeks, she suffered such severe injuries (IT-Band Syndrome) that she has had to give up Muay Thai. She can hardly do any exercise involving running or cycling as a result.When she tried to contact the store, they said no refunds or replacements. When she tried to contact Nike customer services, they fobbed her off by telling her to go back to the store. The email responses were anonymous. None of the phone numbers in the email worked (one was a sex line in the USA, the others either didn't connect or played a message saying that they were busy).And there was no acknowledgement or concern that their product had wrecked her sports career.BEWARE - AVOID NIKE PRODUCTS! They are no good for serious sports play (at the amateur level, that is). Their sports shoes are merely fashion products aimed at gullible consumers. No self-respecting sports professional would use Nike products unless they have been paid to do so, or more likely it's because they don't get the same gear that is sold in the stores to ordinary consumers.NIKE PRODUCTS CAN CAUSE SERIOUS AND LONG-LASTING MUSCLE INJURIES.AVOID", "Perfect", "Received my shipment earlier than the expected date. Great shoe and fits well as expected. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a comfortable and light weight shoe. I have worn it several times after receiving it and am more than happy with the product.", "I'm sure it was a honest mistake that they sent me a similar looking shoe but not the dual fusion shoe. :-) Nice.", "I had recently started working out again after a very long &#34;rest&#34;.  I was wearing another name brand shoe and found my feet where bothering me a bit as I do the treadmill a lot.  I decided to use my gift card and purchased these shoes.  The very first day I could tell a HUGE difference in the way my feet felt.  They felt like walking on air compared to the other shoes.  The fit was fine and I honestly can say the last two days that I have worn them, I have walked an extra mile without foot issues.  I highly recommend this shoe for walking or running.  The price is more than fair and they look pretty cool to boot!", "I LOVE these shoes, and the look beautiful on, and they are so comfortable, and I couldn't be more pleased!!  These are great for walking and for running.  I've also had many compliments on these beautiful and comfortable shoes.", "good good  good good goodit's good  perfect with my friendso  it's good with the priceI like it", "I wear 6.5 but the fit is more like a size 7. I ended up giving it to my daughter.", "Good shoe. I was looking for a good shoe for training at the gym. I needed good support and these work well.", "perfect", "They would've fit just fine if I had been sent the shoe I ordered, which is a women's shoe, not a men's shoe.", "I bought the grey/green ones first.  Over 100 miles through rain, snow, and average Atlanta weather and they still looked new.  So I bought this black pair.  Nike fits good for me, I go a half size larger for running shoes.", "This are by far my favorite running shoes. I've tried many running shoes, brands, styles, etc. but I've never experienced shoes where I feel comfortable right off the bat and most importantly shoes that have the necessary support when running long distances.", "Good shoe. Very comfortable  like the color. Wish they had white. Would order again if they made a solid white shoe.", "My wife has never bought shoes off-line before.  She loves these!  She said they are light and comfortable, plus they are a pretty pink! Whatever....", "They are very comfortable with a nice light weight feeling plus provides great support.", "Love these shoes!  Very light and very comfortable.", "Got fitted at a running store for these shoes. I was looking for a pair of running shoes for my first marathon! So far i love them. They are a GREAT color and i feel awesome running in them.", "it's perfect and lightweight and breathable. supports for pronation but not quite enough. other than that, everything was perfect. thanks!", "ok", "I love this shoe. I've had 2 previous lunarglide shoes and I've never been disappointed...no exception with this shoe. Nice, bright colors and amazing support. The sole in this shoe is so comfortable. As always, you can't go wrong with the Nike+ The easiest way for me to track my runs.", "I bought these in a 9 thinking they would fit because I had tried a 9 on in the store. I got them and they were way too small. Its not the sellers fault, it's mine, I just wish I didn't have to go through the shipping back process. I love the coziness of them and also the color though. The seller was very nice about letting me return them though.", "too bad they sent the wrong color .... but purple looks good too :)other than that - everything just fine", "I love this shoe, I have been exercising for about 7 months and I struggle to do certain exercises such as lunges because I have flat feet and I overpronate so I'm always shaking to the side. I researched and heard about theses sneakers and what a difference it  makes. It keeps my feet planted firm and no rolling. I recommend this if you have the same condition as I do", "I love the color the fit and the feel very nice shoe Nike always does a great job with there shoes and the quality.", "I really love them, so comfortable. Hope they'll last long or..by the time I'll need new ones they'll be still on sale.", "Very light weight  shoes and comfortable one. The support for the foot all a round and flat foot is great.", "These shoes fit well.  I get a lot of compliments on the look.  I love how they feel.  I would buy them again.", "I have been in the military for 14 years so I wear a lot of boots.Hands down these are the lightest boots I have had.Out of the box they fit and were comfortable.As I wore them for the next few weeks they actually fit better and got more comfortable.On the downside I can tell they wont last more than a few months, maybe a year of hard use, but in garrison or not hard use, they will last probably two or three years.", "Best purchase from Amazon so far.", "I really had a hard time writing a review for theses shoes, that being I want to keep them hidden from the world. they fit a lil snug but as expected from any new pair of shoes. the comments and double takes on these beauties pays for them the first couple days of wearing them. will be buying more of the Lunar force 1 shoes.", "i got to say these shoes are one of a kind. They might be brightly colored but who cares when they feel so comfortable on your feet. It feels that you can have them on forever and never get soar feet from them. love these things", "Nike soccer shoes are really good shoes for many reasons. One reason is that they last for a long time. Since I've been small and playing soccer, I've always had a pair of Nike shoes. My Nike shoes never got ripped and were always in good shape and lasted me until I grew out of them. Since I've been getting older I switched to Nike Mercurial soccer shoes. These shoes are the best because they are really lightweight and are for a good price of $79.99.  Right when you walk onto the field you will get noticed because of the colorful colors on them. Their material is very comfortable and not too thicks. I've had a past expierence with Mercurials - a soccer tournament - when I wore them for the first time, and I loved how they performed and how I could play really good with them. Also friends noticed them and wanted to get some like mine. So if you are looking for good, cheap, lightweight, and comfortable cleats, buy a pair of Nike Mercurial.-Ivan Figueroa", "If you know your Nike sizes, it's a breeze to order", "I've been playing soccer recreationally for 3 years and have gone through about 6 pairs of cleats in this time.  These cleats are by far the worst I've ever worn, and that includes the $20 pair Diadoras I bought from Big 5.Pros:- awesome neon colorsCons:- thick plastic synthetic uppers have absolutely no give, do not break in- hard, narrow soles have chewed up my feet like no other cleat has ever done.  I've built up 20 layers of callus on the ball of each foot, a portion of which rips off every week.  It's beginning to look like that pit from 300.  But instead of shouting WE ARE SPARTA!!! and kicking the Persian into the pit, it just hurts.- the toebox is freakishly narrow.  It squeezes the toes together such that they become numb within seconds of lacing them up. No feeling = no feel.  To compound the problem, the upper forms around the foot in a fashion that creates a round surface, which makes for an impossibly unpredictable touch.  I CANNOT accurately strike the ball in these cleats.  I'll take the same touch 10 times and it will go in 10 different places, often extremely widely separated in distance. That should never happen.- the lack of control is not limited to the toebox but extents to the whole shoe.  The heel is so stiff, thick and narrow that simple back-touches that are routine in my other cleats are unpredictable to the extent that they often clang off my plant foot. And passing touches off the inside of the foot often skip right off the cleat and curve wildly.I've bought Nike cleats before, and I've never been satisfied with their durability. I've never had a Nike cleat last longer than six months (usually closer to 2 or 3) without the soles tearing off the uppers in predictable and aggravating places.  These are slightly better in that regard, likely due to the fact that the uppers are made from 80 layers bulletproof vinyl.  They have only removed themselves a fraction of a bit from the soles just posterior to the ball of the foot, where all of my cleats have done.If you MUST own Nikes, I recommend the T90 line.  They have a much wider toebox that is not only more comfortable but results in a hell of a lot better control on strikes and passes.  The uppers are thinner, more forgiving and offer vastly improved feel in comparison to the Mercurial Victory IV, and the touch all around the cleat including the heel is infinitely better.  I rarely mistouch while wearing them and can place it accurately 9 times out of 10.  In addition to the wider toebox, the off-center laces provide greater surface area for striking. The uppers are also flatter on top, resulting in a much more powerful and accurate strike.  Of all the features of the shoes, my favorite is probably on the tongue.  It's wide, it sits flat, and it's extremely comfortable.  Unlike the thick, miserable tongue on the Victory IV's which chews into your foot as soon as you tighten the laces.I purchased the Mercurial Victory IV's after being disappointed with the pathetic durability of the T90 Shoot IV's.  They shredded themselves in several places where the upper meets the sole. They DO NOT handle wet conditions.  They also have this plastic textured material meant to help you curve the ball, which it definitely does, however if you're playing with any of the run-of-the-mill soccer balls sold in stores like the Nike Predator, they will catch on the ball covering and trip you occasionally as you are dribbling.  I swore I'd never wear Nike's again after the Victories, as they are across-the-board ridiculously overpriced fragile pieces of crap.  However, after wearing these cleats today for the first time in 6 months since I bought the Mercurial Victory IV's, they felt like angels kissing my feet.  Suddenly all of the touches that I routinely botched with the Victories were perfectly on point again.  When I got home from the game I immediately purchased a pair of the T90 Strikes, which are supposedly the slightly higher quality version of the T90 Shoots - because I was actually able to get them for a lower price than the T90 Shoots.  I hope the sizing and fit is the same.  Being Nike's, I'm sure they'll shred themselves just as quickly, but California's drought will preserve them for longer.  Either way, they will be well worth the $55 dollars I spent on them if they preserve my feet for the next few months of 4 days of soccer a week.", "I bought this for my son who is 13 yrs old and plays soccer.  To be honest, he was the one who picked the color and style and he loves them.  For him the color matches with the cleats of some of the soccer players in Brazil, so he is thrilled with his pair.", "great shoes for a person thats just starting a mid fielder or above these shoes are perfect also good for ball control", "These shoes are amazing!!! They can fit for thin or wide foot and look sick! I don't have any negative comments for these shoes; they're light, comfortable, and balanced. They're also great for long-range passing and shooting. I recommend these to anyone who is looking for cleats that are all-around awesome!", "It was my daughter Christmas gift, she love, everybody keep asking where did she buy it.. Just perfect will buy again", "I typically wear a size 6 - 6.5, and these fit great out of the box. I've been using them for ultimate frisbee, and they're awesome. I did my research ahead of time, and I feel like these were a great choice. The construction seems solid and I feel like these will last a while. They aren't super cushioned, but they are definitely light and agile.Overall, I gave these five stars because they do what they're supposed to do and do it well.", "I bought these shoes because they're cute. I have plantar fascitis (undiagnosed) and the tight fit on the shoe felt so good on my heels. For a few days (I've only had them a week) I didn't have any foot pain. I would definitely get another pair of these shoes I just wish I could find them in another color.", "A little small, but something I can hold...Should recommend to buy half size bigger. Anyway the color is beautiful and cushion is great!", "83 Pegasus rule", "These shoes are very nice, very comfortable. However, they are a little narrow, for those who may have wide feet", "great bday gift for my soccer loving son", "These are very comfortable and classic shoes.  Break in period was extremely short. Within a couple of days they were feeling real good. I would recommend these to anyone.", "If you like to pay a lot of money to be lied to this is the sneaker to buy on Amazon from this company... If not save your money and go to a store!!!", "I purchased these on a whim. They turned out to be a very, very nice product. thanks for such a nice product.", "I wear a sz 11. Fits perfect. Not too tight. Not too big. &#34;lunar&#34; sole for walking on the moon. If you thought your free runs were comfy, wait till you slip these on. The style is diffrent but still very sexy. A refreshing break from the other trendy shoes. The mesh material looks like itll go a long ways till it will crease.", "I now own 3 pairs in each color...  THEY ARE AMAZING.  ultralight, breathable, feel like socks.If ninja's had shoes, these are what they would wear.I have never written a shoe review before...  but what the hell ... awesome", "Awesome shoes!  Look very cool and very light cushiony feel!  Love the sone piece slip on cobstruction!  They actually have a cery light minimal feel on your feet.", "I bought these from an outside retailer (DSW) in Military Blue. They're super comfortable, but as a big dude, they run narrow and small. I bought them in my usual size of 11.5, but had to go back and get a size and a half larger. The size 13's are fantastic. Awesomely comfortable.", "I love the way Nike running shoes feel, and these Dual Fusion Forever shoes carry on that tradition. I don't actually run or even jog, just love the comfort of lightweight, well cushioned shoes and these do not disappoint. They are very comfortable for every day wear or just on weekends or time off from work. I found the sizing to be spot on (size 11), but if your not used to a running style shoe they may feel snug, not front to back 'though, more like they're hugging your feet. That's how they support your feet through the motion of running. Great shoe at a good price.", "Like most of the pair of Nike sneakers I have bought, I love these they are very comfortable and I really can hustle along in them. They are light weight and fit very well.", "These are great, if you are under 300 lbs, 2 months of use these poped the inner air suspension and begun to make squeak noises", "We are satisfied, thanks &#128079;", "Well made socks, but they still get &#34;eaten&#34; by my shoes.  My brother has some ankle socks (by Nike)  with a  right foot and left foot  that  are far less prone to slipping down into your shoes.  His socks seem to have some extra ribbing around the arch, but I can't find that kind!  Where are they???", "Excellent soccer cleats. Snug fit. Great sole support. Great traction and acceleration with stud design pattern. I do prefer the feel and added protection of the synthetic leather used in the Victory over the softer and more expensive leather material used with the Velocoe. Fantastic cleats", "these boots are worth the money and the time amazing qaulity an hold up in many conditions such as rain and snow love these boots", "Great quality socks, but a bit pricey.  My Grandson was very excited to get these. Would buy these socks again.", "Sent two accidentally", "No stars for this one! Deceptive Marketing by this company due to the fact the socks have three colors.They don't show you a picture of the backside of the sock because the color is HOT PINK, who is is going to buy a sock like this!Buyer beware of A plus.", "It says large clearly on the sock and I have these colors worn by many people in my area. Ok", "Awesome", "perfect fit for grandson.  He loves the color and wears them all the time.", "Great shoe, great price.  My son really likes the look and feel of the shoes.  Honestly I would like a pair like these.", "I bought these shoes on a whim for my son. Even thought they are plain black (with the exception of the Nike Swoosh symbol) they are very sleek. I would definitely recommend these shoes.", "quality = GREATwe have (believe it or not) used these for 7 months,.,.,,we bought them big but they stretch a tad so they are great esp. for a wide little foot :)", "My brother loves thes shoes.", "This is the first time I have bought Nikes for my 5 year old.  The last two pairs of sneakers he had, wore out almost immediately.  These are now over a month old and the soles haven't worn out at all.  They look great too and are easy for him to get on by himself.  I will definitely buy these again when he outgrows them!", "great shoes, They have been worn daily for months and are still going strong.", "My boy love his new shoes!  He was very excited about getting them. Couldn't wait to get themthank you!", "Hi, I bought one for my son. But the size was problem.I expected a little bit loose size. But this shoes was too tight. Other thing were good except the size.So next time i will order one and half size bigger.", "Disappointed because the shoes,said to be size 5 M, do not fit my son. They are extremely narrow. To top it off I paid  $17.00 to ship two pair of shoes and have to pay to return them. So I will be out of at least $30.00 for a product I cannot use.", "My son love this shoes, fit very good and the color is like his uniform. High quality and protect my son very good .", "These are cool. My 9 year old loves them. They are holding up well and give great support for him too.", "This is the second pair I have bought for my son.  A good shoe and it holds up with playing and sports.  He loves thm and I love the price!", "They have been a very good shoe for my son and he love's them! I would recommend them to anyone very pleased with them.", "My son loves them and I do as well. He took them on vacation to Orlando. He says their very comfy.", "My 15 month old loves these shoes.  He gets them muddy and they are easy to clean.  Easy to put on as well.  Worth the money.", "My son loves the shoes. Theye were a little pricey but as long as he like them, I guess it's ok.", "I'm use to very light weight shoe. Bought them for more appearance than anything. Still to heavy", "Bought these for my 11 year old daughter. She loves them!! Practically wears them every day despite having other shoes and sneakers.", "They are a perfect fit, and very secure on the feet. So cute too !!!  I am very happy with them.", "Love it", "The amazing thing about these shoes is that they are super light weight - I've never worn anything like it before. Unfortunately they do run small. I am a solid 7.5, which is what I ordered, but my toes were right up the top. Sadly I will have to send them back.", "great support and super cool laces - already owned a pair so knew my size was rightI love these shoes!", "This review is mainly about sizing and shipping by the seller Shoezoo.Before pulling the trigger on this pair of shoes, I did a bit of researching on the Nike Free shoes.  Apparently, there are much complaint about its sizing, especially for this particular model, for being too small.  Despite that, I still bought a pair in my regular shoe size (6.5). To be honest, I was nervous before they arrived but once I received and tried them on I was very pleased with my decision to buy this pair of shoes and in my regular size.The fit was quite perfect as they nicely wrap around the entire foot.  I had no problem with them being too narrow or tight.  Rather, I'd say it is a better fitting shoe than most athletic shoes which have a lot of toe wiggling room thereby making certain exercises hard to do. The shoes, as they fit, make me feel like I am barefoot but with the tech support of athletic shoes.As for the shipping, I was very very pleased with the speed for I have received them a couple of days after buying them, but I was not too fond with the way the shoes were shipped.  The shoes were placed inside the original Nike shoe box; however, only a white plastic shipping bag was tightly wrapped around the box so some areas on the box was creased when it arrived.  Nevertheless, because Nike shoe boxes are generally strong, despite the creases, this box did not get crushed or collapsed during shipping so the shoes were not damaged, and that is why this review still gets full stars.", "This is an AWESOME shoe! I absolutely LOVE IT, but Amazon has this listed as a running shoe, but it is NOT. This is a training shoe!!", "I like the color, the fleece, the hoodie. But i miss a hole for headphones", "So good I have 2 of these hoodies", "These shoes are perfect. I just went for a run and they felt amazing, most comfortable running shoes I have ever worn.  Definitely worth buying. And on top of that they look amazing.", "I bought these for my son and he loves them. They fit perfectly and are comfortable.", "aaa+", "Worn them for a while and still haven't shaped to my feel", "I bought these for one of my boys. They fit great and he loves them.", "My husband bought my son a pair of these at the mall in a different color and paid way more.  Love them because they are wide enough and stylish.  They also stand up to the daily pounding that a twelve-year old puts them through.", "The shoes are tight across the instep", "Great for indoors playing!", "Liked it very much stylish. Size fits well. Everyone will like this. Price was also good. Will recommend to all.", "I purchased these shoes for my husband. He has worn several types of Nike shoes in the past and has always liked them. Recently, I convinced him to try some other brands like New Balance and Sketcher. Those shoes sit in the closet worn only once as he claimed they either didn't fit right or didn't look right. I found these Air Visi Pro shoes and suggested he stick with Nike from now on since they have never let him down. These didn't let him down at all. They look really nice and he swears they are the best Nike shoes he has worn yet. These are so comfortable in fact, that I am getting him a second pair now to have ready when he needs a replacement in case I can't find them a year or so from now!", "product came damaged. Loop for the laces was unattached for one spot which makes the sneakers not useable. Nice sneakers but can't be used...", "Very comfortable shoe that is actually made to play basketball in, which has become increasingly rare in &#34;basketball&#34; shoes.", "The shoes fit, but it is a snug size 11, and it was listed as &#34;Wide&#34;! Like the 'Air', overall feet feel good. I wear them to work, on me feet a good part of the day, and only one day in the last month did me feet bother me, the first day--breaking them in. Arrived a day early too!", "Husband like it", "Nike Quality at it's best ! This shoe is super light..it fits perfect and looks great with Jeans or Shorts. Great product as expected from Nike.", "Good job guys", "Perfectly fine!!!! B-)", "This shoes are great and the store SHOEZOO is amazing.. Because they sent me the shoes In  2 days. I purchased it thank you so much", "I love this shoe...now that I have a good pair of them. I purchased a pair of them and after about a week of use there was a lump in the sole of one of them. After attempting to fix it to no avail I exchanged it for another pair and all was good. Great for working out in. Highly recommend.", "The shoe bottom fell apart after only wearing the shoe a few times. Disappointed because of that. My boyfriend liked the appearance of the shoe. Would have been perfect if the bottom of shoe wouldn't have fallen apart!", "It fits as expected. Lighter as well.", "Fit as expected - just as other size 10.5 sneakers.  Well-made.  This is my son's second pair.  He bought the first in a store and was happy to find these on-line.", "We ordered a 3.5 his size three Nikes we small, so a 3.5 would have been perfect. These sizes run pretty small when we opened up the box my 11 year old and I could see that shoes looked a little small. He tried them on and they fit, but just barely. I would recommend getting a t least a halve size bigger than needed and hopefully it works out better for you than me. On the other hand, delivery-fast, appearance-great.", "These wraps are great for yoga or other mat-based exercise.  Along with fingerless gloves with non-skid pads, you can do downward dog and plank without your sweaty hands and feet slipping along the mat.  These are definitely not for zumba or other dance-based exercise where you need more protection, but if you need more traction for your yoga poses, these are comfortable and very helpful!", "awesome", "Wasn't to happy about this product one of the shoes was wider then the other one  paid 150 dollars for them only to get a defective shoe and it's very noticable.", "Reviews by a working man - for the working man...!  OK - first let's just get something out of the way - these shoes are frigging &#34;Bad-Ass&#34;... (that's totally Bitchen for all you surfer dudes, and/or  pimptacular for all you Hip-Hop players - Holler....!)  You see - buying new kicks is somewhat of a tiresome, long drawn-out process for me.  Along the lines of going clothes shopping with the wifey (something you hate doing but every so often you know you have to...).  Now lets see why these &#34;Nike Air Max 95 OG's&#34; are so Bad-Ass. The Nike Air Max 95 OG pays tribute to the very first Nike Athletic shoe (1995) which incorporated the  &#34;Air Max Cushioning System&#34;. Every year since 1995 - Nike has continued to pimp-out these shoes in every way possible with different styles and edgier colors. IMO the &#34;Air Max 95's&#34; is what put Nike and their &#34;Air Max Technology&#34; on the map.  After receiving these suckers I un-boxed them and can still remember the one word that came to mind while holding these suckers ---- QUALITY...! The craftsmanship alone had me giggling like a virgin on prom-night..!  Words can't describe the joy of putting these bad boys on my feet for the first time. To be honest - they felt almost too comfortable (if that's possible...?).  ****IMPORTANT*****  Because they run small - make sure you get a 1/2 size larger then you normally wear - you'll thank me later -  trust me...!  Now let's talk price. Be prepared to sell a frigging kidney because these suckers are god-damn expensive....!  Why because  A.) They are kind of hard to find - little lone in your size. Remember - if the price is too good to be true - it usually is (a lot of fakes in this model...!)  To distinguish real from fakes head over to youtube and watch a couple of videos before buying.  B.) They are the most sought after &#34;Air Max&#34; runner Nike has....!  Conclusion......: Are the Nike's Air Max 95 OG's worth the $168 dollars I spent...?  Two words - HELL YES....!  By far and without a doubt the BEST athletic shoe I have ever owned to date...!", "Love love love the shoes!!!! This is my 3rd pair in this color and style!!! Air Max 95 are the best!!!", "Great service will recommend to my friends I brought 3 air max and the all fit perfect can't wait  to order more", "I wear them every day when walking and with casual attire. They are comfortable and the appearance has drawn some positive comments!", "Bought these for my husband and he lives them.. Sneakers arrived quickly. These are exactly what we expected? Fit true to size", "My husband and I ordered these as a gift for our grandson. They look even nicer than the pictures and fit beautifully. He was very pleased.", "My b/f has been coveting these shoes for a while and I found them on Amazon! According to him- fits true to size and it's like walking on air. It's a brand that's tried and true...", "Excellent sneakers. My son love it. Youth style. Very high quality made. He had long dreamed of such. Of course a little expensive.But they are worth it.", "My favorite Nike Every. Will always been my first choice, and my purchase was just what I have always had. Quality!", "Great fit and comfort, I have gotten great replies for looks.I am hopeing to find them in blue, At even a better deal. Keeping my fingers crossed. Love the fact they came in a timely matter always have some of the best service ever so far and I use Amazon often.", "these were a gift for my daughter's boyfriend and he loves them.  The shoes were very durable and are worn for basket ball almost every day.", "My son loved his sneakers. They looked so nice on his feet. His feet as caught the attention of others too.", "I thought the color was pink. I didn't read the discription. The color was red and looked like boy shoes but she loved them.", "Wow, these sneakers are turning heads, looks good in the pictures and it looks better in real life, excellent purchase.", "it fit very good the quality was great everyone like them.enjoy the shoe.i have a friend going to order a pair", "this item fits and look just as expected i love it and recommend it to you if you are interested", "Great fit.  Great show.  Great customer service.", "Hello Good Morning is a great blouse with spandex Good quality, bellisima and color very cute, it's comfortable for exercise.", "Fits great", "My husband had these on a wish list from last Christmas.He had forgotten about them so when they showed up he was happy.  He saidhe wasn't crazy about the NYC on them, but they fit well and he likes them.", "Nice and comfortable shoes. The retro style is great! Everyone always says something cool about my shoes. I love them!", "With this sneaker here you definetly need a size up cause holy crap was iit tight for my foot. After a few wears it started feeling better, but you should go with a size up.", "Comfortable, good looking, great for indoor or outdoor exercise : running, walking, gym", "I appreciate the fact that the seller responded to my email, almost instantly. The seller mentioned that,&#34;If they don't fit, send them back, and you'll be refunded.&#34;(so I was able to communicate with him - which is a good thing)These sneakers are authentic, they came in the official Nike shoe box.Retailed at $160.00I paid $139.99...Not a huge savings, but these are exactly what I wanted.A unique sneaker, delivered to my door in a couple days? I couldn't ask for more.(I just hope I don't mess them up, this is the most expensive footwear I've paid for in a long time) - lol", "For some reason this style is hard to find.  I surprised my husband with this and he flipped out.  quality and color are excellent.  Will definitely order them again for him.", "So ugly I never used it, it looks good on the picture but it shines a lot, looks very plastic. I am very disappointed.", "These shoes really hurt my feet. They are not comfortable to run in at all&#128545;", "Love it!I'm a dancer and the shoes saved my life.Hill pain almost stopped me from my daily practice.", "Light, comfortable, but a bit wide across the ball of the foot. (size 10.5). Laces allow tightening but for a narrow foot a slight problem.", "The shoes were just like in 94 when I bought them, I just have a bigger shoe size now.  Been looking for these for months", "The shoe looks sooooo good! It also very comfortable like all other air max but its already showing signs of wear after the first use.", "I love this shirt.  It's cotton, very comfortable and fits nicely. The reverse pocket on the right side is a nice touch and a good place to store a small wallet, cash or other flat items securely.  My only issue is that it comes out of the wash pretty wrinkly and needs pressing if the very wrinkled look isn't your cup of tea.", "The wedge sneaker is all the rage and this is a nice shoe. It feels good on your feet, but the ankle area of the high top is a bit snug and irritates my ankle bone. It is a great shoe for sweats or jeans. The pattern is cool and goes with pretty much anything you wear.....very comfortable as well once you wear them a few times. I would recommend this shoe....but at the sale price...full price is too much to spend on a trend.", "BOUGHT THESE HERE NIKES FOR MY GAL...SHE WEARS THEM TO THE GYM...SHE SAYS THEY ARE REALLY REALLY COMFY...PERFECT FOR WORKOUTS...SO I GIVE THEM A 5 STAR....THEY ALSO SHOWED UP ON TIME...SO KUDOS", "They just don't fit by lenght and weidthColor is different as shown, they are orange instead of red.Didnt know that I have to pay for the return as well", "Nike quality comes through again.  These shorts are by far my favorite infant shorts for my grandson's regular use.  As a matter of fact I attempted to order two more pair for my grandson on amazon.com last night and they were out of stock.  These shorts have a lot of elastic in the waist and the legs are generously sized so you will get a lot of use out of these shorts !!", "These are good socks, but run a bit small for someone wearing a size 9 shoe.  They do the job with moisture wicking.", "Love these socks are great.  They fit very snug and hold their shape after many washes.  Also, they keep your feet dry and cool.  The moisture wicking really work.  I would recommend these to everyone.", "They are Nike socks. What else can I add? Fit well, perform well, look great, a little expensive. The usual", "A bit longer than my Jordan 6 rings same size. I should have bought .5 less in size. but otherwise product is good.", "nice look but bad fit. shoes rub on upper heal of foot very bad feeling. i wish it would have been a better over all fit. size was perfect but design is a little off.", "Great shoe, very comfortable, I already recommended it to my friends who are also shoe geeks. I rated this product five star because its a really good shoe.", "I'm a severe over-pronator and develop pain and overuse trauma injuries when running in shoes that do not control motion.  I cannot run more than 15 miles per week in these shoes without pain.  They are very light and pretty stable but not as good as the Brooks Beast.  I currently use them on my shorter distance runs and speed days.  They work great for that.  Not enough support to work for me on long run days.", "I love these shoes! My son is very hard to find shoes for and these turned out amazing! Love them!", "I definitely love everything about these shoes. They fit perfect. They are everything I figured them to be. I'm totally satisfied!", "i found the exact same shoes for almost 200 dollars less and these happen to be 372 dollars the others were 160 so something isn't right here and it needs to be fixed", "I wish I could review the shoes, I was very excited to get them, but... they NEVER came. I ordered the shoes over a month and a half ago and never got them or any word from the seller about a possible delay in shipping. Now, I will say that I am currently deployed overseas on a ship, HOWEVER, the longest an item usually takes to get here is three weeks, max. I have ordered plenty of things a week or so after I ordered these shoes,and everything else has already arrived... yet I'm still waiting on the shoes. In the process of getting my money back now, don't waste your time with this seller.", "I have been looking for these slip-ons for years so where I saw them on Amazon I was elated. I was warned that I should get them bigger so from a 10, I ordered a 10.5. They are snug so I should have gotten 11s. Other than that, they are great. Easyon/easy off, padded for comfort and very light. I'm glad I got them and hope that they stretch a bit. I wear them at home all the time and the price was a great deal too!", "Read above", "this is the perfect shoe , nice fit, nice look, nice nice nice, love it. Want a good basketball shoe buy this one Lebron X", "I fully agree with the two previous reviewers that this is an awesome shoe.  They definitely run small so you will most likely need to go up in size than you normally do.  I've never needed a size 10 in my life.  Normally I'd wear a size 9 or 9 1/2.  The only problem I have with this vendor is their price.  I bought mine in a popular store that is in most malls and usually a bit overpriced.  However they had this same product marked at $179.99.  They gave me a discount cuz I work in the same casino which brought my total cost to $152 which I could live with.  Even the $180 price tag is way better than the $300 I seen here.  Just be sure and shop around.", "These shoes were for my grandsons prom, yes he wore tux and Air Force One Shoes, He was very Handsome in his outfit,", "This is the best jumper i have ever bought. I just love this jumper. I will never regreat. I love the color.", "I was looking for red sneakers, I am a huge sneaker buff!!! I found these on amazon, ordered them  they came in a timely manner. They are even nicer on and a hint of sparkle:) love them, love them !  I like the fact  that they are unique like me!! I would recommend them but I'd like to be the only one with these:):):):)", "I normally wear a 9.5-10 but I got 9.5 with these and they were a little to big. I kept them because I figured when I started wearing thicker socks in the winter they would fit better. The picture does not display the sparkles or schemer that is all over the shoe. I was just happy to find a no-mesh shoe for work so I was will to suck it up", "I was looking for something that looked professional and would keep me comfortable while working as a LMT this was just right.", "Shirt fits well ,very true to size, and very cool in the heat. Price is much less than our work uniform supplier.", "They are okay, not anything extraordinary.  This is my second pair and I will buy more in the future.  I like the fit.", "Love them, fit great, super comfortable, don't seem quite as red as pic, I bought them in green too.", "These are extremely comfortable sneakers that have a lot of flare because of their color. They are Nike's so qulaity shouldn't be an issue. If you have the money to spend, I wouldn't hesitate getting these sneakers.", "Got them at Amazon for 1/2 the price at brick and morter stores, nice running shoes, have been using them for about two months now and i'm very happy with them.", "I bought them for my husband to work out in.  He where them when we go out.  He loves the comfort.", "just what I ordered. great shoe. very confortable. although it is on the expensive side for a shoe that only lasts 6 months or less......", "So comfortable... make feel like walking on sky. very good for running . good color and good size makes very good for walk around.", "I ordered the Nike Men's Air Max '95 formy nephew and he absolutely love them.He wears them with almost anything.", "Nike has a serious problem with marketing University Red shoes, then when you recieve them they are pink. Getting tired of this.", "Good product but the color in the pics is not the one I got, I got a lighter colored shoes which looks a little light red rather dark red as shown in the pics.", "Bought these for the hubby...he loves them.  Matches the Orioles colors perfectly", "It is very comfortable and I like the style and the color combines with any short i will buy  nex time", "these were some very nice sneakers, but contrary to the traditional air force one sneakers the velcro straps are removable", "Well I don't run like I wish I did but have been wanting to be more regular.  These shoes fit great and the most recent run I did with these was the fastest and longest run I had done.  I give the shoes the credit. Couldn't be more pleased, this is exactly what I needed.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned! absolutely LOVE them!! Great for both casual wear and working out", "Shoes are cute but run half size too small so I had to purchase another pair.", "Why are these $220?  You can get them for $159.99 at Finish Line and a number of other shoe stores. Same style and colors.", "They're beautiful sneakers that are super hard to find. But, while I'm usually a 10, these make me look as if I have clown feet.", "I am excited that my shoes came so quickly and I was able to wear them right away. The fit was perfect.", "Boots are the perfect lenght but are a bit tight. Im stil breaking them in. Overall, im happy with them.", "I Love This Design!!18 years ago, i like Rodman!!So I love this original design.But I love this too!", "I like the Nike shoes for their great fit and this pair did not disappoint.  Very comfortable, didn't need to break them in at all.", "Bought this for my son, whose feet are wide.He is comfortable wearing these pair, and also loves the cool look.", "My son says they are the bomb! He practically wears them to bed. good looking. sturdy. reliable. and of course, cool.", "I thought these socks were at least 90% cotton they are 80%  the ones I returned to Target were 91% cotton.they are comfortable and not too thick stay up well and wash well.Just Not What I WantedThis is what I dislike about online shopping", "I always stick with Nike socks now, because they are simply the best quality. I've tried saving money by switching to other brands a few times in the past, but I always end up disappointed and coming back to Nike.", "These socks are a great value. After working 8 hours straight on my feet, they keep my feet comfortable. Great Job Nike!", "A very nice product.", "These socks are great, they are different from the dry fit, more crew like appear less structured. Very good value. I made a mistake previously reviewing this order.  Delivered as expected", "Knock-offs - these are not nike socks. Nothing about these is from Nike. Disappointed in amazon for advertising them as such.", "These are Nike socks, so of course they are good quality. I read other reviews saying these socks are small and hard to put on- but try to realize these are DRI FIT socks. Imagine putting an under-armour shirt on your feet. Thats how they will fit. The reason for 4 stars is the nike swoosh sign is not black, almost a dark grey and after the socks are on your feet, you have to fight to get them off- especially if you are an athlete and sweat in them.", "My teen boy who are 10.5 size shoe don't like ankle high socks.  Hard to find higher ones unless knee high for sports.These are perfect, both my dons were so happy, thought I gave them cash,Ha! Great price as well..buy away,the wash perfectly too!", "I like em....there are good and comfy....they are good for style too..they look too simple on the picture but in real they are good", "I ordered these for my sons 16th birthday, thinking they'd arrive on the big day. They went from Pennsylvania to Illinois to get to Texas, tell me how that makes sense?! Not only that, but they sat in Houston for 3 days?! I'd suggest not opting for the standard shipping which was assessed according to the shoe size, really?", "I wear size 7.5  this shoe I can tell is my size, but the hard construction of it is hard and does not aloud any room for expancion.  I work for as a currier for a well know company and have to get on an off my truck and walk a lot . this shoe is too heavy for my type of work. i choose this model for the color that mach my uniform, but the first day i work it was a killing day.", "I bout this shoe for my son  birthday, the quality of the product is excellent  and fit well. I will buy another pair for me. Thanks", "These shoes are so stylish for my 11 month old son. He loves them. His first walking shoes! Super cute Air Force ones!", "This shoe looks very nice and I would buy it .... It you listed the size.Who would buy a shoe if they don't know what size they ordered?!", "These are the worst shoes I've ever bought.  They are too small, made my heels bleed time and time again and were just plain uncomfortable.  I gave them one star because I really liked the LOOK of them.  They are - without a doubt - the worst shoes I've ever bought.  Do NOT waste your money!", "the fit very good and wear perfect and the color go good with my outfit that I wear.i  would like the clor also in black", "nice shoes  nice feeling  perfect stylereally nice color  and quanlity  i wanna another one in the futurethx any way", "Bought this hat for the outdoor poll. It stays on in the water and dries fast. The color is wicked cool.", "Good", "very comfy and light ,,, just a little flatter than i had expected,, not much cusion on the heals,,, good overall", "Bought this shoe to do P90X3 workouts at home.  The shoe feels good and provides the support I was looking for during the workouts.  The shoe is light and is also great for wearing all day or jogs/walks/runs.  My wife has a pair of the female version and she loves them as well.", "This shoe is a classic, and the Carolina baby blue is sexy as hell. It is a narrow fit, so you might have to stretch it out", "What can I say? It's gotten a few compliments, and you don't very often get that from a sweatshirt. :)", "Bought these to match my girls Nike Park IV jerseys.  It was just a shade off but you can't really tell unless you're staring at the two items.  Material is pretty sturdy. She slides around the grass/dirt alot and they seem to hold up pretty well.", "One of the best lebron x color ways. Home. I got these for a tourney at home. Rocked these at it. All compliments on great", "Cute", "Good shoes for me, I'm not a big runner, I just needed something new for the gym. They fit great, BUT i'm not sure they are real Nike's..... but for the price, I don't really care.", "I had ordered other shoes earlier and they were way too small.  I was dreading that these shoes were going to be the same.  Nope, these shoes fit great, they are comfortable as well!!!!", "I love the look just ordered the wrong size I was not too happy about the price I feel they are very pricey", "Love my new Nike Air Max! I do have to add inserts to offer more support but they offer what I need for a high intensity aerobic work out.", "however, the tongue is very stiff and rough.  Upon first wearing I received red sores across the front of my foot near the top of the tongue.  I was wearing my usual short cut athletic socks at the time.  These socks will not work with this shoe, a high front and back sock, are required for comfort.  The heel is quite hard and rough as well.  This is a very expensive shoe and I expected the best NIKE has to offer, I am very disappointed.", "Great", "my wife is very pleased she has small feet and have to buy the boys sizes because she's more of the athletic type and dont like the girly colors.  lol", "These appear to look and feel like knockoffs and that is how they feel. My husband loves airs and he has always worn them and these are nothing like what he's use to from Nike air maxLook and feel cheapDo NOT BUY", "My son loves his shoes they look just as pictured no flaws nothing fits well everything...he was a happy camper will buy from this seller again!!", "I use the shoes for Basketball and general use. People either love or hate them but they always notice them! Can be on the heavy side so running in them is a definite no-no.", "Great shoe. Lots of compliments. Comfortable but would be perfect if they accommodated my wide, duck-like feet. A better choice for the narrow of foot.", "I love this product .when I don't want toCaried a big purse this waist little bagCome handy ,....  The material is excellent", "These flip flops are true to size and so very comfortable! I get tons of compliments on the color and I just love them. You won't be disappointed.", "Fits as expected-- other reviews had warned it's a tad small, but not by much-- maybe a quarter size.About average weight for a cross-training shoe, not as light as the Nike Free TR's but about in-line with other Lunar's. Seems okay so far.", "Perfectly fit on my feet!It will be better if it includes the nike plus chip in the shoe box", "I have a narrow foot so these are a little wide but overall fit is fine. I use them for everyday wear and it took about a week to break them into my foot pattern and gate, but now them are extremely comfortable, love Lunarlon sole.", "I used to rely on Nike for a quality running shoe every time. Lately the several pairs of Nike running or training shoes I have tried have all been cheap, and have failed to provide comfort or support for my feet. I am size 6 and 1/2, with a high arch and somewhat wide ball. My older Nike Free 7.0 were so perfect - but these are absolutely useless. They are flat, tight, and uncomfortable, with no arch support at all and no cushion. Too bad, since the look is pretty cool.", "I bought these because I walk a lot and since purchasing them have taken up running.  I love these shoes and I love the look.", "Using these for gym work outs.  I love the stability of a flat shoes (as opposed to a running shoe). I have completed both Insanity and P90x without them... when I began another round of Insanity I decided cross trainers would be nice... I wish I had gotten them sooner!!!!", "This was a present for my husband. He was very happy with them.  They fit great and are very comfortable.", "These are a very nice pair of sneakers. Love the style and price. I will recommend these sneakers to anyone.", "I love the Kobe 8 shoe, best of 2013 IMO in style and comfort.However, I question this listing. Price is way too high (other review mentions this). The label on the box in the picture provided doesn't look right, should have price tag. Description also says it's leather, it actually has no leather but engineered mesh.I'm willing to bet that these are fakes. Just be cautious.", "Incredible sport shoes. It fits a little shorter than i was spected. But i love it. If feels very confortable.", "I have always admired my friends back in 1996. They are the first few to get this pair in different colors.I wasnt that fashionable back then and at the price sport shops are selling is something I could not afford at all.After 18 years later, now I can finally buy myself this pair of Airmax 97, I am so so in love with it right now, the feeling is beyond my expectation.Size and cut fit up to perfecto. No regret at all. And I always tell myself, is always never to late to pampered yourself with something you truly deserve.Love it! Love it! Love it!Cheers!", "My 16-year-old is a shoe crazy kid, and he absolutely LOVES these tennis shoes.  They're beautiful!  They change colors from purple to teal when turned at different angles, and the bottoms glow-in-the-dark for an extra special feature.  I believe I spent way too much money on them, but they're sold out in every store, Nike can't confirm that they'll ever release them again, and it was the first tennis shoe that my son's liked, that I actually liked too.", "Perfect zise, colours and very comfy. If i could i would wear them every day. Just love them", "Dope!!", "look like the picture great gift for son thank you for the quick delivery satisfied customer.", "First time buying shoes online. And I couldn't be any happier!!", "I like the look of these sneakers but they are not some I would recommend for anything other than to hang out in.", "I use them for weightlifting and have used them for some drills on turf.The shoes are really stable but as such, lack flexibility and they're on the heavy side. Not great for performance, yet great for training, with really decent traction on turf.", "Great shoes,well fit.  Excellent shipping time.", "I, unfortunately, fell in love with the aesthetics and thought that through use they would spread out a bit, which did not happen.  These shoes are super narrow, so unless you have very narrow feet, I would look elsewhere.  I am going to donate them to charity, at least someone can get some use out of them.", "i bought this shoe one month ago for my wife child, he has 14 and he is 1.93 m tall, and he like this shoe so i bought it. he was in the court and boom baby, bye shoes, the left shoe lost his air pressure.i pay almost 200 hundred dollars and dindt last one month, so... i tell u something, if u wanna buy a shoe for basqketball, this is not a good choice!!Adolfo Mena", "Bought for my son for school.  Love them because they are very sturdy.", "It is great to wear underneath other items of clothing.  The DryWick feature helps to keep you comfortable and warm.  Love it!", "They were a gift and he loved them. So glad you had a pair. They are hard to find. Thanks.", "Great running shoe. I had the same pair before and needed a replacement. Already put 26 miles on them.Very comfortable n light.", "Extremely comfortable!", "Great!!!", "I'm not hard to please and these shoes are easy to love. Perfect fit. extreme comfort in this model and the color sceme couldn't be more on-point. Holler!", "Light weight.  Comfortable for home gym use", "I took these shoes on a recent trekking/camping trip in Peru for use as &#34;in camp&#34; shoes instead of sandals.  They worked great!  They are lighter than my sandals and kept my toes from getting bruised by all the rocks.  I also wore them in town and now wear them when hiking on the &#34;easy&#34; hike/bike trails around Austin.  Great purchase.", "love the shoe", "Super light and comfortable!", "These have quickly become my favorite shoes.  They're so lite and comfortable.  Not to mention you can slip them on without having to use your hands (I got them a size bigger, so if it's tight, it might be tough) and not worry about the heel plastic splitting since there is none.  I'm thinking about ordering 3 more pairs just so I never have to shop for gym shoes again.", "i like this nike version.  i have 3 pairs to date.  the first pair i used for about 300miles and I washed them and the upper superated from the base which was disappointing...", "Have had the shoe several months now and I'm completely satisfied. Wearing well and very comfortable.", "These are very comfortable and have lots of padding on the sole. They look great and you'll be the envy of everyone at the gym!", "My 7 years daughter loves it. Very nice and trendy. Sizes run somewhat large. Colors are very neat.I will  definitely recommend it.", "LOVE these shoes!!", "I've been wearing the Nike Air Relentless line for several years now, and have always been pleased with the consistency of the fit.  I was disappointed that this pair seemed tighter and my heal slips upward when I walk or run.  Not terribly, but enough to pull some of my low cut socks down into my shoe, which is a real drag.  That said, they have loosened up a little over time (several months) and I still wear them on a regular basis...but only as a fashion statement.  I LOVE the colors!  I ordered a Relentless, no number following, and use those for my workouts as they fit like I am accustom to.", "very comfrtable", "I think they look nice and fit well and don't show the dirt.  I've bought these same shoes twice now b/c I loved the first pair so much and got lots of compliments.  They match lighter outfits with white socks and darker outfits with black socks.", "Great price, fast shipping and excellent fit. We live in Zambia, so true to size shoes are essential for us, as sending them back is not really an option, since they are brought over with visitors from the US.", "I had tried the Relentless 2 before, but not this model.  I am pleased to know I can weave them as well!  Thanks!", "is the regale my wife really likes", "bought as a present to my wife.we use to run 3 times a week and they accomplish perfect the task", "I love this shoe! This is by far the most comfortable tennis shoe I have ever worn. I frequently take 2 mile walks in these and the experience is great. They really did not need to be broken in but I buy a size bigger than I would wear in other shoes. Very light and comfortable. I love the bright florescent color- I feel safer walking in dimmer lighting.  I am very happy with this version of Nike running shoe. I recommend it to anyone looking for a comfortable and durable pair of walking/running shoes.", "Comfortable and true to size. I typically always buy Niki running shoes as they never let me down. Stylish as well.", "perfectos", "Good for lounging.I needed these to throw on if I just have socks on and need to go out to the yard. They fit fine for that, but if you're going to use them often for walks or something, I found they rubbed the top of my foot after a while, but perhaps I just need to break them in more. They are a little small in length for my heel, it's pushing it. I recommend going a size larger than your usual.", "the kids love this one, the kids always want weaR THIS BRAND, maybe when CR7 change of brand, the kid will do the same", "He likes these a lot, but a bit too big for now. Will be great for &#34;back to school&#34; shoes.", "Ya", "Love them!!", "a little goofy looking , but they fit great, easy not having laces. very comfortable. I use them for walking &  hiking (light trails) with my dogs. they seem very sturdy.", "This is my favorite shoe to run in.  It's comfortable, true to size and more importantly for me I don't get shin splints when running in them.  I mainly use these for when I'm running on the road or sidewalks.  They absorb the impact pretty well...I still wear a shin splint sleeve for extra support though so it could be that as well :0)  Either way, I love this shoe-got it in two different colors.", "Shoes are great for a casual lime, the only setback being that you cannot wear it with socks because the inner soles are rough rubber.", "Great kicks!  Shoe metro sent wrong color combo so took 20% off... Waiting for refund..", "bought to match some of my outfits, fits perfectly", "sweet", "I love these shoes. They are so light and it hardly feels like there is anything on my feet. The only thing I would tell people about these shoes is that they have minimum arch support.", "Very good backpack size is ok and design is good recommended for all whether you're travellingor going to school or work", "The picture and the discription were different. I got a different color then the picture. Guess it was my fault for not reading the discription. Still happy with the shoe!", "This fits well and allows for the easy wicking of perspiration.  It is also comfortable and the colors are vibrant.", "Very light shoe with good ankle support and shock absorption.  I feel good moving around in these shoes.Ordered a size 12, and it was a tad bit longer than I anticipated, but it fits well.", "Nike gear is normally pretty decent. I would consider these shorts average. They do have pockets- which is nice. So - the bad news. Within 24 hours of wearing these shorts- the hem on the left leg fell apart. The end result- the leg liner is separated from the outer shell fabric. Not cool. I basically have a $40 pair of PJ's now. I would return them- but I am deployed and do not want to wait another 3 weeks for new gym shorts.", "I had a pair like this before and fit ok, I think this one was labeled as a larger size, could never get them to break in ,, hurt my pinkie toes severe. No more of these for me.", "One of the pockets was cut wrong and made the card fit in crooked and wouldn't fit in the whole way.", "I'm happy with this shoes... but you have to be sure about your size in this kind of shoes... because the size is somewhat small that the real size.", "Very Comfortable shoe that fits great.", "Purchase for teen son, & fit was as expected.", "MY SON LOVES THIS SHOE I PLAN ON BUYING MORE", "Its a really comfortable shoe.", "Love them I wear them every October and it supports breast cancer. And have a very good feel very light", "Excellent sneakers, I have purchased this back in 97 the Royal blue and loved the way they snug our feet just perfect, Great Quality, drop dead gorgeous, highly recommended :) Super fast shipping and good pack, only if they were much cheaper would purchase 2nd pair in black on black ;)", "I'm very happy with my product", "83 Pegasus rule!!", "Love it!", "Owned one pair and the sizes are true.  Lots of toe box and very well cushioned. Only problem is the laces are a little short to be able to lace all the holes, must leave the top two open.", "Shoes look good and are of good quality. Style appeals to anyone that likes high tops or old school style tennis shoes. Shoes are somewhat tight in width, hopefully better as they are broke in. Shipping was prompt and excellent.", "I love this sneaker. It is comfortable and stylish.  I get compliments whenever I wear it. However, they run a tad small. Order half a size up.", "This shoes is very excellent", "I always use nike basketball shoes, they are great, The fit, the size, the colors, was exactly as I expected. Confortable, maybe a little narrow, but nothing that make think , that my purchase was wrong.", "This is awesome. I had to buy about a half size smaller, so it hurts after a few hours, but its super sturdy and I get a lot of looks. These shoes make me a better player before I even step on the court. People think i'm legit because i have awesome shoes.", "These shoes fit me and I have semi-wide feet. I couldn't wear any other shoe for basketball and I have 5 pair of hyperdunks. The color is vibrant and they fit like a glove.", "Favorite shoes (have them in black & white)", "Really good sneakers.", "everybody keeps asking where I got my sneakers. I love it even thou it's a lil tight at the toes. Still a great buy!", "fino", "Love my new trainers they are great shoes but I where size 12 in all my other Nike's and the are somewhat to small still I would recomend a half of size or one size bigger if you decide to purchase.  I love these shoes so much I'm going to buy other pair just a size bigger", "Great product. Fit great.", "The shies were fine but I had some buyers remorse a week later because I found some at the Nike store for  $80.00. So probably should have done my resea", "I've been ordering the same size nikes for years and never had a fit problem.  It's one of the reasons I don't hesitate to order on line.  These however are somewhat snug and I wish I had known to order a half size larger.", "I bought this for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it, the pics don't do it justice its so bright that its totally fluorescent. I love it and i wish it had a female pair. Also i love the gel netting on it. Absolutely a great buy!", "this kicks rocks!", "I have had multiple compliments on these shoes. They look great feel good, and perform better.  I have lifted, ran, and used these shoes casually and they are worth the purchase.  Great nike quality as usual.", "Pros:-Super light weight!-Fit just right on my typically flat heeled feet-I have used them for long distance walking (5-7miles)/basketball/short sprints/jogging/and out on the town...and I always feel so comfortable in these shoes. Probably the best pair of shoes I've ever purchased!-Oh! And I no longer have lower back pains when jogging long distances!-One note of vanity - they look really good! Would buy these shoes 100 times again!Cons:-I've had the shoes for over 3 months and have No CONS!Honestly, I will be these shoes as long as they remain on the market, Nike got it right this time indeed!", "Absolutely love them. Very soft, very lightweight, fit perfectly. Not overpriced at all. Absolutely recommend them to anyone. Use them every day.", "Not bad, nice overall.", "I ordered these shoes in white/black.  I received Grey/black/volt.  Went back and checked my order and realized that even though they say and show White/black, when you add to cart they come up Grey/black. If you try to order Gray/black it says unavailable. Called Amazon on Saturday and it's now Wednesday night and they haven't corrected the problem.  The girl on the phone said that it would take a couple of days for their &#34;team&#34; to fix the problem. I asked why it needed a team and a couple of days when we figured it out in minutes.  The white are not available so I couldn't even exchange them for the color I wanted.  So to sum it up, if you order white, you get grey.  If you want grey, they are only available if you order white.", "Ordered these a half size larger than what I normally wear and am stoked that I did the shoes fit perfectly. They are comfortable and arrived as described by the seller....", "Its like a feather in your feet and so light and comfortable. The only downside is that the face of shoes started tearing off so soon, but since it was so comfortable I d ignore everything else.", "I bought these for my son and he was very happy. He is now wanted me to order more shoes from here. We are very happy campers.", "Bought these on sale from a store. Had no idea what model they were. Seemed pretty comfortable. After using for a long time now i can say these are fantastic! Perfect for the gym and all casual walking/running. One of the best i had and i even got a few compliments on the blue color. A must have if your an active person!", "I bought these for cross training workouts! I love them!!! They are very comfortable & lightweight! Very satisfied with product & speed of delivery!", "Nice running shoe!", "Look and feel good.", "I always buy nike shoes, always same size. No problem on it...", "Absolutely love the shoes for working out.  Price was good.  Colors are perfect for the Georgia Bulldog!", "A little tight in the beginning but I love the look.  I work outdoors and in Florida in rains heavy at times so I needed a sneaker that would not let my socks all wet.  Mission accomplished!  Very comfortable now after a week of wearing them and the price was reasonable.  The only problem I had was I paid $73 and two days later the price dropped to $54.  An Amazon rep advised me to return them and then reorder which made no sense; they should have just credited me the $20 difference.  Regardless, I am happy with these.", "Nice to wear.", "The shoe it's self was to shiny, I thought it was more of a mesh/leather type shoe. Suede is what I'm looking for but the customer support from Sole Place was amazing! I could not be happier with there customer servie.", "Good quality and very comfortable", "i was bit surprise how it looked in reality...a bit cheap looking! that is what happens when buying online no sense of touch etc.  Although, it is pretty tough, went running the very next day, a bit tight but guess and hoping that it will open up after a few roughing out.", "ITS GREAT LOVE THE LOOK AND FITS EXCELLENT", "its a different shoes. pretty,  simple, made with good materials and plagues. feels ergonomic.just nike logo inner side is not equal to the outside but is painted", "It's a nice lightweight shoe  that's pretty rugged.  It fits true to size.  It's not going to win any fashion contests, but it does the job.  The only thing that caused me to ding the rating is that is a little bit too stiff.  I've had the shoe for a few months now and it's still pretty stiff.  I'm going to use this shoe more for a casual work shoe instead of a training shoe.", "Nice grip in the front of the toes for running/sprinting. Comfortable, light weight. Strings seem to be a bit short, but thats the only issue.", "'confortable, light and nice looking. I didn't give it five stars beacause it could have a little bit more cushioning at the heel.", "Nothings else to say, returned the shoes... not sure yet about the 6.5's as the toe box is very wide..", "I purchased a pair of these shoes several years ago and they finally bit the dust.  When I went to the shoe store to replace them, there were multiple selections of great tennis shoes in all the new dynamic colors. However, I just wanted my plain ol' leather Nike which I can easily clean and looks half-way dressy for casual outings.  I was delighted to find my shoe on Amazon.  The shoe is great and the service was good too.  Thanks for saving my multiple visits to countless shoe stores.", "Good nike I recommend you to buy it u are going to like it make no mistake", "Wanted something different  for the summer that White nike air-force or White Air-max, these fit the bill some thing different that turn heads  very comfortable to walk in.", "These shoes are very comfortable.  Not real good looking because the way the colors are combined they come out as a gray, rather than a white and purple, which is what I wanted.  But the comfort level is the key.  Can wear all day and not be craving to take your shoes off at the end of the day.", "My Grandson loves the sneakers and I have to admit they look really cool.  Did I mention orange is my favorite color.", "Nice, comfortable flip flops at a great price. No hassles. Easy transaction as always. Highly recommend. Can't go wrong with Nike.", "It's a decent shoe, but not a great shoe. I wouldn't recommend it unless it's under $90. The tongue on my right shoe is offcenter and the threads cut into the top of my toes, not ideal. Compared to the Kobe VII, my other basketball shoes, these are terrible.", "Exceleny", "Everything good", "A must have on any SneakerHeads shelf. Great fit and style, extremely comfortable. They also come in almost any color way imaginable.", "these are very cute shoes but this price is rediculous. they are on finish line for $120 cheaper..... rethink the price for these", "THESE SHOES WERE PERFECT FOR A BIRTHDAY PRESENT! PERFECT FOR A GUY TO WEAR TO THE BEACH ON A HOT DAY", "My husband and son love these shoes. They are stylish and easy to put on. The size fit well and is adjustable for those with narrow feet.", "Hard to find so happy to be able to order through Amazon.  My son's second pair of these - his favorite.", "I wear two maybe three different types of sneakers.... Chuck Taylor's, Adidas Campus and Nike Dunk's. Chuck Taylor's and Dunks being preeminent. I used to wear Vans Old Skools and Core shoes but they feel a bit too juvenile to me these days.Dunk's are flat out one of the sharpest sneaker designs on earth.... they best Jordan's by a mile.These are Nike SB shoes which means they have a hard shell upper that wraps around the heel and and sides of the upper (I assume to protect your ankles.... They do run a bit tight.... I wear 11.5 in Chucks, 11.5 in Adidas but 11.5 in Nike is a bit too small and my toes are cramped into the box.Aesthetically though they are as sharp as can be, the grey outsole looks sharp against the arctic white insole and the old skool black and white color way (or lack thereof) is perfect for my weekend casual look with a pair of long shorts and a t shirt.These run of the mill black and white dunks can be hard to come by so I am happy I got a hold of a pair.", "It's a great minimalist shoe with a good sized toe box, enough cushioning (without being excessive), and awesome fit.  I usually wear a size 10, but needed to go up to 11.5 in this model.  So please be careful in your purchase.", "I take a 9.5. My earlier model Free's were 9.5 and fit like a glove. Ordered the new model and  couldn't even get it over my heel. Will try a larger size.", "There Fantastic! I love them. There like wearing no shoes at all, so lite on your feet. i would recommend them", "I absolutely adore my tennis shoes. They are super lightweight and conformable. Unfortunately, I don't know how to clean them and they are rather dirty. I am on my feet all day at work and they accumulate a lot of dirt.", "***WARNING DO NOT ORDER FROM SHOEZOO***I ordered this item as a gift. The order form clearly states the size 8.5 that I ordered and the company SHOEZOO sent a 6.5. I contacted SHOEZOO before I contacted Amazon. Basically the rep from SHOEZOO stated that ''because of company policy'' we screwed up, but you have to deal with it. Aside from the gift that is going to be 2 weeks late ...I have to repackage the item, print out return slip and make the time to drive and find a FEDEX to return the item. Amazon claims they can do nothing because the company offered a ''solution''. Nothing about this whole process is a solution. It is nothing more than sheer inconvenience. I have ordered thousands in items from Amazon and I do so out of nothing more than the CONVENIENCE. Considering that I now have this strung out process I would have been better off just driving to a store. This company SHOEZOO is the worst and I have no idea why they have any relation with Amazon. They did nothing to even attempt to smooth over the issue. ***WARNING DO NOT ORDER FROM SHOEZOO***", "Beautiful shoes just taking my time getting used to them.  It was an impulse buy and I won't spent that much on sneakers again any time soon!", "I bought these for my wife and she loves them.  She does a lot of standing and walking so these were just perfect for her.", "these shoes are great. love the style, fit, feel, performance and simplicity. price could be sweeter but still a good buy", "Fits nice. But the color was a little different that what I expected", "Love Nike's especially the Lunarglide style. The cross training shoes are so lightweight it almost feels like you don't have sneakers on and the cushioning is great.  The toe lines are narrow so your feet don't look like you slammed them into a wall.  I have found that this style runs smaller and narrower, so I have been buying them a half size up and have not had any problems with the fit and I have about 5 pairs of them...very consistent...although as you get older the arches on your feet drop too so maybe that's the case.  Either way, the Lungarglide style.. I'd say order a half size up from what you may normally get and they are made for a more narrower foot...so if you have wider feet this style may not be right for you.", "Received what I expected. Fits well, colors match the picture on screen, and is a stylish look for the summer in the states.", "I've never been excited about a pair of sneakers.  I'm not a big sneaker girl but I had to have these.  They're the perfect mix of girly and sneaker.  I have the white on white ones and the black ones are my next victims.  The amazing thing about these is that they are comfortable.  I also have some Nike Tr Fit's and between the 2 these are more comfortable.I buy sneakers for when it's not practical to wear heels or flats.  I got these because winter is coming and I thought I could look cute while keeping my feet warm. I have really wide feet and Nike runs narrow so I did get these in a 9.5.  I thought I'd still have to break them in but the width is actually fine.I wasn't a fan of the first wedge sneaker that came out but Nike did it's thing when they put these out.", "Buy half a size up. Runs small. Amazingly comfortable and so so cute. I love these, they go with everything and I get many compliments, and feel much taller without the pain.", "I am looking for size 5 badly of Nike Women Dunk Sky Hi M color White/ White 579763-100Any one knows where to get it??", "I love this shoe!!! I wear a 7 1/2 in ladies and this shoe fits true to size!!! I RECOMMEND GETTING this shoe if youre looking for a nice trendy sneaker for the summer!", "I love these, perfect crispy pair of all whites for the summer! Now to keep them clean will be the challenge", "These are the cutest wedge sneakers dunks run about 1/2 size bigger. Very narrow for a sneaker overall I love them", "These \"Air Force\" shoes don't require you to PROVE that you ARE in The Air Force,but at the price ---- for casual shoes ---- it'd probably help if you were a General:to pay CASH for 'em!I like them --- just don't want my wife to slit my throat!", "These shoes move with me so well.  The sole is thick enough to be sturdy, but flexes any way I may need it to.", "Just a classic sneaker.  I can't jump any higher, but that's because I'm fat.  Money, it ain't the shoes!!  It's gotta be my gut!!  But they look sweet nonetheless.", "The shoe is a bit pricey but fits well and i love it ! i would recommend this seller and shoe to anybody !", "I bought a pair of Nike Air Jordan Men's Retro V Grape. The first problem was I ordered a 12 and they changed my order and sent me a 12.5. Then when I placed the order was given a $10 discount and the seller charged me the total price without the discount. And to add insult to injury, the shoes are FAKE! The retail price for the shoe is $180 before tax. I paid $300 for a FAKE shoe and I am livid right now. DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY!So I finally figured out how to get back to my reviews, so that I could edit this review as I agreed to do with the owner of KickzStore, Jorrel! Originally, my intent was to edit my review and speak on their handling of my situation with the shoes. I requested a return and they granted it with no problem and my money was refunded to me within a week. Now here's where the story gets complicated. They agreed to do my return if I would agree to edit my review. I told them I wouldn't change my comment, but I would comment in reference to their willingness to try and correct the problem. Well after they did the return, for some reason I couldn't gain access to my review. They emailed me repeatedly and accused me, taunted me and harassed me. If it was possible to post the emails, I would do so. I was absolutely mortified by this company and its employees. If you choose to purchase ANYTHING from this company, do so at your own risk!", "The Grapes basketball shoe looks as good as the pictures show.The colors on the shoe are the reason for the purchase! Charlotte Hornets!!", "These arrived earlier than expected, which is always good. My son loves them. It said they fit as good as his other Jordans do.", "I got these as a gift for my boyfriend who collects Jordans. He can recognize fake sneakers from a mile away so I was a bit nervous about getting these and them turning out to be &#34;fake or replicas&#34; He loved them and so did I!!! Great buy!", "very comfortable. had when i was younger and still has the same flare. recommend to anyone who likes re-issues. very nice", "great and comfortable pair of shoes to wear casual and color is rare and love it and material feels is amazing.", "It is more than my broth expected. Nice and very comfortableWish to have a great dial next time .", "My 19 Year old grandson loves this shirt.  I Have bought him this shirt in other colors.  Great choice of colors.", "I ordered this for my husband.  We have bought two similar Nike Dri-Fit V-Neck T-Shirts at a popular sporting goods chain for $55 each.  I wish I had looked at Amazon first.  He much prefers this one to the ones we bought.  If he hadn't already worn the first two we would have returned them and ordered more of these.  We received them on time and they were properly packaged.", "This pair of NIKE shoes are very light, wear feeling very good, I like it ! The only problem compared to other 10# I bought this pair of shoes feel smaller!", "These are reallynice running shoes.  They fit perfectly and are of good quality, nevertheless, in the picture they look gray but in reality they are white!", "Shoes are deceptively narrow and tight.  Very uncomfortable.", "perfect fit for son's LARGE feet!  hard to find shoes he likes.", "came earlier than expected, fit nice and feel authentic. great overall , and am very happy with this purchase overall.", "The Nike Women's Flyknit Lunar1+ Club Pink/Electric Gree/White Running Shoes 10 fit my feet just right.I have always worn size 8 1/2 dress shoes but running shoes sizes are different.This is my second pair of exactly these shoes.  They are light and the right amount of support.I walk/run half marathons and train most days. These pink Nikes are so attractive that sometimes I wear them with pant/slacks for dress.These Nikes make my feet seem to fly.", "I chose these shoes because I did a shoe-selector app thingy online and based on the way that I run, these were some of the best for me. I really love how light they are, and they're supportive and they fit correctly. These are for sure the brightest colored shoes I've ever owned haha :) But I love them and I'm really glad I went with these. I get a lot of compliments on them.", "with high arches, bilateral knee surgeries and standing all day at work Nike flyknits are the go to shoe!! Want ALL of the colors!", "light weight, great foot support, with amazing breathable elastic fabric.  I fell in love with these sneakers and wear them for more than just running.", "LOVE LOVE LOVE ... I only wear Nikes, KSwiss, or Keds.  I really like the look and shape of the Nike Lunarglide style.  The toes are more pointed than round... Can't stand the rounded toe that looks like you slammed your feet against a wall.  They are lightweight ...  Feels like your walking on air..", "I am normally a size 8 and wear 8.5 in running shoes. This was huge and had a lot of heel slippage. The Lunarlon sole was also overly soft in my opinion. Good looking shoe but didn't live up to the hype.", "Love the shoe. Lightweight and very comfortable to run in", "I am rating this product a four star because I thought ordering a 9 would fit my legs but they are very small and tight, I love the design though also because it ships from outside the US, you pretty much have to be very patient and hope everything come right.", "Very comfortable to wear.It is very light while most of my old basketball shoes were heavier in comparison.And it looks good.", "these I fell in love with when I saw them purple I love very much and so I bought them as you wear them a lot as you walk the straps do hurt the skin a bit but the flops look good only wish they were a lot more comfy on the straps because I walk a lot in them...", "Very cute. Light weight but seems to be made very well. The only problem I have with them is a sticker that said &#34;squeeze me&#34; was stuck onto the bed of the shoe. I have tried several things and can not get the adhesive from the sticker to come off. Very annoying to have my shoe stick to my foot.", "The shoes look and fit absolutely perfect. They showed up four days sooner than expected.  Very pleased.  Thx very much.", "My 13 year old was just dying for shoes like this, so when I saw this price I jumped at it. These are nice looking and comfortable shoes, but they do make his foot look larger than it is. At any rate, he love them!", "Shoes r great but very little ankle protection and that very little bit hurts ur foot that is why u shouldnt buy the lebron easters", "Dope shoes", "size large but I came to buy it in fit of man and woman ... was very good for the product presentation", "Good tennis shoes took me a while to break the Nike shoes I'm more of a perfect fit so I had to buy them one size a little bit bigger am a 9.5 and I got him for 10.0 if you wear Jordans the Nike shoes she'll be half the size bigger because they're more of a tight fit", "Not race orange or street cone orange, but NEON ORANGE like back in the time of the 80's when everyone was rocking neon....yeah that color. The shoe is made very well yet on the heavy side if use to play ball. Im give three just because the picture and the actual shoe color or off heavily, which I am a fan of the color race orange. If you are having an 80's party or episode this is for you. To the younger peeps this is what is in style. Ofcourse with the right color cargo shorts and trim out top gear it can tone down the bright color of the footwear. For those those walking zombies that have not been socialized in the world these shoe might be for you. I never thought I would see the day when plastics and synthetics would take over a honest cows leather.", "Great !!!!!!!!", "I am used to running in the nimbus asics for 4 years now and I wanted to see what was all the hype with Nike. I love the design. It's a pretty shoe, but only really good for running and walking. I did a circuit class in them (lots of jumping and turning fast) and nearly twisted my ankle 3 times in an hour. It's a great shoe for running, but really not meant for any other activity. Have that in mind when purchasing!", "its a very good cleat i like it because i have a wide foot so it fits really digs in the grass i make my cuts and side shuffles great only thing is dosent have that much comfort in the cleat other then that its a great cleat thanks for the product !", "Kids have multiple shoes at home, however for some reason these shoes are much bigger than others, even though all shoes supposedly are same size (11,5). I will keep these shoes and wait another 6 months for kid to &#34;grow in&#34; to them, but will never buy from this seller because of their return/exchange policies - when I tried to return/exchange these shoes to different size only then found out that it will cost me an arm and a leg &#34;The customer will endure the cost to ship it back to us. &#34; Not only size and style looked different when arrived and I had paid for shipping ($8.95), now if I want to get correct shoe size, seller also charges me for shipping again. Nah, stay away from seller. At least shoes were too big for what they should have been sized for.", "comfortable fit and very cushioned.good for playing basketball.", "love the shoe no damage nothing brand new! new scent box everything omg love these shoes arrives on time everything my gf loves them", "My son loves these shoes. They are well made and comfortable. Price was reasonable and they fit as expected. We may buy more later in other colors.", "So comfortable and definitely my favorite shoe. I've wanted air maxes for years and couldn't be happier now that they're mine.", "Im always in love with Nike Dunk Sky Hi Wedge. Size is perfect as all my Nike are in the same size.Only bad part of it, is the packaging, the shoe box came with no covers, lucky thing Im okay for not having the box and the shoe is not damage along the way.Shoe are in great condition, love the color so much plus the price is reasonable.Great feeling and happy with my purchase.Cheers.", "They fit perfectly, are easy on the feet, and bring a tsunami of complements as work shoes...Expensive as shoes go...", "So far its good", "Very comfortable, and several compliments. I'm 9.5 E US at New Balance,  but at Nike I wear 11 US.Great shoe!", "I love these pairs, i rarely buy basketball shoes brand new and at this price.Had an amateur tournament in NY and played with these,very light if you are a point guard, this is what you need.", "Very pleased with the purchase.  The sneakers are well made, exact fit and are very comfortable.  They look pretty good to.  Would definitly recommend.", "I am a size 11 but took a chance and ordered a12 based on the assumption they run small. Glad I did, they fit perfectly. Great walking shoe and very nice looking. They do get noticed  and with favorable compliments. Another Amazon,  nailed on the head, purchase.", "I bought these after much research on many websites.  My choice in shoes like this is the way they look first, comfort second, not worried much about anything else.  I tried similar shoes on at a store before I bought these and thought they would fit fine.  As soon as they arrived and I tried them on I knew I was in trouble.  Very narrow thru the widest part of the shoe and I don't have really wide feet.  Wore them around the house, bent them back and forth for hours, to no avail.  The only good thing is the company said I can send them back for a refund which I will be doing.Good look, horrible fit.", "I love them. Fit perfect and look great.", "The shoe is very comfortable and stylish!  There is no limit of $$$ on my being comfortable, you get what you pay for...", "This is my favorite shoe to play in as it has exceptional grip on the court and I prefer to play in low top shoes.  The flywire technology should just be part of all Nike shoes now because it makes a shoe fit like a glove(as long as you have the right size).  I like this shoe so much I got it in five colors as it's a stylish shoe as well.  I don't like most of the colors released but I was lucky enough to get a pair of the EYBLs, a custom pair, a black and gray pair, and a pair that is so colorful I can't describe it.  Just a great shoe all around.", "Best shoe ever. Amazing color way. Beautiful from all sides. Perfect for basketball. Lot of technology in it: Kevlar carbon fibre.", "You would have to be the stupidest person in the world to buy these shoes.  $400!  WOW!", "Not sure if these are on par with the retail release, but something about them bugged like they were B- grades. Not fakes by any means I studied them upon receiving them greatly and they seemed somewhat on point but there were a few things about it that made me think they are b-grades. 1. Box was in terrible shape, not only that but the seller did not double box it for shipping. A bag around a box of shoes loosely tossed and turned in the UPS truck perhaps made it more beat up than it should have been. On top of that when I opened it the shoes looked to have some immediate flaws as Nike usually does on any of their outlet items. One the area above the toe box where the lacing begins was raised up like it had been warped by heat damage. It is something that may go away with wear though as the material learns to grasp on to the shape of the foot. Another issue was the holes created for the fly wire to come through look very ugly. It may not be noticeable from a distance, but damn up close it looks pretty hideous especially on this white mesh and fuse material used on that part of the upper. The flywire was very loose and makes re-lacing the Lebron X a pain. That icy blue bottom is pretty yellow, and not blue at all. Positives are the fit and feel when the shoe is on foot. Heel Cup is extremely supportive though when I tried it on, and the shoe fit my slightly wide foot very well. I go half a size up in running shoes, but for some basketball shoes like the Kobe 8 which is very tight I have to re-do the laces a particular way to have them comfortably fit on my feet to use size ten. In these there was no such issue and there is much more space toward the front of my ankle. I have pretty deep arches and I felt that this shoe supported that well. Lastly the design and colors really look nice although have some obvious flaws like the icy translucent blue being very clear and yellow although those gold flakes are a nice touch. I like the shoe but in hindsight I would not pay more than 150$ for this, the price is ridiculous and Nike is making a killing off Lebron's name and hype. Do yourself a favor and save the money, unless you NEED this shoe specifically for the way it fits and plays, there are plenty of other, cheaper options to explore.", "We decided to go ahead and spend the money to buy a good pair of shoes for our toddler.  We absolutely love these!  They are light weight and flexible, which is perfect for a little one learning to walk/run.  Unfortunately, their feet grow so fast, he hasnt had much time to get them worn out.  We love these so much, we are going to get him another pair just in a larger size.Our only wish is that it would be nice if they sold these in a wider variety of colors.", "very nice", "alalalala", "Extremely Comfortable shoes. Even if they appear a bit darker in the photo than they really are, the look nice.And, as almost any Nike Shoe, the best when we talk about comfort.Just, a tip: They are ideal for summer. If you want to use it on Winter (as I do) you would probably need a GOOD pair of socks to not suffer the cold!!", "Should've got one size bigger its the size I wear but that style is a little tight", "Husband said he could pry go up two sizes as he normally wears an 11 shoe and they were super snug. Sent them back.", "RIDICULOUSLY TOO SMALL!!! The 11 fits like an 8!!!!!  These shoes do not even come close to fitting like a size 11.", "Overall excellent....Nike normally run small so I was surprised when I sized up and they were a little sung gear tha usual.  I would not change should stretch out.", "Exactly what I expected. I read the previous posts about the shoe being narrow...which is correct so I ordered appropriately and the shoe fits great.", "He had wanted a pair of these because I have a similar pair and he loved them. He has them on as soon as his feet hit the floor in the morning and they will be going to Florida very soon.", "If you wear a size 10 1/2 (medium width), do not order these in a size 11. They will be too small.  Otherwise, the shoe would have been nice for wearing in casual situations. However, I'm not sure how much support the sole would give. So I don't know if they could be long wearing,", "Everything was great", "I wear a 10.5 to 11 and don't have wide feet. So looking at the reviews I went with a size or 2 bigger than normal. I would have been fine with 11's but the 12's will do.Super comfortable, casual, slip ons. Way better than my cardboard bottomed Vans.Get the right size and you will love these. Get the wrong size and the return for right size then be happy!", "awesome!", "To small need to get a size bigger", "Great look and feel, but the rubber on the sole of the shoe is wearing away quicker than expected", "Love these shoes, very comfortable.", "I had to read the reviews to know that I had to order one size bigger and I'm glad I did. These nike slip on's fit perfect.The only down fall is that the bottom of the show wears out extremely fast. Definitely poor quality. But other than that I love these shoes and they are stylish too.", "Wore these 10 times and had a rip on the outsole of the foot above a seam. Very disappointed in this product.", "I liked the shoe but didn't know they were going to run in a small size than actual size", "Excellent shoes but runs very small, I ordered for my husband and he usually wears a 9 so I ordered a 10to be safe and they were still to small, not sellers fault, they shipped quick and easy, just if anyone orders be sure to order bigger than normal size.", "Not true to size!  If you are a size 14 you need a 15....", "I've been wearing the Sanuks for several years. I saw the Nikes and appreciated the cleanliness of the seams. Sanuks are frayed and way more casual looking.The quality is real nice, but I saw that they ran small, so I ordered the next size larger. They fit but were tight. Typical of Nikes , I wouldn't recommend these to anyone wearing a wide of any fashion. If you wear a medium or narrow, just order a full size larger.Mine fit much better once I snipped the elastic and wore them a bit, they stretched out some. However, I'd order another pair of Sanuks if I had to do it over.", "I wear a 10-10.5 and I'm a consistent 10.5 in all normal Nike shoes. I ordered these in size 11 and they are way too small! be aware that these shoes are SUPER NARROW. the 11's fit fine in the toe and heel but they are super tight in the middle part of the foot. so I'll be returning for the 12's.it seems crazy that I would need a size 12 when I'm a 10.5 in all other Nike products but it is what it is I guess.beyond the sizing issue, these look and feel great. they aren't a sturdy shoe but I assume you know that when you purchase.wish me luck on the exchange!", "This shoe really looks good with a pair of nice jeans. We don't play golf but my husband likes Nike. I seen them and for the price they are a really good purchase. I'm going to order him another pair because he wears these all the time. Good purchase!", "nice shoes, i read where they fit small, so i ordered one size larger and they're just a lil big, so id stick to your normal size when ordering, maybe a half size larger, but thats it.", "Waaaay too small. Even order 1.5 size larger to accommodate after reading all of the reviews and still couldn't get my foot in.", "I bought these for my son.  He says they're very comfortable, but fit a little tighter than his other shoes that are similar.", "Go a size up, if not your feet will be hurting.", "Great shoe just too small. I requested to exchange for a larger size. The shoe really felt good on my feet, also my young kids liked them as well.", "very comfortable, fits perfect. I can used it all day long. I will buy another pair in other color. excelet purchase", "After reading several other reviews saying that this shoe runs small, I ended up ordering a 1/2 size larger than I wear. This was about right-on. It's true that they do run a bit small (mostly in terms of how narrow they are). Despite this, if you order about 1/2 of a shoe size larger than you actually wear, this is a fantastic casual summer shoe!", "They run really small and really tight.", "Polo is a very good high quality Nike polo listed as XL. It's really a XXX large in an Asian size that does not match up to an US size. Arms too short and tight, same for armpit area.", "i got the shoes not to long ago it look legit but as soon as i started to get a good look at it the shoes were more faker than pamela anderson breast!!! do not buy jordans from this seller you will get scammed. those 88's had glue all over the shoe stitching was way off. so if you like fake jordan be my guest and buy two pairs!! hahahhahahhahahhahah", "I ordered these expecting that the size 12 that I usually get would fit, these are very small my son wears a size 11 1/2 and these are the exact same size as his....Shoes look awesome but this pair at least was on the small side. Really no harm because my son gets another pair for himself. This is a Nike problem not the seller...The shoes are labeled as a 12", "Beautifull as expected. Just in time and fit well. Good Shipment. The green Combine with my motorcycle ninja 300 kawasaki", "very good", "I bought this tennis shoes , I love it but unfortunately was too small for me :(  I had a good experience with the return , good Company.  You can trust 100%  :)", "These shoes are awesome  I Love them they are very comfortable and I love the color of them to.  Great!!", "I love the shoes but Im having to return them for a bigger size...fit to tight across toes...but love the color", "everything is good ,,i like it . shipping was fast, and the item has good quality ....it's a little bit too big for 8 and half,, but it is ok", "I am hard on shoes. Really hard on them. I'm a personal trainer and I work myself over pretty well in the gym. these shoes are more than up to the challenge. Durable with a secure feeling, stable fit - love the 'free' platform. My only regret is that I didn't buy two pair.", "Awesome look'n! Great fit! Very comfortable! Lov'n them!", "The sneakers fit fine. But the only thing is that nike sneakers are narrow and sometimes the sneaker is too tight in the front.  But besides that it fits fine.", "I couldn't find these particular sneaker anywhere - I was a little late in looking for them - they were a present for my son so finding them here was just what I needed - my son is very happy with them and we received them so fast! And at a reasonable price", "The Lebron X's are some of the best basketball shoes I've ever owned and I grew up a sneakerhead collecting Jordans, Pennys, Barkleys, and any others shoes of collectible interest. I bought this pair of shoes to wear but I always keep in the back of my head that these could possibly be worth alot of money in three-five years so I try to keep them in good condition and I keep all boxes in D.S. condition. So to say the least I was extremely disappointed when my package arrived from F.S. Fashions and the box was completely trashed. First of all the box was wrapped in what I would describe as a white/blue-ish trash bag, covered in tears, with a box inside that looked like it had been tossed through a garbage disposal. Now I know this is a minor complaint but anyone that collects kicks knows they are worth little to nothing without the box and worth drops considerably when the box is in bad condition so receiving it that way is a little bit of a bummer, thats essentially the only thing keeping me from rating 5 stars. Shoes 5 stars. Packaging/Delivery 2 stars.", "This tank was nice but i kinda is long on a short body creating an illusion of a tummy. Tank is just okay.", "I used to run with the Free Run+ 2.  Those shoes are amazing and when they got to a point where they were too worn, I decided to give these a try.  I bought these from a local Nike store and wore it once to the gym.  Every time I centered the tongue, as soon as I took a couple of steps, they would shift way outwards. Unlike the other Free Run+ or Free+, the tongue is not attached to the body of the shoe. So if you are thinking about buying this shoe, keep this in mind. The shoe itself is comfortable, but with the tongue shift at the back of my mind, I can't focus on anything else. Avoid these, buy the Nike Free 5.0+. They are very comfortable and the tongue is attached.", "Pretty fresh kicks! Helped me run from the five-o on a few occasions when i wuz kickin it wiff my boyz.", "According to my 150# son, these football cleats are very comfortable, with good traction.  Unfortunately there appears to be a design flaw with how the rear rectangular cleats are connected to the shoe.  In 5 weeks he has snapped some of the rear cleats off at the base on two different pairs of shoes.  The cleats seem to be held in place with two thin metal posts, each the thickness of the lead in a pencil.  I am guessing that perpendicular force placed on the side of the cleat when making cuts snaps the thin metal posts and the cleats fall out.  He didn't walk on hard surfaces, just used them on grass and artificial turf.When I returned the second pair today, the shopkeeper told me he has already received about 20 pairs returned with the same problem.", "I ordered size 7 its ok but i rather buy 7.5 ,i thought all shoes the same sizes ,usually i bought 7 in all my NIKE shoes,so if u buy this you rather order bigger than your size,anyway ,i have a lot of compliments at work though", "Love them! I've had these shoes before so I knew they ran small, I wear a size 6 so I ordered a 7.", "You can even feel the breeze move through the shoe. I haven't put a lot of miles on them yet, but so far, they've been exactly what I want in a running shoe.", "They're hot. Everything I expected. Fast shipping.", "Super light and comfortable", "My son really likes how these shoes fit and perform.", "Good", "I use these to train with INSANTY and don't wear them outside of my garage, so I could care less, but just so you know, they have &#34;Palm Trees&#34; on the tongue and a cruise ship on the sole... It's like a &#34;Miami, Florida&#34; vacation concept... lol.Anyway, for training, I LOVE THIS SHOE! It's the most comfortable shoe ever and it's like training on a matress.", "My son had been looking for this color (match school football uniform) and he wears a size 13 which you can't always find that size locally. I checked Amazon and sent him the pic. He said ok and I placed the order. They have already been through a football season and they still look great. Thank you Amazon & Nike", "I always run with pegasus. This model is very confortable and very nice.!! Everybody ask me about them! may be is about the color. jajaja", "I wear a 10/10.5 I have a 10.5 superhero edition and they fit awesome!! They are so light like your not wearing anything at all!! They are also so breathable that your feet just stay comfy and dry", "I received in a very timely manner. The packaging is good. The shoes fit in very well.I only use it once for my basketball game, it works out good, very comfortable.", "Have had all GREAT compliments about my new shoes!", "i just got these sneakers and they are awesome! i love how light weight they are. i've played 28 hours in these shoes and they look and feel brand new i even wear these daily. i would recommend these to all basketball players and people who want bright comfortable sneakers.", "I bought these shoes for the wife and when she recieved them, she loved them. She wears a 7 in Boys and that is what I ordered for her, but she said they were a bit tight and that she will have to break them in. Other than that, the delivery was fast and had no problems.", "I recently attended a professional basketball game and wore these great low key boots with my jeans.  All of the crowd near me kept commenting on how good my shoes looked and asking me where did I get them.  Great color and shoe Nike", "I really like these Roshes. They feel exactly like the regular ones. IF you are scared of purchasing shoes from Amazon, as I was before, you shouldn't worry. These came in perfectly and fitted very nicely. Try to fit some roshe's in your local store before purchasing.", "Good sneakers arrived on time and fit as expected.", "Thank You so much.  Your shipment was swift, and I am sorry it has taken me a little later for me to write my Report. I am very pleased with my purchase. They fit my girls feet perfectly and she loves the color. I don't remember the dates, but I do remember that the shoes came in on the exactly when the estimated time of arrival was. Thank you again, I definitely recommend your site to purchase from.  Much appreciated.", "Perfect", "I LIKE THE RUNNING SHOE BUT IT FITS A BIT TIGHT AND I HOPE IT WILL STRETCH OUT IN TIME", "They look soo beautiful, everyone have to look at my shoes. They are the most comfortable pair of tennis shoes that I have ever had. And maybe the most beautiful.", "The stock image for these looks brown/grey, but in reality they were blue/grey, which looks way better. Very happy with them.", "these sneakers are so comfortable. I feel like I'm walking on air. I Love them", "This was a present for my husband.  Not only did he love the color but they are extremely comfortable.  He was happy.", "This t-shirt is cute but it was way too tight for me. I have another tee that looks like the same line that fits ok. I had to return this. Seller gave me no problem with the return though.", "I wear air Max all the time. I have never bought them online. I bought on Amazon because I have bought other items and was very pleased. Even returning something is very easy. The problem with these sneeks is that when I wore them to the gym they were big and I thought they would  only get bigger as time goes on. I was wondering maybe they were seconds but it did not say that in the description. I tried to return them and they will not exchange or refund any item that were worn. Now I am stuck with a pair of sneeks I can't wear and they so exepensive. I will never buy sneeks online again!", "I have bought dozens of Nike running shoes over the years, most of them are really good.  Not this one!  It isn't worth the price.", "EVERYTHING WAS AS EXPECTED , BUT THE BACKUP CAMERA IT SOMETIMES FOG UP. 4-STAR", "My husband absolutely loves them and thinks they are too cool.  I will be looking for more of these in different colors.", "They are spectacular, ultimate fashion and comfortable. This is tha last model in this referente of Nike. The size is perfect, I am 7 but buy a hal size more for sport shoes, I use thick socks to protect my feet and It works.This shoes are beautiful and perfect to do exercise.", "The air max 1 is hands down my favorite shoe. As a huge collector, this shoe will be cherished forever. And perfect mesh material for the hot summer days.", "glorious. so comfortable and the colors are off the chart! The hyper mesh fits a little nicer than the regular Air Max 1  - overall a great shoe and I really like it!", "good", "Delivery was fast and shoe was awesome. Will definitely be on the look out for different colors.! My husband loved the fit.", "These Nike's are super cute and comfy.  I ordered a 8 1/2 which fit but seem a tad to large probably because of the mesh material,  could of gotten away with a size 8.  Anyhow these shoes are cute.", "They run true to size, and are comfortable. I walk 3 - 6 miles 5 days a week and these shoes fit the bill for that activity.", "They are so cute can't wait the to put them on the baby when he comes.He will be coming real soon.", "Price was right and shipping was ok.", "The tongue of the shoe is sewn in, so there's no room for adjustment. I have high arches. It was something I didn't even consider when purchasing. I had a pair of the Lunarswift's and they were great. I ended up cutting them to make it work because it would be more money to ship them back, etc.", "Extremely high quality jacket from Nike. Great deal for a jacket that usually cost well more than this. Will wear often.", "Simply beautiful got lots of compliments and very very comfortable for being on my feet 12 hours a day.", "Love the shoes", "My son of 15, totally lives it.  Hes getting another pair.", "Son loves them...really bright.", "Nice looking shoe, fits great", "Product was as described and fit very well.  A great product at a good price.", "These made my 2 year old be able to dunk and he looks like a cool dude too.  True story.", "The shoes fit to size, and have taken the wear and tear brought on by an active 11-year-old very well.", "sure to check the SIZE of the watch, some styles are pretty large and if the guys wrist isn't large it looks a little silly. Most of the items do have a sizing picture for you to compare, just measure a known watch you have to get a perspective.", "I am very happy with my new nike shox shoes.the shoes came very fast to my house,so happy with my new shoes ,thank you very much.", "Be Careful, they run small and narrow. I had a previous pair Shox and loved them. Not sure what to do with them now!", "Shoes were what I expected, good color, good material, arrived on time, recommend this seller. I bought them for my nephew, we were a little big but no matter", "Never buy expensize shoes since they outgrow them so fast!  Great price on these so we tried them out... He loves em!", "wonderful", "Durable Nike sneak for active daughter with growing feet. Plenty of support for running, jumping and biking.", "My son saw these cleats in Sports Authority, but they never seem to have his size. So I ordered them off of Amazon and they are perfect. They fit as expected. I think that Nike's cleats tend to run a little bit bigger compared to Adidas. As for the cleats the colors are brilliant. I think the photo does not do it justice as it shows a lot of the orange. On the other side of the cleat the green from the front of the actually progressively blends into a really nice blue. The bottom of the cleat seems like it should provide good traction, but they haven't been tried outside yet.", "Nike is still number ONE, My Air Force 1's are a requirement for Summer, an oldie but goodie.  Keep them coming Nike.", "This was a gift for my husband. He loved them. They fit great. He has been showing them everyone he knows will appreciate them as much as he does.", "Awesome", "super awsome and comfortable shoes for my 3 year old. Steady and slip proof.", "excelente producto", "I have a narrow foot and this shoes fits me well (med width).  It offers good support and it fits high enough on the ankle to offer nice ankle support as well.  i have spent a lot more on tennis shoes that didn't fit of feel as good as this one.", "Just one problem, the right shoe has a piece of material that does not lay flat and it rubs the top of my foot so i had to put a pad over it.", "is a good product for players of all categories for their nice features that provide time be required. 100% recomended", "Jordan never lets me down and they arrived really quick. They fit perfect (i always buy one size bigger), true to size.", "Came in early enough for me to start me season, they're wonderful and are just truly amazing! Definitely a must buy!!!!!!!!", "This seller has this cleats priced at $230 saying thats the discounted price which is not... the shoe itself is actually $225 full retail price and so he is getting an extra $5 out of you, plus if he was to charge $300 that he has them listed for he is still scamming you out of $75 .........over.......... retail price. Go on the nike.com website and get them from there or your local store thats where i got mine, you can even customize them on the website lol amazon should not allow people to post ridiculous prices on things like that.", "fresh, clean, dope, solid kicks..fits true to size..fresh, clean, dope, solid kicks..fits true to size..must have sneakers..walking on clouds nike flyknit", "They came really fast and I love them fit a little small but next time I'll get a bigger size but I really love them my shoe style for now on", "perfect", "A friend has the same shoe, so I knew it ran a bit small.  Ordered a half size larger and works well.  Since my very first pair of Free's Ive been searching for something that works as well for me.  This was close, but not quiet.  I work 12 hour shifts in a hospital and these shoes are comfortable for the whole day.", "Super fast shipping, I'm usually size US7, but from experience I bought half size bigger US 7.5 and fits perfect. Love the color combination, thoroughly recommended.", "They weren't new. That is a shame because they were said to be new? Horrible, very very horrible. Don't buy", "These sneakers feel heavy , not as soft as other Grif or Air Max , if you paid more than a 100 you paid to much", "I found this site on Amazon by accident.  Decided to purchase these hard to find shoes for my grandson when all other attempts to find them locally failed.  Made the purchase on June 11, 2013 via standard shipping and the shoes arrived on June 14, 2013.  Wow!  Never expected them to arrive so quickly.  These Nike Air Jordan 11 Retro Shoes were just as they were described on Amazaon.  Brand new in the box.  What more can you expect.  I even contacted the owner after making the purchase and received an immediate response from him.  The owner of this company is &#34;First Class&#34; in my books and I look forward to doing business with his company again in the future.  Thanks for a great buying experience.  After reading my review if you are in the market for all types of sneakers and specialty shoes don't look any further order them from the ARCH Sneaker Store.", "Love'm! :-) They are very comfortable and look sharp. Very pleased!", "Looks just like picture, so Nike bag for a great price...very cool haven't seen to many with a zipper thats a good bonus.", "Seems to be well made.", "Perfect gift for my godson.  He was looking for a lightweight bag for lacrosse.  He is very happy with this bag.Loves it.Thank you.", "Had this for over a year and still use it!!!! I like it because not only am i a Nike fanboy but most gymsacks don't have a &#34;zippered&#34; front like this bag does. other than that, quality seems good! has vents on the bottom to air dry/ventilate your soaked gym clothes/towels..... So far the bag has held up well!!!! no tears.... Super happy w/ this bag!", "Great product", "Awesome!!!", "I recently purchased these to replace some older gym shoes.  These are just what I needed.  Lightweight with great cushioning. I have the black with grey stripe so I can wear with anything.  Will not be my last pair.", "I ordered it 11.5 because I have other Nike shoes 11.5.But in this case due to its material (???), I realize I should have ordered 11.00. Unfortunately I used it 3 times otherwise I would have exchanged it", "I have had Air Max before and this is very comfortable.  Little bit bigger fit than my old pair, but still very good.", "LOOK GREAT AND FEEL VERY COMFORTABLE, WOULD NEVER USE FOR RUNNING BUT FOR HANGING OUTGREAT FIT GREAT LOOK. THANKS", "My honey man loves them. They were a perfect Father's day gift. I'm so glad we bought them for him.", "Quality shoe, snug fit, and look great. Very light and comfortable running shoe. I recommend this shoe and a great price!", "Awesome shoes!  Very light and very comfortable!  I'm on my feet all day so these are perfect!  Will order again!", "This is a shoe that really fits reall good and very nice looking. It's a very light weight shoe and I love the way it feels on my feet. Would definately recommend this shoe to others.", "These feel a lot like Nike+ on the foot, which is a good thing in my humble opinion.  They are very light-weight.  The fit is what I expect from a Nike size 12.", "These trail running shoes are comfortable, lightweight and they provide excellent lateral support. I really like the feel and look!", "I bought these for my boyfriend and he LOVED them! However, after only a couple of weeks, a small hole formed, so we sent them back. I would've loved to have gotten another pair...great looking shoes.", "Needed 1/2 larger", "I bought these as a birthday gift for my boyfriend and he absolutly loves them. They are really good looking with any outfit and he is always saying how comfortable they are. I am really happy with this purchase.", "Good value for a good shoe", "This item is Excellent, great design, it's made from fabric and plastic , they are no heavy, they are to running", "Bought two pairs of these for a casual shoe because of the comfort. Ahhhh!  BUT, they are a little flimsy. After just a few wearings they show immediate signs of wear and I'm not running in them only running errands. Although they look good I think they are little pricey for the wear quality.  It's a $39 generic shoe not a $75 Nike.", "Are very soft...", "Great pair of shoes very light weight", "I bought this shoes for one of my sons. These are awesome looking, comfy shoes! He loves them!", "I bought these in red for my son a month ago. They are not everyday shoes. Within two weeks he had a hole in the top of the shoe.  Treads were already heavily worn. Returned them to Dicks for a different shoe. Do your research.  Good looking but not for everyday use.", "Very confortable, just the right amount of cushion. Light. This is my 4th pair. Bought the first pair and liked them enough to get several colors.", "Love,love,love them.  They fit as expected. They are so,so ,so flashy and comfortable at same time.  What's not to like?", "very comfy wore it out the store going 10 days nothing but praisecolour true to pic, lovely purplegood for walking, jogging, circuit training, shopping, you name it", "I've bought running shoes before and was skeptical about ordering shoes online because i wasn't sure as to how they'd fit but these are awesome! fit great and so comfortable! highly recommended", "Purchased this pair of running shoes for my husband and he loves it. It was going for a really good price, plus based on the good reviews we read, it was a no-brainer. He says it fits well (true to size) and is very comfortable.", "I did not like: the price of the product is high and size of Nike's different from the rest of the companies and the biggest drawbackI liked: the design of the shoe", "perfect for running", "Love these shoes! They're lightweight, adorable, and wayyy comfortable! They fit perfectly. I've been wearing them for four months every day to work and they still look new. The only parts that get dirty are the blue stripe along the bottom and the white bottom- and when I can take a wet wipe to them and they still look brand new. Would recommend to anyone!", "These Nike's fit great, however the shoes I received were not the same color as the original photo. The original photo was black, blue and orange, but the sneakers I received were gray, blue and orange...", "I bought those shoes about a month ago thinking they were cheap and comfortable and I never had problems with soccer shoes before. I play soccer 3 times a week and within a month I bruised both right and left toenails. I have bruised my toenails skiing in the past but it's the first time I see it happen while playing soccer and on both feet within such short time! The sole is definitely softer than previous shoes and the tip rather round instead of pointy, so that might contribute?!? Anyways, it makes me sad, but I'll need to stop wearing them and find new shoes.", "It was a decent boot but the word hyper venom inside rubbed of after 1 wear.The material at the back also creased up. Other than that it was fine.", "I had ordered these shoes for work, and didnt even read the reviews. so when I received the shoes i was hoping i didnt have a bad experience with them like the other buyers did. to be honest these shoes are very comfortable, i stand for my whole shift (8hrs++) i have other pairs of shoes but these work for me.", "From all the Nike's running shoes this is the least comfortable for running, it does not hold the toes well. But in general I love the Nike products", "I liked the way they looked but the size was not accurate or it probably was that my foot grew and I didn't realize but other than that the shoes look good", "Great running/training shoes.  My daughter wears these at Military school for intense training and she is very happy with the fit and comfort.", "excellent", "This is my 5th pair of Nike running shoes.  I have a narrow heal and not many other brands give me a proper fit.  No need to purchase for twice the price at a running specialty store with these.  Very satisfied!", "Comfortable shoe", "I wear a size 10 and my feet are somewhat wide so its hard to find a good fit especially shopping online. They are comfy and feel great while running my feet havent been sore yet while i wear them.", "Comfortable shoes and I love the look!", "So happy we purchased throughAmazon. Saw in the store for a lot more money. These fit true to size and are a great qualty cleat for turf use.", "Hi, my kid wore them for one week, and they already had a damage in the upper part near where the sock was, started peeling off.I&#34;m starting to think these sellers sell FAKE nike products using Amazon, so i've just decided to use ONLY NIKE site to be sure of the product i buy.Be careful and Amazon should be careful too !", "I practice and play on turf fields and I thought this will give me more movement without killing my feet. I usually wear 7 & 1/2 size but I got an 8. I got a blister on the left foot on the back ankle what made me mad until I broke it in. Now I put some protection before I use them just as a prevention. Shoe now is nice and adjust well. Contact with the soccer ball is nice. I would recommend it and get an another pair again.", "Love the shoe but it is so tight fitting on the sides that it's difficult to put on. Nice colors.", "Excelente!!!!!", "For the price, the shoe is pretty good for knocking around. The color, as shown in the photo is true and the only glitch is that it runs around a half size too small- a 9 1/2 would've been a tad more comfortable than the 9 I usually wear.", "I haven't played in years and I joined a rec league recently. I picked these shoes up to keep my feet in shape and motivate myself to keep playing. They are a touch more pricey than I hoped to pay, but they are worth it. They provide traction everywhere you need it for ball control. They are nice and tight to keep your feet where they need to be and keep your souls from shifting in the shoe.  I don't love the texture on the back of the shoe, but that is a very small complaint.Overall these shoes are great. I am glad I picked them up. I am going to be looking to upgrade within the same line in maybe a year or so.", "Perfect! Five Stars'!", "buena marca", "Not sure if I got a pair of lemons, but I have played (4) 50 minute indoor games with these shoes and already the sole is coming apart from the leather in the front, on both shoes. I do enjoy the feel of the shoes, however I am concerned about how long they will last me. Never have I had to bust out the shoe glue so quickly.", "This has to be the best pair of indoor soccer shoes I have ever owned. I got the turf shoes to prevent slippage when playing at my indoor soccer facility, regular indoor shoes were not working very well.These are very comfortable and shaped to my feet the best so far.", "First pair of Nike's I have purchased in many years. The rubber &#34;cleat&#34; pattern is perfect for when you can't wear hard cleats. Very light shoe too. It definitely has the signature narrow build of Nike, but the material expands to fit wide feet.  The size fits true. I usually step down on Adidas, but these fit tight at your real foot size.", "they just looks better in real :) , the color were perfect and they fit great. since they arrive he's using them", "Super stylish & original! Tons of compliments on these shoes!  Sturdy and can be used for my younger son as well!", "My son has been wanting a pair of Jordan's for a while now.  We finally broke down and got him a pair this year.", "These are one of the nicest and most underrated colorways released so far, definite cop. Price is a little up there, but I'm not the type to jump on every foam release but these are definitely on the list.And to the guy saying they're fake, they're real, do a little research before reviewing.", "There is supposed to be a nike sign on the back this foamposite instead of a star so these shoes are overpriced and FAKE. So save your money.", "They really are fake I have the shoes and bought them at the mall and they do not have a star on the back...", "I bought these for a son that is playing soccer in college and on a mens league team. The shoes fit as expected. Through the first two months of use they have held up well, there are no signs of rips or coming unglued. If they continue performing as they are, I will probably get him a second pair of these.", "Hands down best soccer cleat I have ever owned. I've been playing for 19 years and am still impressed with the build and performance quality of this cleat. The cleats DO come with the Mercurial bag pictured and also has a small width-wise zippered pocket on the inside top. Perfect for ball pumps, socks, or small personal belongings. The carbon fibre on the bottom is very much real and makes the soles super stiff but yet the lightest shoe ever. The cleats themselves are Firm Ground but yet have a little sway to them on harder surfaces like wood or concrete (try to avoid these surfaces at all costs to avoid extra wear) Its a unique feeling compared to other cleats I've worn but on grass they are a beast. Ball handling, running, stopping, jumping, all amazing in these. Fit like a glove (Nike Soccer's strong suit) so order true size. The visual's of this cleat are stunning. Loads of compliments so far but you can easily blind people if they aren't expecting it (literally) in the sun; they are brighter than a highlighter. Ive been practicing with these nearly daily and expect to be using these for a long time. I regularly clean the cleats keep them in the bag and always put the cardboard inner piece back in the cleats when not in use (cardboard pieces come with cleats). Im pairing these cleats with the Adidas Brazuca 2014 Fifa World Cup Winter Match ball, highly recommended. Overall if you're worried about price, just go for it. With soccer cleats the more you spend, the better product you get. Happy kicking!", "this is a comfortable shoe I wear them often and I like Nike brand I will tell my friends about this you thank you", "thank you I love these shoes they are great!!", "I bought these shoes for my 6,5&#34;, 290lb son for Father's Day, he is 38 yrs in age and liked the shoes... He is conservative and selective about what he wears, a teacher and a coach for a boys football team.  So far I have been satisfied with my purchases from Amazon", "Ordered on a weekend and had my package before the next weekend. Product was exactly what I was looking for. I even tried the product manufacture and they told me I could not get this shoe in my size. I stumbled upon the kicks shop while looking at other things and they actually had what I was looking for. Product was exactly as stated very pleased with the shipping except waiting in line at the post office.", "I love nike  Air Max 95 sneakers! they fit great they are comfortable, and they look good on your feet. the premium tape are new to the lineup and they fit right in with the rest of the 95 airmax lineup so if you can still find a pair in your size get them their worth the money. ps. I'm still looking for the black and grey, premium tape 95 airmax if any one still has them in size 10 let me know", "EXCELLENT PRODUCT. FIT AS AXPECTED. GREAT QUALITY MATERIALS AND GREAT AIR CAPSULE.JUST TOOK TOO LONG TO GET TO MIAMI.THANK YOU", "I love these shoes!", "Great shoes very light and comfortable a little sung need to break them in.", "I allowed our little man to chose which shoes he would like to have.  He picked a color I thought was a little bit bold but,  all in all it turned out well.He tells everyone he sees now that he has a pair of Nike's!", "Fit great and love the material!", "Purchased for my grandson.  He told me what size he wanted; when they arrived, he tried them on and said they were perfect.", "My 10 year old soccer playing son asked me to write this review.. He was impressed with how light it was and comfortable it felt. It is a tad expensive, but seeing how good it feels, I would say it is money well spent. Problem is that kids' feet keep growing, and I will to to shop for another pair in three months!", "This product came fastx  I am very pleased!  It fits perfectly and I wanted them for cheer tryouts, and they came the night beforex  They are expensive though, that is my only complaint.", "Nike pro shorts are amazing! I traded my VS boyshort underware for them! Purrrrfect:-) Can't wait to keep getting more and more!!!!", "I like the shorts and fit for what I need them for but was expecting a little bit more support for running.  I kept them and use them.", "It is a nice pair of shorts if you are on the thin side and toned. If you have a little extra in the middle they are uncomfortable.", "They're really soft and they're wonderful for running and stuff. They fit as described and the color is exactly the same as well.", "Perfect for daughter age 11.", "My 12 year old son and I have to agree upon what shoes he gets, and these ones we both liked.  They fit well...a little on the big side so he has room to grow.  I gave them 5 stars because my son was so happy with them and really likes the style, color and fir.", "I love the colors of this shoe (a little more hot pink than the orange I was expecting from the picture) and they fit well. The only problem I see is that the laces are too short.  I don't even have them laced all the way to the final hole and I can only tie a one-sided loop.  They come loose when I'm running.  I'd replace the laces, but I like the hot pink striped laces, others would take away from the great colors!  Other than that, the shoe is well made, though the tongue is a bit big for my taste, the shox have plenty of spring, and the sewing on the main panels is well done.", "Love these. Light & fit just great", "Although I love the look and these are super comfy and fit true to size. The little cute dots on the design bleed through where my foot bends. I NEVER have been outside in the rain or in puddles. Also I've had them for a month and walk about 5 miles a day and the bottom traction is also wearing off a lot. They fit true to size. I have the Moypup color in these that are a different fabric and they are perfect!", "I love my rosheruns they are incredibly lightweight and super comfy!!! The pattern is adorable and stylish for any  occasion but I wear mine mainly for working out.", "I wear this shoe every place I go.  I love the colors, the fit and the comfort it provides.  I plan to wear it out then buy another pair!This shoe makes for happy walking and extremely happy feet.", "Good for running.", "Run large and VERY wide. Very comfortable and no complaints otherwise.", "My fiance loves these. They fit perfect, we did have to order a size larger than she usually wears . Other than that , it's a good buy with fast shipping.", "The shoe is nice, but the fitting is not...other brands same size fit excellent...show recommend at least half size bigger", "I bought these Nike 'flip-flop' sandals for my cousin.  She loves them.  They match a Nike jumpsuit (training 'track suit') she already owned.", "Eran de regalo para mi madre y ella dice que eran m&aacute;s c&oacute;modas que las que ten&iacute;a antes.Buena apariencia, buen material, en fin son muy buena inversi&oacute;n.", "This was just what my daughter wanted.  She says they are the most comfortable flip flops ever.  The cushioning is quite nice.  We chose Amazon because local stores started at size 6 and we needed a 5 for her little foot!  We would purchase these again in a heartbeat - either for her, or I would buy for myself!", "am going to order another pair in a different color", "This pair of nike's had become my favorite shoes! They are comfortable, the colors are vibrant and full of life. I receive lot's of compliments every time I wear them.", "I bought these for my 13 year old daughter. She is extremely picky when it comes to her shoes. Not only did she love the colors, they are extremely comfortable on her feet!", "Little to big", "Very comfortable and easy to slip on. Can't wait to wear these at the beach!", "If it's very perfectly I'm happy I got them", "great fit", "These Nike shoes are very confortable, they may feel kind of weak but the support is superb. The colors are killer white, teal and orange is a great combination with other clothing elemnts!", "It is just a bit too short, the back of the skirt seems to just barely cover my butt and when I'm running I assume it's probably bouncing up pretty high.  The shorts underneath could really use some of that tacky stuff that you find in other skorts to keep them from riding up your thighs and causing thigh chafing.  The material and color were nice and fit was otherwise correct to size.", "That's great pair of shoes more than expected even for the most exigent.  I just love them color and appearance make the difference. ..", "Its authentic. Am a very satisfied customer. Would love to see more choices from the club sneaker. Please bring in more air max thank you", "Perfect trail running shoe, best traction I've ever had.  Won't use anything else.. Hope that Nike continues to make them. Thank you.", "Grandson love them.  Was a great birthday surprise for him.  He was very excited about them and they were exactly what he wanted.", "My daughter loves this shoe! The size was exact to her foot. She's been wearing the shoe for about 2 weeks and still likes the way it feels.", "I bought these for my younger cousin and he really loves them but it is a ripoff. I only bought these from here because I could not find them in his size in the store but they charge 154 here while they are over 50 dollars cheaper in store.", "Purchased for my granddaughter back to school.  They look good and fit great.  Shipping was a little slow but they arrived just in time.  Good size selection and price at Amazon.", "They came quick which I loved! They were a birthday gift. Was a little worried about the bottom part at first...thought they were clear but turned out silver,  wasnt sure he would like that be he does. Hes pretty picky. LolSo ladies, if ur man likes ken griffey this is definitely the shoe for him. Highly recommend!", "I got this for my 10-year-old son. He loves it.  It's  high-quality and looks great. Lots of room and pockets to carry everything you need at the gym.", "Bought this for my 10 year old and he loves it.  His 13 year old brother tends to use it a lot therefore causing brotherly arguments.  Ah, the joys of parenting.  Nonetheless, great backpack!", "These shoes are great and really cute on. I wouldn't buy these for exercise but they are lightweight and comfortable. Great for walks and general use.", "I think I lost this bag within the first 4 months that I had it... When I had it though, it was perfect for carrying my cleats and gear to and from practice.", "Bought this for our son who plays basketball. Hes able to fit his shows water phone and an extra pair of shorts and a shirt in this thing with ease. Very nice!!", "I noticed that this bag is not for soccer. Cuz the opener is just not that big to put the full size soccer ball easily. Beside, the material and quality is very awesome. I love the design.", "excelenete producto", "The shoe looks ok but seems to cut into the rear of my ankle. It wore a blister into both feet and I will need to wear a brace to avoid further discomfort.", "I bought this shoe for my husband. And we think the shoe is a fake. We will not be buying anymore shoes from Amazon. We are stuck with them now and the price was great. You get what you pay for. But we don't want to slander anyone, we are just not sure if its real or not??????????????", "very nice, beautiful, good, everything ok, thanks", "I was a little hesitant to order these at first afraid they'd be knock-offs but after checking them out Im glad I did they look nice and feel comfortable they also came right away, looking into a second pair now =]", "I've owned over 50 pair of Nike's in the past 15 years but never bought high tops until my knees and ankles needed the support. I purchased these Nike Air Max A2's looking for a change in support. The shoe wasn't a bad fit until I tried to lace them all the way up. The shoelaces came extremely short right out of the box. I can't tie them about midway, so I might as well have bought low-tops.I understand that shoelaces aren't that expensive, but once you pay beyond a certain price on brand name shoes your expectation level of the shoe increases along with the price. In other words I expected the shoe to fit as described, which is a high-top fit. It's not like I'm new to Nike's...If you want my perspective on it, I'd describe the shoelace length like buying a belt in your waist size only to find out the belt only holds up one side of your pants. It's ridiculous and Nike ought to know better but Amazon buying these shoes and re-selling them to customers ought to really know better through showing some initiative on quality assurance.I was planning on buying 3 more pair from Amazon but instead went to a retail store and received a price match and got the correct length shoelace. As for me, this is the first and last time I buy shoes online.As a matter of fact, I haven't purchased anything else from Amazon since the last 2 products I purchased were less than satisfactory and it just may be my last.. Come on Amazon, get it together!", "i gave this as bday gift to my husband! he loves it so comfortable he said..he used this for playing basketball", "This is a good shoe.  It has nice gray color with just enough orange for a teenaged boy. The shoe laces are to short.", "My son loves the cool look and comfort all in one.  Would absolutely recommend this item. Nike is the way to go", "A bit tight due to tongue of shoe being more glove fit, but after breaking in I really like the show", "My son likes the look of this shoe. He had a pair in red and black previously, so I bought these when I saw them at $50. There are several vendors selling this shoe here and there are combinations of colors, so the prices are from just under 50 to 100. I think there are better shoes out there for 60 and above. These are all synthetic, which is much better these days than it used to be, but leather still commands a premium. They are fairly light, good for some one who plays basketball. They only had medium, but my son who prefers wide did not have a problem with the fit. The main problem I have is the sole is a bit soft. My son plays ball at the playground alot and the blacktop wears these out quick. I have seen other shoes last longer on him.", "I had the last years version in white and blue colors and I use them a lot so this year I wanted to get this new version. While it looks as great as before it's not as comfortable.  The arch shaped piece at the bottom of the laces (above the nike logo on top) presses against top of my feet tightly and makes it quite uncomfortable. I remember last years models were extremely comfortable on the first day even without breaking them in. This new model after 5 days is still tight on the top. The rest fits well and as good as previous model but the top piece is a deal breaker for me as it defeats the purpose.", "It is a fantastic shoe. It got here in no time at all. The shoe is comfortable and I enjoy wearing them.", "Fit is very narrow. I would definately try these on in a store before buying. Otherwise, they are a great looking shoe.", "Nike made a very good job with this shoes. The material seems to be resistant. I do recommend this buy.", "I expected more.", "Excellent stability and comfort. I also like the flashy color specially at night. Cars notice you on the pavement.Bought a T-shirt same color to give max effect :)", "Love them", "The first couple of days I wore the shoes, they were not very comfortable. HOWEVER after wearing them now for over a week, they are very comfortable. I will definitely buy another pair before they change the model or discontinue making them.", "I've bought a lot of Nike shoes, but I have to say for the money this isn't one of my favorites. I was expecting something more substantial in a cross trainer. This shoe feels pretty light and &#34;flimsy&#34;. It doesn't seem to me like you're getting a lot of shoe for the money. I think you can do better for the amount of cash you would spend on this one.", "Excellent for many purpose and very light", "these were for my son and he just loves them they are a good fitting shoe and nice style", "The subject Nike shoe is great in shape and very comfortable, I like the model and colour; however, it is slippy on wet floor...", "Great workout shoe.  I need an extra half size larger in any Nike product, but knowing that I've discovered that I can buy these on-line without worry.", "Well made, no problems.", "It fits as expectedThe material looks rather good qualityOther potentials customers should consider the style and type of material this shoe is made of (when I purchased it there were just one little picture available. Zoom view was not available)The item is below my expectation but it looks rather good quality", "I bought these for my husband and he loved them.  I can't say how they are holding up because he's cautious about wearing them because he doesn't want to &#34;mess&#34; them up.", "This was a great buy for me! I usually wear 11.5 in Nike shoes so I ordered 11.5 and they fit perfectly. They're nice and light so they'll be perfect for casual wear or when I'm running around. The biggest surprise was they look better in person than on the picture which is a bit unusual because it's usually the other way around. I definitely recommend these for people that like athletic shoes that are light  and extremely comfortable!", "Love this sneaker.  It's my second pair.  They are exceptionally comfortable and light.  Flexible and very-well cushioned.I usually wear a 7-7.5 in regular shoes and an 8 in running shoes due to needing a bit of extra space for my orthotics in the running shoes.  But these fit, with the added orthotics, in a 7.5.", "Love this shoe but can get it for less than this at the Nike outlet stores.", "Very lightweight and perfect for cross training. cute colors too.", "I can see why people say the size runs a little small.. I'm a size 8 and ordered 8. It is a little snug but still fits perfectly because my toes are not crammed at the front. I absolutely love the design!!! I train with these shoes in the gym and they give me perfect support!", "I usually order a half size up in sneakers. I wear a 7 1/2 and bought an 8- they fit perfect and the colors are great.", "They are lite to the feet and are very comfy. My daughter just love the feel of them. Very flexible and cool. One happy young lady.", "I love these shoes. I have a very thin foot and these fit great without feeling like there is extra space on the sides of my feet.", "Works great for me. I like low profile shoes for cross training and this fits the bill. Lightweight, flexible and very, very comfortable. True to size too.", "Great shoes comfortable and perfect for my gym workouts. Low around ankle so if you need more ankle support these shoes are probably not suitable.", "These sneakers are so cute and comfortable. Couldn't be more happy with my purchase, it feels like I'm walking on air.", "Durable and comfortable.", "They aren't cushioned very well. They are hard on my feet. I will need soft inserts.", "Comfortable shoe but doesn't have enough cushion. I won't buy it again.", "the shoe laces are really short, hard to double knot. they are a bit snug but overall I like them.", "Great for your average player", "This is the most comfortable tennis shoe I had in years.  I am on my feet at work all day, at the end of the day my feet do not hurt.", "Bought these for my wife after trying them on at a local store.  They were $35 less on Amazon than the local store and that was worth it.  Great fitting shoe to use for her purpose, playing tennis, but can be used as a general cross training shoe.", "I was upset to see that these were USED shoes and were advertised as brand new also they came with black laces instead of brown.... They are really clean and not creased or dirty, but they are USED.", "Like it alot", "I have been looking for high-tops for quite a while.  I appreciate Nike making them again and as exactly as they were made in the 80s but with a little 21st century update.  The shoe fits great.  As a have a wide foot, I typically go up a 1/2 size with Nike and they fit perfectly.  If you are looking for that perfect 80s High-top, this is the perfect one.", "look awesome, fit good. I would get them again. Cool colors and nice look. I love airmax's and will continue to buy them. Even Though they cost as much as a car payment", "The service is excellent. The product came home on time and it was exactly as it appeared described in the post!I really recommend Amazon. They actually fulfilled my expectations.Thanks. M&oacute;nica.", "Great shoes. Look great, fit great, feel great", "My son loved these things when he first got them but as with all kids they don't look so good now.", "just as described!", "Authentic and delivered on time, really nice shoes", "i love this shoes everything about this shoes is awesome, the color the design and comfortable. Superxtra happy about my shoes.", "They were small some how but im using them", "They are perfect and fit . I'll order shoes here next time I'm looking for a new pair for sure..", "I am satisfied with delivery, it was very fast, the box was a bit broken and old, but that's okay, shoes fit and I am satisfied with them, but I am very disappointed with the tax I had to pay for them. I didn't expect that I would have to pay the third of the price of the shoes so I ended up paying A LOT. all in all i give this purchase 4 stars.", "Great sneakers! Arrived in just 3 days and size was perfect. Very comfortable and love the colors. Must have for sure!", "Great shoes!!", "Got these for my husband, who is pretty picky when it comes to sneaks!! He loved it.  This pair is super cool!! The color is great and has a great arch support.  He wore it the entire weekend.  The service and the follow up was amazing.  Thank you for a fast ship!!", "Looks awsone! Bought the wrong size (my bad) so i had to return it.", "I love this shoe.  Great color and quality.  No imitation here.  I would definitely order these shoes again, they are great!", "Had these shoes for two months, wore them to the river and after walking on regular size rocks and pebbles, came home and both shoes were popped.  Very thin sole between air bag and bottom of sole.  Goat-heads or any sharp rock will pop these shoes in a jiffy.  Guaranteed.  Waste of money, but the store did take them back.  Nike outlet store has these for $74.99.  Go get them while they're hot!", "Honestly - I'm very particular about my sneakers.  I do a lot of aerobics - and tend to really notice elements of shoes that others often don't.  I noticed the price tag associated with these shoes - and it almost scared me away (to be honest with you).  Glad I wasn't!  From the moment I put these shoes on - I knew they were the right ones.  Nike's tend to run a little 'small' on me - so I purchased a 10 - when in fact I normally (for a dress shoe) wear a 9.5.  Wow - great fit.  Incredible look feel.  I only worked out in them twice (thus far) but the knee pain that I had felt with my previous sneakers does not exist with these - so believe me when I say - they're worth EVERY PENNY.  Thanks Nike and Amazon!", "i choose this shoes because i need it to run long distances. i recomend this producto to everyone who want to experience a lightweight shoes thtat cause no fatigue at all and it will deliver excelent performance.", "I was looking for a fashionable sneaker and took a chance on the Lebrons.  They are great looking and very comfortable.  Definitely pleased with this transaction.", "I've always wanted these shoes since I was a kid, and could never afford them.  Well, I saw these on Amazon and wanted to finally buy a pair.  From the pics, they looked great.  But when I received them in the mail, I was EXTREMELY disappointed!  These shoes are NOT bright white...or even white.  Rather, they are cream.  Specifically, they look like they were bought when they originally came out like in 1988 or so, and was keep in the closet since.  These shoes looked aged!DO NOT BUY THESE SHOES, because they LOOK OLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "Great", "Best shoes for me but four pairs different colors great ankle and sole support love it walked all over disneyland just awesome  Iam a fan!", "Hi, I had order this Nike NSW SKYstepper Men's Sneakers Pure Platinum/Atomic Red-White, for my Nephew, it arrived before the time stated, Not sure of the Location to The Bahamas, packaging was great, size was as requested & tracking was available. He Love's it, Thx. Amazon & Rollbackdeal, for making this transaction a smooth one.", "ankle sleeves rub in the back", "Great fit and comfort. Our son was very pleased with the feel and style. The colors were perfect and sizing was Perfect.", "Excellent fit for my sonny.", "I love these very lite fit and comfortable great for my collection I would buy again I love these great find", "Perfect", "It fits well , look cool and it feels realy comfortable while walking for long distance or at the gym.", "make sure you buy a whole size up if you have wide feet or high arches like me.  other than that, they feel great and are quite comfortable.", "Looks beautiful though, just cannot be worn", "Would be great shoes... But too small", "I have been purchasing running shoes since 1970 so have purchased many hundreds of pairs so I thought I knew me size pretty well. But these shoes are a different animal and would definitely recommend purchasing one half size larger than you normally do. Worked out OK for me as i merely took the shoe insert out and don't wear socks but if you want to wear socks or use the insert get a larger size.  I also trimmed off the shoelace eyelets as the laces are not necessary at all and the shoes look much better without laces.  Very novel indeed and quite comfortable.  I use them for gardening and they are terrific as I don't get anything in my shoes.", "Nice shoe. I should've went and recommend people go up .5 from their normal size. Other than that it's very nice.", "Fits little too snug around my feet but I'm sure I'll get used to it. Very light and flexible.", "Perfect I fell in love with these shows after I ran 3 miles in them I will buy another pair, they are very light weight and slide on like a new pair of socks. I'm very pleased with Nike flyknits!", "I always wear a perfect size 9M....but these were a bit tight at the toe box.....re-ordered a 1/2 size up and they fit like a glove.", "Perfect,  as i have come to expect from Amazon.", "They're so cute and comfortable!", "Comfortable, very light weight. Fits really tight at first but after wearing them for a min or two you will completely forget you are wearing any shoes at all. The laces seem pretty useless and are mostly there for looks. I took the laces out and find the shoe to be much more comfortable and easy to wear", "These are by far the most comfortable shoes that I have ever worn! Excellent for working out or running errands for a quick grocery run!", "I tried this sneaker on but it was slightly small. However I did consider keeping them because I thought they might fit after breaking them in. I ended up returning these shoes because I am diabetic and it is not recommended to use undersize footwear, however they seemed to be of quality construction. Attempted to order a larger size but they were not available through the same vendor. Item was available through other vendors but at a substantially higher price.", "Really good shoe I would recommend to friends. Very lightweight and comfortable I also like all the colors it comes in", "It is good and comfortable.wearing it for several hours will exert pressure on the ankle.", "Let me start with what a great shoe!  It really helped me mitigate my heel strike. Seems to be a pretty standard Nike free sole with excellent curve from heel to toe and great mid arch support.  The whole &#34;sock like&#34; upper portion is truthfully kind of gimmicky.  Not in a negative way but certainly not necessary, It's good support all around with no pinching or digging and I have no complaints at all, I just don't see an &#34;advantage&#34; over a traditional Nike Free running shoe. I didn't see a need for the laces at all either, removed mine after the first run and not missed them yet. There is the aspect of not using socks with this shoe personally i couldn't do it, just felt weird. But I suppose as long as you washed them regularly this wouldn't be a problem.  Personally I haven't noticed anything truly negative at all and I have about 42mi collectively on them so far.", "I chose it for the GYM and it fits like a glove. Should not be wearer with socks. size fits as expected", "These shoes are heaven to your feet! Super light and feels just perfect!Everything is great about these shoes!thank you!", "These are like socks with padding that you can run in without tearing up your feet.  I would recommend to a friend.", "I bought it for my friend. I order the same size (10M) of Nike with two different styles, one is as expected, but this pair is too large. I don't know why.", "Got the shoe and I love it. Wear them for only a couple hours at a time because if you wear them all day they will get too tight around the ankles and will become very uncomfortable. Great performance on the track, they are light but strong enough to support the bottom of the foot. They do help out with shinsplints and are very comfortable for pounding out those miles! Would recommend.", "Came quick, shoes are great. Nothing to complain", "Great shoe but ran smal for size.", "Most the air force ones we get seem to be about all the same size. These ran slightly bigger than the others, but not much and isn't an issue. My son said that tightening the laces makes em fit good still. The color is true to the pic they have listed. :-) He likes the confort of all the air forces he's gotten.", "excellent shoes. thank you christine", "I really really want this shoe in a 10 or 10 1/2...what size is this? I need to know asap.", "If you are a runner and like to run long distance this is probably the best shoe Nike offers for runners! I run all the time on the treadmill and outdoors. I have done quite a bit of research because the nike 2.0 is popular among my friends, however they do more weight lifting. The Nike Free 5.0 is definitely more light weight and flexible than the 2.0. It also offers a lot more arch support for those of us who have really high arches! Another great thing is that the toe area is wider than most running shoes. (They may look like \"duck feet\" from the wearers point of view, but trust me it's for a good reason!)When someone is running, the moment their foot connects with the ground on each step, all of the tiny bones in the foot need to be able to spread out, because the toe on this shoe is so wide it allows for that to happen. If the foot is constricted in a narrow shoe, the bones are going to grind together because they are not allowed the room they need, this can cause a lot of foot pain and more severe problems down the line.  The Nike 2.0 is not as wide as the 5.0 and any training shoe isn't going to have this feature. If you are looking for great running shoe, or just a comfortable shoe that you can wear all day, this is definitely a great buy and well worth the money!I now have 2 pairs of these shoes and wear them for working 8 hour shifts where I am walking/standing all day, and to the gym to run a couple of miles! Also this shoe fits true to size. If you're not sure of what size you should get, I would suggest getting half a size up! I wear 5.5 in sandals, and 6 in flats or heels, but in running shoes I always get a 6.5! That way they are never too snug and I can wear them with thin or thick socks!", "they look better in person, my grandson love them.", "4", "Great sandals. Super comfortable..only regret is not ordering more! The color is true to the picture and the fit is great.", "Shoe was uncomfortable and rubs the feet.", "Comfortable and durable!Ive been ordering these for years, I will keep ordering for as long as im working! Need more colors!", "I'm so sad.. I bought the boots.. looked good an all but I used them once an they are too small", "Have been wearing these for 6 months now and love them. They are light and extremely comfortable. Only complaint is that they can be squeaky when walking with how the tongue moves but other than that they are a great boot!", "I have been buying this shoe for the last few years.  I have tried to find it locally but Amazon doesn't so 'seasonal' sales and they are there when my current pair wears out!", "These do take a few days of wearing them to feel perfect but once they are wore down a little they are the most comfy work shoe I have ever own!", "I brought these for my teenage son. He said that they fit true to size and are very comfortable. Will buy these again.", "Great sneakers comforatble fit for the price", "Great looking red and black shoes will go back to buy more and I highly recommend purchasing if you are in to shoes.", "i love the color and they fit perfect.", "I love these. Perfect fit. And unlike my other Nike shorts, these have pockets, which is a nice addition.", "these shorts are very short for workout shorts! I wouldnt order them again and fit tight. I wear atheletic shorts often and these are just different", "looks great on my feet", "i know my cousins will love them when i give it to them . nikes are the best shoes so comfortable and roomy", "I lot the item I purchased, it fits me perfect. I will be definitely purchasing another color in the same style.", "me likey", "great shoe and great shipping", "These were a gift for my son.  He wasn't able to find these in the stores to replace the ones he owns.  He likes the fit and says they are extremely comfortable.  They shipped extremely fast and he was very happy with the purchase.", "One of the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned, considering buying another pair to have on reserve.", "Received the shoes promptly. They fit perfectly!", "I really love an old-skool sneaker and had high hopes for this pair of Nikes but ultimately it was so narrow that even my heel was popping out of the back of the shoe. It just didn't fit at all.It could've been a brand thing but I have other size 12 Nikes that fit great, these did not.If you have narrow feet these are your jam. If you tend to be normal-to-wide then try another shoe.", "Good road shoe, comfortable, light weight.", "I have worn Nike for years. They fit me perfectly compared to other brands. The '83 Pegasus is my new favorite as they are what a (classic and casual) running shoe should be. I hope Nike never stops producing this design.", "Not badBut, it's very large for me.So, I give this item to my son.", "Great quality, looks nice, light, comfortable, also I'm a grown man who can't tie a shoe so that's also a plus...just kidding but it does make it faster putting shoes I if you don't have to tie it every damn time.Arrived on expected delivery date too so overall this was a great buy!", "Bought these for my fiance he loves them very light weight and breezy so feet aren't hot as much. Totally would buy again just wished they had 6.5 available in gray and blue :( AWESOME BUY IN MY BOOKS.", "MAKE A SIZE 14", "Exactly same as any Nike running shoe without the laces.  Really enjoying the comfort and ease of putting them on.  Great daily or workout shoe", "This is not what I expected. The slipper was clearly of an inferior material and I am not pleased.", "Got it on time. it was a tight at 1st but as i used it frequently it opened up and fits perfect . happy with my purchase.", "I purchased the size as recommended in the listing.  The arch over  the sole was simply too loose for me to comfortably walk  in  them.  The shoe took an odd angle from my foot.", "A little long but does alright with sock. You might consider half size smaller than your normal if your picky", "The shoe is comfortable and looks nice by it's nt the pair I meant to order so I ended up just giving them away", "Very light weight. easy to get on and comfortable", "The perfect shoe to get around town in and relax. Feels like a foot massage all day! Quick service and delivery - absolutely no hassles.", "There's a lot of confusion with Nike's Solarsoft line of shoes. People seem to mistake the \"Run\" shoe for the \"Moccasin\" and vise versa. Rest assured that these are two completely different shoes under the same good quality brand. I had some Nike Classics that I started using for work and I love them because my feet never hurt when I wear them unlike my actual \"shoes for crews\" working shoes. I know wearing Nike shoes for work is somewhat not a good idea because you want to try to preserve the look of those good quality shoes. The quality of the shoe is what made me come back to Nike for my next pair of working shoes. I recently started working at a veterinary clinic and mostly everyone wears running shoes so they can be comfortable when they work. They need a shoe that will provide them with comfort and flexibility. Wearing running shoes at all times is something most people don't recommend for different reasons but mostly because you wear them out so quick. I still look back at my Nike Classics that I've put through hell at work and they're still holding up well. That made me overlook the whole wear and tear stigma about running shoes. I went ahead and started looking for my next pair of Nike shoes. I went to a few shoe stores to check out what they had and I immediately loved the look of the Nike Solarsoft Run over the Moccasins. I also read that the Moccasins are a little narrow and I have wide feet so those weren't an option. So besides the stylish look that the Run shoe has the way they feel and wear is wonderful. They fit perfect on my feet (12 US) and have a built in insole. The insole is not made out of that fabric type material it has more of like this plastic/rubber feel to it. I think I prefer that style better than the old fashion type of shoe. I don't have to worry about the insole coming off or stinking up because it's well made. If you don't like the feel of the insole you can always add one or use Dr. Scholl insoles. The bottom grip pattern on the Run shoes look really cool and serve a purpose. The uniform squares form a perfect pattern for grip even in wet conditions. When the shoe gets wet the squares give you more grip therefore making the shoe slip resistant. Now I use these for work and I'm always around spills and accidents so I can say that I've tested these shoes thoroughly in wet conditions. As far as comfort these shoes feel great and really give your feet resistance. I haven't used them for running but I have sprinted with them from time to time and I do feel like the heal support is lacking a little. I'm so surprised that this line of shoe isn't very popular I guess it slipped through the cracks since Nike has so many shoes coming out. Their loss is your gain because you can find them at an affordable price at certain retail stores or online. I love wearing these with my scrubs especially since I got them in the royal blue color. They look beautiful and wear just as good as any other high quality Nike shoe.", "True to size, love the shoe!", "Dope shoes goes with almost anything!", "Zero complaints.  Fit, style, and comfort are in line with quality product.  Would recommend them to any and all athletes.", "Super!!!!", "Great looking shoe for the price. It fits very well and is extremely comfortable shoe for running or walking. Great buy!", "I purchased the Hyperdunks for use in pick up basketball.  The shoe fits snug initially but after a couple of uses they fit very comfortably.  They are also very light and work well when it comes to make quick moves.  Also, they provide great ankle support.", "Theses shoes fit perfect and look great with Destiney  tutu", "The shoes were too small for my son is there anyway I can exchange them?  he's trying to walk now so he needs a Hard soul!", "Wonderful product and a perfect fit. I would definitely recommend these to anyone!", "I really like them but the cushion is a bit to thin for me and the back doesn't give you the hard slam you would get from the free runs. This you is very lightweight with the flyknit going down the side I would've gotten the flyknit version if they weren't so ugly and then in my opinion and the traditionals were really light to.but the reason I gave them a four was because the cushion was to thin", "Very nice shoes.Comfortable as expected.", "My son loves them :)", "Great quality", "they feel cheap. had to cut off stupid tongue or whatever it is a piece of felt paper. However the are comfortable for running errands but not much of a supporting athletic shoe.", "I am a beginner runner and I run usually 3 to 3.5 miles 5-6 times a week. I prefer to run on grass mainly and will run on the treadmill a couple of times a week. I have a normal arch and a slight pronation of my left foot. I have had these shoes for over a month now and have logged some miles on them.  The first thing I noticed apart from them looking pretty cool was that there is a support band made out of some sort of plastic glue that holds the upper in place toward the front of the shoe where the laces start. I felt the tightness noticeably when I first put them on and it initially gave me some concern because I do have a wide foot. However that turned out to be a non issue. I still feel it and others who have the shoe express similar sentiments. It does not affect my running in any way and after I've been in the shoes for a bit I don't notice it at allI switched to these shoes after using a much more expensive shoe the Asics gel kinsea. I quit using them after I developed plantar fasciitis. I was seriously disappointed in those shoes. The nike free has been free of pain for me!  I feel comfortable with the shoes and they give me a good feel for the surface and adequate support for my runs. They have a lot of flexibility in them and some may not like that as it may be less stable on uneven surfaces or bumpy roads. For me that is not an issue. In short these are very comfortable shoes, lightweight and good looking. Highly recommended.", "Perfect fit!", "I don't use this particular shoe for running but just as my every day walker. I wanted something more flexible and light than the Flex which I have been wearing for a few years and the Free fits the bill. Very light and comfortable to wear. Maybe a little more snug than other Nike's in size 12 I have been wearing but not enough to make me change the size.The sole will likely not last too long on asphalt as it is not too substantial but it does not bother too much.The white cap at the heel is a mesh which allows for some nice breath-ability.Overall a great show that I would definitely recommend to others.I deducted one star due to fit and for likely not being as long lasting as I'd expect.", "These are just as outrageously orange as you might expect. People shield their eyes when I wear them in the grocery store!Young people tell me they're cool, and old people say, &#34;wow those are brightly colored!&#34;There's not a lot of arch support in this particular model because they're designed to help runners move from running shoes to barefoot running... this shoe being the last stage of the transition. I do like the ventilation in the toe area.Buy a half size larger than you would normally buy if you order these. In fact, I'd say it's prudent to go try them on at a local store before you buy online to get the size right. They run a half size to a full size smaller than other shoes I own.", "Great color great design. Nike doesn't go wrong on their running shoes. Fits perfect.  Width is great for size 9.", "These are very lightweight and nice looking shoes.  They breathe well and are comfortable.", "He loves them.", "These pair of shoes fits great! Feel great during and after my workouts, 2 weeks in, run 2 miles 4x's a week and I don't get what many people say about them not being right for them, I picked a 1/2 size larger than my regular shoe size and they've become my favorite running shoe thus far...", "Theses were for my son. We had seen them in a store-he tried them on and bought from you because of the price difference. He is happy with them.", "have been looking for navy sneakers for my hubby and loved the color, he loved them and fit great!", "Be careful purchasing this style or any style from Nike. These expensive running shoes that are manufactured out of country are made of cheap materials that allow them to rip and tear easily. The majority of this shoe is made out of some kind of netting which ripped on the inside wall of my shoe, exposing the lacing that holds the lace holes together. This quickly became a larger problem when the lacing starting coming loose.I would not suggest this shoe to anyone unless you plan on using them only when you run on a treadmill. These shoes are not even suitable to be taken outside.", "great shoe", "The order came very quickly and was on time, however I ordered a size 10 shoe and it seems to be a bit large on me.", "Hubby loved them!  He wants to get more in differrent colors. I wish i could find the same ones for my 5 yr old boy!", "I bought  for my husband and he likes them very much. Good color and the shoes are very light. Thank lots for your wonderful product.", "wouldn't use on the trail but on flat paved surfaces - very comfortable, light and durable", "Good product, nice price.", "Great shoes", "The shoes are wonderful. The fit is perfect. It's too bad amazon requires a certain amount of words before my comments are acceptable. Now that I've fulfilled the requirement, I'll say again; the shoes were wonderful. The fit perfect.", "I use these for Nike XTC training. Good shoe. They hold up well in the rugged training class I take twice a week.", "It was tight fitting material, feels like little small..", "I'm not an avid runner, but these shoes are perfect for the gym.  Very light and comfortable.  Although, many wear their shoes for style I chose this shoe for function.", "Between a minimalist shoe and a regular trail shoe. Runs about half size too small. Toe guard seem like it will wear quickly.", "I was disappointed in this shoe.  It fits a little smaller than size listed.  I am a nurse and wear Nike athletic shoes to work.  This shoe was not comfortable after a couple hours.  It seemed cheaply made and just did not live up to the comfortable Nike shoes I have bought in the past.", "Fits to size.  My daughter was thrilled with this purchase!", "This shoe is very light and flexible and still gives full support.  Very comfortable", "Since nikes run small go up a size. I usually wear a 7.5 but for nikes im definitely a size 8. Super comfy love wearing thm. I weight train and run in thm!", "I've always been a New Balance girl, but now I've converted.  This shoe is lightweight, and had an amazing amount of stability.  I used all different cardio machines, running, and cross-training.  From day one, it's been the best perfoming and comfortable shoe I've ever tried.  I work out almost daily, and I can't wait to put them on.  I'll never go back!", "Me quedaron un dedito grande", "These Nike Women Shoes are an excellent shoe. Very Comfortable. And I would recommend them to any walker/runner out there.", "I like the color and they are very comfortables ,I recommend it for people who like to run or walk", "I work at a nursing home and i'm on the feet all day. With my last pair of shoes, my feel hurt so bad the next morning to walk. With these, my feet don't hurt at all! I love them! Would re-purchase(:", "i make a mistake with the size... i need other size,  but the shoes is good...", "It's soft and at the same time it holds my feet well... :) My favorite tennis shoes are Nikes, so not only the color is amazing but also the performance of it matches my workouts....", "Great fit, not really satisfied with the  sole. Otherwise they are great !", "Nice colors n very comfortable! Get compliments every time I wear them. :)", "I like the color.  There is a lot of support for the arch and there is an added small area with a shoe string along the inside.  This allows you to make the shoe narrower should you need to.  I normally wear an 8.5 N shoe and I have the 9's.  Nice fit, room to move in the toe, feels light.", "These fit very well and true to size. The color is very vibrant and the yellow is a neon color that pops out nicely. They are very comfortable and I feel well supported and they are very light, not bulky. I've been running in them for weeks and so far have had no problems!", "These shoes were exactly as described and fit perfect!! I love the style and material. They are so comfortable and great for running. They look exactly like the picture.  Very happy with this purchase.", "Love these shoes,  just having them on made me want to run :)", "My wife is very happy with her new shoes. She likes the colors, fit, and wears them every day. She will remember where she bought these when she is ready for a new pair.", "Just what my daughter wanted.  She's been hitting the beach regularly for our 5k morning jogs.", "Very comfortable shoes, great fit! The shoelaces are much more fluorescent than in the photo (they look baby pink but are actually really bright!), but not an issue.", "I cannot wear these shoes.  I purchased in my normal size and they seem to fit fine.  I had good expectations, but both times I've worn them for exercise they've been too painful to believe.  The first time I got an enormous blister in the top of my foot, which required waiting 10 days to heal, before I tried them again.  I tried them again and the second time I tightened the laces to prevent the blister on top, and ended up with super painful blister on the back of my foot - so painful I had to take the shoe off two miles into my walk, and walk the last two miles in just my sock!  Now I guess they'll only be useful to wear for painting or yardwork that doesn't require any great amount of walking - just standing.  Really unhappy : (FYI: Not really a criticism but a word of warning - the colors are MUCH brighter than they appear on the website - almost florescent.", "Very narrow", "Nice shoes but can cut into the back of your heels pretty badly", "More expensive than others but it's an excellent product. My Child is Happy with it.", "Seriously, I bought another pair of nike shoes the same size and they are great, but this one is a waste of money. Maybe a 9 or 9.5 would fit.", "this nike fit just right. i recommended as long as you have thin  feet.", "I really like it !!", "It hurts my left foot", "After trying different cleats with different brands and unhappy with the fit (especially around my toes), I am now very happy with these cleats. I wear a size 10 and to me they are a true fit; a little snug at first but of course they loosen. I've worn them a couple times during practice, two games as well, and I'm never &#34;aware&#34; of anything like heat or rubbing or tightness or stud configuration. Nothing. No blisters. They are fantastic! And also my family has an easier time spotting me from the stands with the bright orange color, lol.", "should buy 8 next time, cuz you need to wear socks...", "Thanks very much it did fit just as expected , looking forward to buying another one, I just have one comment, it mashes up too fast , it should be more duarable, this is the 2nd one I bought in 6 months", "Great color and comfortable. These fit a bit small but im sure with time they will stretch to suit. Highly recommend", "I needed some boots/sneakers to practice in on a regular basis. These met all my expectations. These shoes are comfortable, easy to put on and the traction on grass or artificial grass/turf is superb. I would recommend this to anyone in a game or training. I use these for field workouts as well and I have no issue. I do my sprints and hiit cardio workouts and my feet feel fine.Also these shoes, have a good feel on the ball and keep a natural feel when playing soccer in games. If you need a great pair of boots that also look cool then I suggest give these a try. They have been superbly durable as well. I just wipe them down with a wet rag when they get dirty from the grass field. Enjoy!", "Excellent", "I wear a 12 in Adidas cleats as well as turf shoes. I bought these and 12 couldn't get close to getting them on. Be aware that they run pretty small.", "Great looking turf shoe. the narrower fit is perfect for my feet. I actually wear them as my every day shoe!", "My husband loved them,  so comfortable and yet stylish.", "so good...", "My son is so happy!", "I love the way these look and feel, but they are a little too tight, especially the width. After reading some of the other reviews, I decided to go with one size larger than what I wear. Ordering a size up has definitely helped. I also recommend wearing long and thick socks because the top heel area scraped behind my ankles which was quite annoying and painful", "The Hypervenom is really small. I use 8.5 but I think i would need a 9.5 to fit in my foot. The construction is amazing and has a low weight. The product is really good but buy one size above.", "Tight fit", "Classic looks and feels awesome and is a reminder of other times. use for ballin or just looking sharp - cant go wrong", "Shoes were a perfect fit. Feel great and look really good. I'm really happy with these shoes. I will buy another pair soon.", "great workout shirt and fits nicely.  perfect for golf lovers who want to workout and advertise golf at the gym", "Very comfortable, and I'm very happy with the fit, condition is as promised; new.  The lace hold down strap makes this a stylish, choice for me.  I wanted a sneaker to wear with my expensive jeans and look.  Only these fit the bill.  They are sneakers but look like shoes, and the comfort is superb. The white very bright bottom part of the side was at first too bright, but wearing them I hardly notice.  The orange fly wire on the sides are elastic like a scrunchy, and there's an inner ankle support layer that is most comfortable.  I highly recommend this trainer for style and comfort.", "One of the loops where the laces go in came undone though, not sure if it was manufacturer defect, or rough wear though. But it is a beautiful shoe.", "DOPE SHOES!", "I've always been a nike fan and been partial to basketball shoes with their arch support esentially built in. I'm a huge fan of Jr and seeing these released I wanted a pair. They match my Mariners gear figuring that would be the wear they see. I have to say without any hesitation these are the most comfortable shoes I've purchased since the air penny II retros about 3years back. They're heavier than I'm used to but I'll be buying a couple more pairs of these in different colorways.", "OK shirt - one of the new type with very thin material.I returned mine because the green looked different thanin the picture.  Refund processed promptly.", "The colors are much more vibrant in person, they're incredibly comfortable. I put them on as soon as they arrived, I'm still wearing them. My husband loves them, let me tell you ladies if MY husband notices something I'm wearing then it was worth buying. I'd love to get more colors of these!", "Fitting is exact!", "Great fit, just as advertised. Have been breaking them in before playing. Feel great, wear long thick or padded socks for best results.", "I am a very satisfied customer from the order and purchase of the Nike Hyperflight Max shoe.It was purchased as a fathers day gift. My Dad was so overwhelmed with joy when receiving the gift.It was exactly what he desired and the fit was perfect. Over-all we are very pleased withshopping on Amazon.", "Best shoes ever, very comfortable to play in or walk around in", "I would have given this 5 stars ,but I thought the padding on the tongue should have been thicker than what it is.It is super thin.Other than that,They are a great looking shoe. The fit is what I expected and they seem to run true to size. These are getting increasingly harder  to find in larger sizes.I really like the color in these and if you like blue/black ,you won't be disappointed.", "I love how they look, they fit great, comfortable to walk in! Would Recommend to  Everyone Overall : Excellent Buy", "Daughter loves them!", "Nice. As expected.", "Bought these for my son. . He loves them!", "My daughter picked these shoes out and was so excited to get them.  She can run faster and jump higher, so she says!", "Nice shoes really comfortable. I recommend to get a 1/2 smaller I'm usually a size 5.5. Fit a lilttle big.", "This is my 3rd pair of these Nikes for my 3 year old daughter.  When she outgrows a pair, I get another.  My whole family loves them!  They are good-looking, comfortable, light and flexible.  And no shoelaces, which makes them perfect.", "My 8-year-old got these for indoor soccer. They arrived within 3 days, even without Prime. The size 3 fit perfectly, and he finds them very comfortable and stylish.", "I bought the exact same brand, style, and size as my worn out mercurials (that still fit) and these were too big", "These shoes were perfect for my son. it was so difficult to find cleats in his size (10 US) . All his friends moms were asking me where I got them from . they sure get a lot of attention. Very happy with my purchase.", "My son absolutely loves these shoes and if he loves them then I love them. They are shoes so I don't have much to say about them, they do what they are supposed to do.", "exelen product", "My son picked these out and we compared prices and found the best deal on here.  The shoes arrived as expected and they fit him fine. He loves these soccer cleats!", "Nike Air Slant Mid Mens Cross Training Shoes 678010-021 Black 12 M US Everyone likes my shoes! and so do i", "Once again a great pair of comfortable, supportive shoes. These are great.", "Great look and feel and the fit is as expected.  May options for color and shirts.", "Great looking shorts very comfortable", "I love the way it feel and look and I would recommend others to go out and buy it more than one.", "There is no way these are 12 to 15 in size I am a 13 and they barely fit over my heal.", "These socks are great for when your doing physical activity in your everyday life. They keep your feet dry and warm almost like wool socks in winter.", "Thought I was buying the micro fiber type of dry fit. These actually feel like thick cotton. Too hot to workout in. Disappointed", "Great socks at a great price. Socks are very comfortable. Will definitely buy more in the future. They fit just right too.", "Excellent fit, stretchy and cool. Nice support", "Excellent fit.  Exactly what I ordered.", "perfect, its Nike", "Nike Dri-Fit socks are all that I hoped for. This was third order; like them so much I have replaced most other socks with these.", "The shoes are light and stylish. When I wore them, i received tons of compliments on my shoes. I wore them with blue jeans and a polo tee. I will get the other colors as well.", "Just beware that (for me) these run a half-size, or maybe even a whole-size larger than they are labeled.  ...or are my feet shrinking :o", "It was cool and very fit to me. I like that shoe because when i jumped i feel like i have a supporter in my ankle", "Very nice shoes, size is just about right, very comfi as well, no other shoes in this price will give you this quality", "Looks and feels great! I can wear them all day and night and forget they're even on my feet. Love'em!", "Digging these shoes..... Almost too pretty to play in.", "I bought for my husband during the world cup, and it fits good in him. And you are also able to adjust the size, so, I am also able to use (but it is a little large for women).", "Excellent quality , good fit, fast delivery. Bought it as a gift for my husband and he loved it.", "A very comfortable fit! 2 day shipment Gr8!", "These were an excellent purchase...lightweight, comfortable, great fit for serious footwork  sturdy and durable in all the right areas for the serious tennis player.", "These shoes look amazing and is the reason I bought them. Everything on this shoe fits perfectly except the tongue of the shoe. Instead of using a stretchy material. They used a hard tongue material that makes it very tight on wide feet and seem like it would rip after breaking them in.", "the tennis are very comfortable to wear on my feet and I like the style they are and I like that eighties look they have and will buy more things in the future", "this shoe is the perfect fit for my wide foot. excellent buy. I would recommend trying this shoe..the sizes are correct if you have wide feet.and very comfortable as well.", "We purchased these for my son.  Got a little larger than I normally would because his foot is growing like crazy right now.  He says they are super comfortable. Now wants all the matching NIKE combat stuff that goes with them.", "Great shoes but they run a tiny bit small.  Buy a half size larger than you think.", "Very good show for intense training and everyday wear", "The shoe itself is very nice and the length was accurate but it fit too tightly around the foot. Had to return the item.", "I would have bought them a half size larger, but they are awesome shoes and still comfy. Excellent buy!", "This is a great shoe for the gym. When you first get them, they are so snug its uncomfortable. But then they stretch out and become unreal. My ONLY complaint is that I would like them to be a bit lower to the ground for squats and dead lifts. Like the new balance minimus trainer.", "This is an incredibly light, comfortable, and supportive shoe for cross-training.  Although the sock style fit might not be right for those with wider feet, this shoe was made for medium to narrow feet like mine.", "Cool colors, nice fit. Couldn't find them anywhere else.", "great value....", "They are extremely comfortable and great for cross training from every movement from sprints, lunges,weightlifting. I really, really like the shoes. They run small.  I normally wear a 11 in Nike but this one I needed a 12.", "very good product", "A pair of sneakers that I like and are so incredibly comfortable.  Am going to get them in black as well.", "this is a father's day gift for my husband, i'm not sure if it will fits him since this is my first time to get him pair of shoes without trying it first and it fits perfectly/", "Awesome shoes feel really good and are great to walk, run, jump in I would recommend this shoe to everybody!!!", "It is a little hard to put on. Remind you, the shoe looks great.  It just a job putting them on. After you get them on they fit great.  They fit so great, that sometimes I don't tie them up.", "Comfortable.Not the lightest running shoe, but nice.", "One of the most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever owned. Nike outdid themselves with these!", "Fit well, comfortable, and look great", "Great shoes very comfortable tried on in store before I bought given that the tounge is attached but very comfortable.", "I wasn't expecting too much from this purchase. But it turned out perfect. Perfect fit and feels super comfortable!! I'll buy again", "great", "my husband LOVES these! he tells me everytime he wears them 'these are the most comfortable shoes i've ever owned.'", "My husband has had these shoes for several weeks now, and he still can't stop raving about them. Every day he wears them he reminds me that they are his favorite shoes because they fit so well and are so incredibly comfortable.", "I was left a bit smallThe lengua is cosidadid not meet my expectationsthanksfelipea a a", "Richale RossShoes purchased were exactly what my son wanted. Fit great and look great. I would give Kicks an outstanding grade. Thank you.", "Fit great and did not disappoint me by there looks.  Great looking shoe, better looking than I thought when I purchased the online.", "Great shoe, very comfortable,  GREAT cushioned feel. Very stable for anyone who has issues with rolling their ankles when being active and working out.", "Fits well. Tread isn't as nice as I would have expected, but it will more or less get the job done.", "I threw these shoes on and did a T25 workout without any issues right out of the box. I've been wearing them a week, using them for a mix of T25, elliptical, and lifting, and they've provided ample support. I was a little concerned because the material has a unique feel, and the shoe is much lighter than I had thought it would be, but support going side to side and jumping is excellent. So far so good with these shoes, I may buy another pair for travel...or if they just stay on sale.", "Very light and very comfortable. Wore them to Disney for 8 days and feet felt fine. Great shoe. Second pair of Nike flex I own and I love these shoes.", "Everything worked out as good as could be. They even arrived a couple of days early. Great shoe at a great price.", "Bought this shirt because I love the message. Shrinks somewhat but fit is consistent with other Nike shirts. I would recommend to others.", "I purchased these with the intention of doing plyometric type cardio (specifically Insanity). For me personally they were not quite supportive enough for that purpose, but I really love the style and lightness, so I kept them to wear as non-fitness shoes. The color is called crimson,but it's more of a neon orange than red. I love the look of these shoes and have gotten a lot of compliments. Overall, super cute and great for walking, but not the most functional if you need a somewhat support shoe for cross training.", "Love this series of Nike. I cannot stand a heavy shoe in the gym, and they look really cool! Awesome", "Breathable, good fit and supportive. The fun colors are a good side benefit, too!  I bought these o help with my runners toe and so far so good!", "I'm a big fan of original colors, new styles and get lots of complements on the purple shoes. These shoes always run a little tight in the toes that is my only suggestion for people if you like a little more wiggle room go a 1/2 size bigger.", "I  already have one of this size, and it fits great", "Very comfortable. Fits true to size and like most Nike running shoes. Light weight, medium support.", "I received this sneaker very fast and that was a plus. Pretty comfy but I would recommend insoles for extra support.", "Very comfortable sneaker & fits perfectly! It is also very light. This sneaker is great for Zumba, weight training, T25 & insanity!!", "These are Awesome I love the color and the style and the fit very comfortable and light weight.  I would definitely by again.", "I was upgrading from the 3 that I use for Zumba and Cardio Crunk classes. I didn't really see the difference in the Breath and non-Breath versions but I decided to go with the black/gray version of the shoe. A little too pink for me.", "Shoes fit great.  They were exactly what I was looking for, and I will enjoy running with my cross country team this year.", "I usually hate wearing sneakers. These are so comfortable, lightweight, and fun. I enjoy them so much that I've purchased 3 pairs!!", "As soon as I saw this show, I knew that I had to buy it. It met my expectation. I love it", "Fastest shipping ever!!!  We ordered on A Friday night and they arrived Monday morning!!!  Purchased for 15 year old for High Scho Football.  Excellent cleats for football-look and fit great!", "The look of the show is great.  My son wears a size 15 so it is hard to find shoes he likes that fit.", "I got these for dance cardio. At first they seemed stiff but they were notuncomfortable and I realized I needed the support they were providing.  Ilove my Nike Air but they could not give me anything like what these shoes do for high impact dance.", "I loved the comfort and colors of these shoes but the styling made my foot look wide and flat. i was sorry to return them.", "I got a size bigger than I normally wear and it did fit like expected.  I do wish that you could adjust the tightness, but these don't allow you to.  I do love the green/olive type color and the shoe does feel comfortable.  For some reason, I feel like my feet sweat a lot in these sandals and they don't in other pairs I wear so not sure why that is.", "These are the most comfortable, supportive shoe I have ever worn for powerlifting.", "My husband like it and he said: Price good, excellent quality..... but run too small order half size bigger than your normal size.", "Cute", "Beautiful, perfectly fit, cool, easy to wear, looks sporty. I'm waiting for autumn to wear it every single day!!!Love Nike)", "Ordered 1/2 size larger per other various reviews of the same shoe; too small.  Reordered another 1/2 size larger...much better!  However, daughter wore them one day to indoor practice at school and color was completely gone (white exposed) at the toe end on both shoes. Bummer!  Thank goodness Amazon is awesome in their customer service.  We are going to try again to see if this was a random defect since no one else has written about this in their reviews.  For $106, a scuff is fine and acceptable.  However, to see bright white on a dark purple shoe...not so much.  Again, very comfortable shoe.  Wish us luck on the replacement! :)", "I absolutely loved my shoes. They came when expected and were what I have been searching for years. Thanks so much.", "In love with these shoes. .. I did have to break them in before they became easier to slip my foot in them but other than that they're amazing.. I'm already considering the exact same shoe in a different color!!", "I love my Nike Air Revolution Basketball Shoes! They fit very good and are comfortable. I'm stoked! 5 out of 5 stars!", "Like the fabric. Like the fit.  Works for me.", "i recommend because has a nice style, is comfortable ans suitable for daily run, nike shox has a special way to absorb the shock  and in my opinion this absorb system care about health of legs.", "These socks fit as expected and generally hold their shape but every Nike sock I have owned collects lint or fuzzies of some kind making them look old and worn well before their time. It doesn't matter what I wash them with...same outcome. Won't buy Nike socks anymore.", "Wish they had more colors, bought 2 pair of red and 3 pairs of black.  Most comfortable shoes ever played in.", "It's a little bit small. Not good. But i am wearing this sandal. But it is too tight and too small.", "My nephew love them and fit as expected. The color and designed are perfect.", "Is exactly what was pictured and what I expected. Double lined in the chest area for support, but a built in shelf bra would have been nicer. Still it's good for hitting the gym or for running. It stays in place for the most part.", "Comfortable and true to size", "Color as in picture, order deliveried in time and the shoes really nice in a box and authentic", "This sneaker is great", "Great fit shoe. The delivery was great! Super fast! I would recommend this shoe to anyone who is a major KD fan.", "It is a nice shoes, has bright color. It fits as expected. But the price is a little bit higher,.", "My son loves these cleats!  They fit well, are comfortable and look great!  He's just started conditioning but so far they've held up terrific.  The additional cleats for extra traction are a nice feature.", "Great product, and good service!!", "FYI - Jordan's for kid usually run small (anywhere you buy them from) so I get a size larger....good luck!", "I WAS VERY PLEASE.i would shop with you againthank you so very much  so take care i will pass this on .", "Everything else seems fine. But the size is obviously inconsistent between this leather version and the cloth version. You should for 9.5 if you are used to size 9 of the cloth version.", "The shoes fit great, and they were insanely comfortable.  They felt like socks on my feet.  Super light, flexible, nothing but good things to say about the way they feel.  The only partial drawback is the endurance.  I had these shoes for about 6 months before tearing a hole in the side at the pinky toe.  These shoes are doomed to the same fate as most other running shoes have been for me.  That dreaded hole in the side of every mesh pair of shoes.  It doesn't come so much from running straight, but changing direction.  I tore them while playing basketball.  So if you're only using them for running or even as casual shoes, you can't go wrong here.  If you're looking for something to run in and also play sports (soccer, basketball... pretty much anything but track), look elsewhere.I was contacted by Nike Support when I tweeted about tearing these shoes, but the process of telling Nike I got a bad pair was unsettling to me.  I don't think I've ever had running shoes last 6 months, and I don't think another pair would have lasted any longer than these did.  The way the mesh is designed in today's running shoes simply isn't durable enough to support sharp changes in direction.  Before these, I went through two pairs of Adidas shoes that suffered the exact same fate.", "These shoes were a bday gift for my 13 year old daughter. They arrived on time and looked very good in the box.  They look GREAT on my daughters feet!  She absolutely loves them!  She wears a size 7.5 in women's shoes so the conversion of going a size lower to figure her size in boys was perfect.  Thank you for another great product, Amazon!", "Nike Mens Air Dt Max '96 Vivid Pink/Metallic Silver-BlackNike Mens Air Dt Max '96 Vivid Pink/Metallic Silver-BlackFits well good style and everyone loves dem", "These socks grip my high arches, are thick but not too thick. They don't slide down in my shoes. My only complaint is the price.", "Ireceived the nike Men", "Somewhat smaller than I expected. But I still like how they fit and the lightness on weight.", "I have had Nike Mercurial Vapor boots since they came out. They are by far the best boot on the market. They are so light that while running, I find that you can't even feel any weight on your feet. It is amazing. The mercurials also establish a comfortable fit that molded well to my feet. I found the control with the ball amazing. Bending the ball on free kicks actually seems easier, which I believe comes from the boots fit and grip. To date I have scored 4 free kicks, and the season is only half way through. Hands down the best cleats, don't miss out.", "I was disappointed with the size selection with prime. I normally wear a size 10, ordered a 9.5 and they were too big so I had to return them. The cleats themself are excellent. Very light and the toungueless design is very nice. The stuff configuration is very nice too. I had an issue with the two heel stud design on the vapor 8 and 9. They would break on me. These won't have that issue. For some reason cameras are not able to display the color correctly. These are very pink cleats. Overall nike did a great job redesigning and taking the vapor to the next level.", "Just got these in today. When I opened the box I was disappointed. It looks too pink for me. I tried them on and was like wow. I've never felt a boot so comfortable. It's like they've been broken in for me. Still, I didn't like the color and said I'll return them, too pink! I printed the return receipt, packed it back in the box, and started thinking, what kind of boots can I get that feels like these vapor x. Maybe vapor 9? I wear Adidas f50s and like them, but after every game it's blisters from toe to heal. I said well let me at least give it a try on the pitch, and if I like it I'll get the 9.  I opened the box again, took them to the pitch for about 30 minutes (by now it's getting dark). Crossovers look like a light show, feet looks like I am glowing in the dark. Took some touches, strikes, and again was like wow. Came home, now the shoes are dirty. Guess I'll keep them, and learn to love pink. You can always say it's breast cancer awareness boots! I have to wait till a full game to see if the shoe holds my blisters in check. But for now I love these boots!Update: Played for about 2 hours today with it!  If I could give it 10 stars I would!  You have to try these boots!  Best ever!", "made in chinaUncomfortable", "Shoe feels like cardboard, too stiff.", "I always wore Vans skate shoes but when I saw these I had to get them. Great skate shoe and really cool looking too! I liked these skate shoes so much I went and ordered 4 more pairs of them as this style is now discontinued. The one that replaced it is very similar but I don't care for how they look. Once I got them all of my friends wanted them too.", "Good shoes", "Great price but shipping was a little high for my Destiney love", "Bought for my 8 month old daughter. She is in the 95th percentile for her head circumference so I went with the 12/24 month size. It is a little big for her yet, but it is super cute on her. There will be plenty of room to grow in it!", "Love this hat, and so does my 2-year old daughter. It is adorable and adjustable with the convenient Velcro strap on the back. Highly recommend!!", "Awesome", "I love these shoes, was trying to get other colors, tried the 3.3 but it was too tight; and was giving all kinds of grief trying to return it to MVP Sports. Will never buy from them again.", "Great style very comfortable. I bought the royal and black as well. It's a rough tough shoe that is versatile.", "I ordered these because I have a gray pair that are awesome.  These are great as well, fit exactly the same and are just as comfortable.  The only catch is that the color isn't really what I'd expected.  In the pictures they look like a common dark brown color.  They are actually more like a brownish purple.  Not quite like an eggplant color but close enough that they're clearly not just brown shoes.  I'm hoping that over time as they get worn and dirty they'll fade into a better color.  Aside from the color issue they're great shoes.", "Godd workout top for summer- it doesn't squeeze the middle.", "Glows pretty good and fits as expected.  However, black shirts with the neon green or orange, lime green glow better...in case you're looking for options.  We'll be posting pix on our website at www.LegendaryStreetSoccer.com and YouTube.", "can't wait for the season to begin!, Bear Down Chicago Bears!", "The sneakers are well made and fit true to size. My son is a boot wearer and these sneakers are a great change.", "Have the same pear and they fit perfect. These ones my left foot hurts after wearing it for a few hours", "Feels good", "I Love the socks, they are very comfortable, don't shrink when washed and they don't roll down into your shoes at the heal. Stay in place all day!  (I want more.)", "all nice a cool", "Great product.", "Nice shoes these are the second pair I bought and I'm planning to buy more they fit perfectly well no regrets", "These a playa...", "Exlant choose ,,, every thing was great as expected.", "these shoes too crispy", "I love them fit great", "My kid is soooooo happy,great shoes and great price.i highly recomended.this is the perfec shoes for kids,dont wait.thankyou.buenos bonitos y baratos", "One of my favorite shoes to wear!! Love them so much, I had to get another pair, but in a different color.  And as an added bonus, these gain a lot of attention and compliments.", "I gave this as a gift to my son and he's very happy.", "high quality fakes", "My daughter loved these shoes, she has room to grow which is what I wanted because these will be for this upcoming winter.", "I bought for my grandson's birthday. He loved them, said they were really comfortable and looked great on his feet.", "By looking at  it we thought it was too big , but when it was put on , it fit very good and it is very comfortable", "This is the comfort I was looking for!!! The shoe fits perfectly and provides the comfort that only an Air Max can.", "Nice fit for me and they felt great on my first run!", "Great comfortable shoes!!!", "Looks and fits great", "Custom nike air max 14's with a style you will not find anywhere else.  I get compliments all the time and asked where I found these puppies!", "The product was close what I expected and shipping was prompt.  The shoe was a little heavier than I had thought it would be, but it still has been good to run in and I would recommend it to others.", "i love it !!!!", "Nike Air Max fan from way back in my marathon days. Always the best in comfort and fit as well as durability. Really love the style and weight of the shoe. Rarely go wrong with the Air Max.", "Shoes were stated as &#34;New&#34; they were NOT new....upsetting to say the least. Dirty and slightly used. Should get done type of discount", "beautiful and comfortable shoes", "As always Nike delivers. Love these shoes. Very light & Ultra comfortable. I Picked a Pure White so it tends to get a bit dirty.", "Purchased these for my husband for Father's Day. He loved them! A bit pricey, but it was worth seeing him smile.", "husband absolutely loved them very comfortable", "I ordered the q0.5 and the 11 - because depending on the shoe I wear either size.  For the width, I had to go with the 11 - which fit perfect and I sent the 10.5 back and was promptly refunded.I walk 3 miles every morning and my left heal stays sore most of the time.  I have never owned any Air Max, but so far it has helped my heal tremendously.  This will not be my last pair.", "Fit fine but didn't get what I was supposed to", "This is a great looking shoe but the arch was too high for my foot and made it hurt after one hour of wear. I have Nike Tailwinds and they fit great.", "They were awesome.", "I love these shoes! Thankful to reviewers who suggested ordering half size larger than regular shoe size... I did, and the fit is perfect.  Super comfortable, and great looking kicks!  I ordered the white with atomic mango and volt, and couldn't be happier.  I had no idea how many people actually notice shoes. Tons of compliments everywhere I go!  People stop me to ask where I found these shoes.  They're a little expensive, but worth it!P.S. I forgot to mention... the tip of the toe box is just a little more pointed than it appears in the photo. This accounts for the half size increase. Important info for those with wider, rather than narrow feet.", "Most comfortable Nike's I ever bought, They are good looking in a very funky way.Have received many compliments on them.", "Fit as expected and a great price!  I would buy this product again online, I highly recommend it. Good job.", "Very nice shoes! Thought they were white, but they have laces and gray as a whole slightly grayish color, but otherwise perfect!", "I love these shoes, they are super comfortable!", "Love these shoes. They fit true  to size and have a lot more cushion than the New Balance I had been wearing,", "I love my Nike Air Max, just a lil bit too big. I want more. Will definitely order smaller size.", "l loved all the Nike's i've owned for the last 20 years!!", "These are great shoes to be able to run and do your workouts easy to maintain clean and like the material", "Awesome shoes. Very comfortable. Stylish-got lots of compliments on them!  Fit true to size. I have a wide foot and they felt great,", "Not comfortable at all you would think for 150 shoes would be comfortable but no my heal is sore when I take them off", "Me husband and I love these sneakers expensive but for us they are totally worth it!  We can't run in any other sneaker!", "Really comfy shoes, fits perfectly. Really love the style. Matches everything! Definitely have gotten a lot of compliments.", "These are my favorite running shoes. I'm overweight and these are the only shoes that offer enough stability while also having great cushioning that lasts for months without breaking down. The treads wear out before the cushioning does, so they have great life in them. Also I get compliments on how cool they look.", "This shoe does a fantastic job balancing comfort with support. A great buy for anyone who looks to look good while bustin' a sweat!", "Very comfortable shoe. Love the product!", "Loved Nike Air Max shoes until purchase of the last two pairs...They have made toe area tighter...more shallow from top to bottom.  Can feel top of shoe with big toe...Returned....Great style and feesl like walking on air....but toe box smaller than past styles.Hope they re-think dimensions.....", "I think my size is 5, so it is possible to change it? Do you have a size 5?", "Shoes were too big - you need to go half a size smaller in these. Bummed that I have to pay sjipping to return them and the don't do exchanges. They don't even have my size so it's not even like I can re-order them... :(", "Best Nike shoe I've ever had!!!", "After searching for a running shoe that was a perfect match for me I definitely found it. I'm in love with these running shoes. I've only had them 3 days and I can stop looking at them and wearing them. At first I thought they were too small but now I know that's how they are supposed to fit..snug and tight since the material is some sort of stretch knit. It pretty much molds to your foot like a durable sock. They are super comfortable and look really good. I'm thinking of getting another pair in another color. These shoes make me want to work out more.", "I love these shoes! Knowing that Nike shoes run small, I ordered a size 9 even though I normally wear size 8. They're SO comfortable and perfect for running and working out. I'm so pleased with my purchase!", "I really like the shoes its really comfortable. I also love the color, I highly recommend it!  Love love it!", "These shoes were everything I expected, plus much more. Comfortable and stylish. Highly recommend if in the market for a running shoe.", "I have flat feet. These are by far one of the best shoes for running, walking, and weight lifting I have found.", "Excellent running shoes that look great. Running around my neighbor, I always see people in cars staring at them. Extremely comfortable too. Keeps your foot placement in check", "I expected a simple minimalist shoe for a backup to my backpacking boots. They turned into my go to daily wear. I bought them from sole unlimited, and they had supreme customer service.", "It's good but I've expected be better than I received. But I will buy nike in the future. Risk every thing", "I assure you these are the best Nikes made since the Nike free 3.0 v2, but much improved upon. The upper is awesome it's like a compression sock tight where it needs to be. The toebox is nice and wide for toe spread and not tight so they breath well. The outsole is very flexible and cusioned. The grooves in the sole are not very big so rocks don't get stuck in them to the same degree as the 3.0 v2s. Overall these are hands down the best Nike made in about 3 years.", "These shoes are perfect for the casual runner, that is, one who averages 3 or so miles at a nice jog and isn't overly concerned with pacing and distance.  The gym is a good place, as is cross fit.After my brief love affair with the original Free Flyknit in Rainbow Vomit color scheme, I decided to give the newer, lighter iteration a go.  I used the Free Flyknit 5.0 for a good 6 months, averaging about 4 miles with maximums of 6, at a good pace too (~ 6:45/mile); then I realized that anything further and the shoes began to hold me back, like I was running through mud.I gave these a shot, though, as I wanted a new distance shoe and figured maybe it was just the weirdness of the inaugural shoe.  It wasn't, for me at least.  The same issue persists, even with a revamped sole and upper.  And I think the former is the problem.  i've never felt truly &#34;fast&#34; in any of the frees; maybe the very first ones back in 2003, but I was in the Army then and running a lot against my will.The sole is not a single mass; it's several pods or hexagons that are fused to the insole and allow the shoe to flex with nearly every subtle movement of the foot.  Nike WANTS this to translate to a more natural feel, and yet I think it over exaggerates it.  Whereas some shoes of the same minimalist vain succeed in this area by keeping the sole one whole piece, Nike went a bit too far.  II think what's happening is the sole is allowing impact energy to spread across each individual pod, and when there's more surface area I feel like the shoe begins to work against the runner.  Basically, the pods are too independent and cushy to allow for an optimal strike and return - anything more than 3 miles and I start to feel like I'm running through mud.  This could be such a good shoe if the sole were more, substantial: maybe a bit thinner but stiffer.  The upper is fantastic though.  So, I don't recommend this shoe for anyone who wants to work on speed or distance.  It's good for wearing to the mall though!", "I bought shoes for my child she loved them.  They came when they said they would so its all good in Chicago.", "I will NOT order these expensive shoes for a 6 yr old EVER again", "I bought these when my son was a year old in the hopes that they would fit by the time the next summer came around (he's an August baby) but since he is on the smaller side I have not put these on him. They seemed to be very good quality but I can't comment fully on this since we haven't washed and worn them as of yet.", "Model, size and comfort was great the only thing that leaves me unsatisfied and thats the reason i did not give 5 stars is the orange colors as look in the picture is not the same its a little more red.", "black with gum sole is good classic skate shoe look (axion kck, if you don't know about the kck you are probably are too young, best skate shoe ever made).  this shoe is definitely the new kck for me.", "I tested its before buy. The producto is ok, The problem was the weight, it was more i supposed and it was more expensive for me because y bought and send to Uruguay.", "I bought these to see how they would match up with the Air Pegasus.  Pegasus had such terrible color options this time around.  They fit true to size.  Weight is the comparable to the Pegasus.  Now for the True Test, how they stand up to the summer mileage program.", "Had purchased an original pair back in the late 80's and loved them, and they lasted a pretty long time!! For years I've searched and typed many searches for these bad boys, the originals, Charles Barkley's jumpers!! Fit like a glove and have given me the legs of a 20 year old...not quite, but do look good and always receive a compliment!!", "first time it came out those days when Sir Charles &#34;round mound of rebound&#34; used to dominate and disfigure rookies jaws in the NBA back those days. These are the wheels he had on, but not the color but similar FORCE 180 series. There are many other color variations that suites you. It feels good on the feet, you feel that your feet is stable on the ground. When you jump the cushion is perfect.", "My Nike Air Force 180 Basketball Shoes are awesome! They fit great! I'm very happy! 5 out of 5 stars!", "Super Comfy! Run small though so order a half size up. Build quality seems to be of good quality. Cheers!", "Been playing soccer for 20 years and these are the best pair I've ever got. Materials fit perfectly to your foot form, and these are very light. Ball control is good. Great pair in general!", "excwlent", "Being a soccer freak this cleats work great for me. The dribble feels amazing, great grip for shooting curves, the traction on the bottom gives a lot of control and they look beautiful. Needleless to say I loved them", "I love the sneakers. Great fit and colors. However, I started loosing some color towards the back of the shoe. Looks like the paint is chipping away.", "Great", "these cleats sucked so bad that they fell of my foot every time i took a shot. the ball control is terrible and they fell apart in my hands. they are metallic on the outside and are very narrow. DONT GET THESE CLEATS", "nice product fit perfect", "wow! just amazing my Nike hypervenom soft and comfortable as always on time by the seller are shoes designed for your low-heeled feet as wing and shot the perfect shot they recommend excellent", "I didn't dislike anything about hypervenom phantom fg low soccer cleats.. true to size, color and is the real product that i expected!  awesome bag comes with as a plus.", "fabulous - exactly what I expected.", "Ordered these for my son. He loves them!", "I really recommend this shoes, the color it's exactly as in the pictures, they fit perfectly and are great for running", "I have a very small arch, so small in fact that it is almost borderline, flat, and hence need shoes with strong arch support.THIS IS IT! The shoe fits somewhat large, so you should look at getting half a size bigger than usual. But other than that it's a very comfortable shoe, so much so that I've actually bought an extra pair for work and another one for the gym.5 Stars for sure.", "It wasn't for myself but was told it fits like a glove. Love the color. Wish I got one for me..#jelly", "Beautiful. Great shoe! Love the color it is one of the most perfect Nike running shoes ever to exist. For style and function.", "Great shoes, fast delivery", "My Son wears a size 14 and he has trouble finding shoes. He purchased 3 pair of Nike and he likes these the best. They fit and feel great. They also look really nice also.", "I love lunar glides, the only thing I didn't expect was them not to come in a box, and also the initials T F on the tongues, like they were customs sent back, I just made up names for TF, but other than that, I like color scheme and they fit as I expect. Timely delivery too, and yes they are new as far as I can tell.", "I DONT THINK THESE A REAL NIKES THEY ARE KNOCK OFFSI WANT MY MONEY BACK", "Lovvvvveeee them! They are authentic and the quality is just as I remember it years ago.", "very goood shose if you wear it u will like it", "Good Item", "Greetings ... I wonder if the colors are exactly as in the photo or just blank,Thanks and I hope your prompt response", "now with the world cup craziness, he does not want to take them offgreat job amazon", "I love it", "I always wanted these shoes growing up, but my parents didn't have the funds to buy them for me. I am excited they were re-released, and I am one happy camper.", "Love this shoe and the color", "the smaller sizes of the shoe are extremely narrow. could not even get the foot into the cloth boot and the shoe was actually a 1/2 size larger than the foot size.  but seemed a bit heavy too.", "Great shoe. Great price.", "Very good quality T-Shirt, Fits as expected", "Fit perfect thank you", "choose good", "Somewhat narrow but i'll wear it anywhere,perfect for narrow feet individuals.", "Was looking this color for long time, but no bidy has my size I finally found it, without spending time at stores.", "Good quality and comfortable", "It's a great wallet because it is very sturdy and holds all of my cards.  The material feels great and I see it lasting for many years.", "I bought this wallet for half price on a lightning deal and is worth every penny (but not so sure at full price).  I love the two-tone grey/black look.  The specs state 99% nylon and 1% leather so basically the entire wallet is nylon.  But the black portions of the wallet are made of a leather-like material.  I also love the outside Nike swoosh logo and there's also &#34;NIKEGOLF&#34; with the swoosh etched in the leather-like material inside.It's a very sturdy wallet and should hold its shape longer that all the leather wallets I've owned over the years.  It's a must buy, especially for Nike fans.", "Only two slots for credit cards.....also a window slot for drivers license for 25$ crazy sending back as soon as possible!", "Used to use a money clip only for credit cards & cash.  Didn't like a thick wallet in my back pocket.  This really worked well for me!  I have room for 4-5 credit cards on one side and 2-3 on the other.  I use the money clip to keep it all together when I'm not using it.  You probably need to travel lite but that suits me.", "These shoes are the shit", "Beautiful shoe...reminds me of the Tiffany shoe Nike put out before.  Colour as displayed. Very comfortable and versatile.  Material (mesh) seems thin, but it is a well constructed shoe, so it moves well with the foot.  Highly recommended!", "THey feel great and almost like you are not wearing anything! Very happy with them and recommend them, especially if you are a runner you feel like you are not dragging.", "me myself I enjoy a good pair of Nike SB, but just need to say  its quality is more of a canvas material with The Rainbow Connection stitching. Everyone has there own style I will have to say it would even be hard to match with any outfit. so unless you're into getting into citrus color i wouldnt recomened nice on price wise but that it.", "Absolutely perfect fit, color, quality and style. I love these. These were exactly what I wanted and came in 2 days. Delivery was super fast!!", "Great shoes!  Good quality and normal fit!", "Love them", "I like the shoes. Ive been knowing for awhile that I have to get 13's in Nike even though I'm a 12 with all other brands. The good thing is when they have sales, the 13's usually go on sale but 12's are always full price.", "The shoe was everything I expected from a Nike shoe. The fit was perfect and the color was true to its picture!", "how do i rate this? 2-1/2 star. the item is good but, the but it will take time do I receive. I compare the other shoes i order same time same date, the other one is within a week i receive. that's why 2-1/2", "wow great color mix", "These are my all time fav Nikes and now I can't find them. Hugely disappointed how Nike does this- find a shoe which is perfect and then they are no longer available, annoying! Super comfortable since I have wider than medium foot so this style works beautifully. I did have to go w/ half size larger  (ordered 2 pair!!).", "This was awesome!! It's just what I expected. Delivery was on time and the product itself was awesome! Thank you!", "I love this cleats and my son is extremely happy with them, hope in a couple of months they still look ok.Another great product from nike.", "Was not as cute in person.", "I like the shoes because it's really easy to match with my clothes and I like the design and the colors.", "Shoe fits good but needs better, longer shoelaces. Def. buy your own laces.", "I normally wear size 12 US sneakers, and these Huarache Keystones fit almost perfectly in US 12. It is a bit roomier around the toes and the heel, but if I went to a 11.5 US size, it would be too tight. The soles feel a little stiffer than I expected, and the lugs are not replaceable. I bought these mainly for recreational slowpitch softball and kickball.Overall: 4/5 stars, could be a tad more flexible and breathable but is otherwise an excellent pair of cleats especially at this price point.", "good support", "ware them each day", "14 year old Grandson was very pleased with the shoes and they fit well with a little room for his growth.  He uses them only for his highschool basketball.", "My daughter loves them. Personally, I don't like them, but I am not the one wearing them. This might be La Mode for teen girls at her school or something like that because I certainly would have picked something more girly. Oh, Well ! If she is happy then I am happy.", "Horrible shoe.It's too narrow on the toes.Waste of moneyimpossible to useStay away from this shoe, unless your feet is narrow", "Very light and comfort.  I love it.", "shoe was great until it tore in to a bunch of pieces when i was just walking today with my dog", "17 year old son says they're awesome.  He's using them for training running & power-lifting. Wears a 10.5 and that's what we ordered and fit perfect.  We'll see how long the tread can take his hard working out.", "These socks are well cushioned yet they do not retain moisture.  Thus, they are perfect for running or similar activities.", "I received 4 left foot socks and 2 right foot socks. I contacted Amazon and haven't heard back. I don't recommend buying these. Mine were still in the package, so I'm afraid maybe Amazon got some kind of defective order of them. Very disappointing for such expensive socks.", "The socks are really nice -- good cushioning, good fit.  However, the 3 pair come tied together very tightly with a piece of plastic that is very difficult to separate and requires a scissor.  When I finally got the 3 pair untethered, one of the socks had two large holes in it.  There has got to be a much better way to package these socks.  Very disappointing and unnecessary.", "Love these socks. I wish they were a little thinner only because I wear them to workout in. But overall they are great.", "are sandals that seven beautiful photo but the part where the foot comes are way too thick and very large", "The sandals seemed bigger than an 8.  I also had trouble with the Velcro coming apart so I decided to send them back.", "They look oversized and ghetto. I don't care. I look cool.They are pretty comfortable, but if your feet get sweaty, it will get slippery and start stinking.", "I like it a lot.", "I bought 1/2 size larger and this shoe is perfect and very comfortable walking on my treadmill.", "I got half number bigger than I usually wear and still feel to tight. It supposed to be like this but my toes hurt.", "For anyone that collects SB's, these are a must pick up. very clean and stunning. wouldn't wear blue jeans with them due to the blue dye.", "The weight and quality of these socks are good, but they squeezed my feet until my ankles swelled. The additional tab in the back  does help in putting them on.", "Great shoes. Great fit and great price!", "good shoe very comfortable", "I have multiple foot problems; heel spurs, arthritis, etc and these shoes feel so good on my feet and are so strong and offergreat support. Great fit, color and stylish!", "The shoes were a  bit expensive but worth buying.  In the future I hope they drop in price to buy some another set.", "Love this shoes. They fit perfectly and are comfortable throughout my workouts. I like the wide sole around the heel and the slightly elevated heel. Great stability for lunges and squats.", "These are so incredibly fake it's funny. Check the logo on the tongue,fuse, flywire, it is all off. Dont buy this shoe!!", "Too long and narrow, don't like them.now I iwn a pair of $130. Shoes that I won't wear:(", "Fits great & no one but me has Em in school so I have &#34;shoe game&#34; is what people say", "I wear these shoes everyday and so far I'm loving it. It's the most comfortable shoe I've ever worn and will be my main shoe for a long time", "Very comfortable and anatomical. Just perfect I can wear it day and night and in either occasion always someone complements it. I'm happy with my purchase!", "kinda pricey, but my son is happy", "The shoe fit well and the width was good, but there was not enough cushion or arch support for an underpronator.  My foot felt as though it was slipping towards the center of the shoe while I was walking and my big toe rubbed against the inside toe box.  Unfortunately I won't be able to keep them as it's hard to find a wide shoe with decent style.  I think it would be better suited for someone with a more neutral/normal pronation.", "My son loved these shoes.  They were exactly what he wanted. They were very similar to another pair he had and grew out of.", "I bought these because they got good reviews from others and I wanted something light. So far I am happy with the design and fit. I haven't worn them enough yet to know for sure but they seem comfy right out of the box. The seller was great, got them the next day even though it said 5-7 days.", "These are fake. Do not buy these shoes. This is a scam, I can tell if my shoes are real or fake and these are a copy of the real Roshe Runs! Scams and fakes for these are coming out everywhere now... DO. NOT. BUY!!", "I love Nike shoes especially Air Force 1.... The colors in these shoes make them fun to wear with almost any color outfit!  And they fit perfectly.  Super comfy and always a great product from Nike.", "Very good", "I was an air max LTD guy for years,  because of the comfort level and the fact the look great with anything.I bought these because of the many reviews out there, stating how great these are, and the fact that nike only makes ugly and I mean ugly LTDs no a days.  These exceeded my expectations by a long shot,  the comfort level is better than any Ltd or runner I have owned in my life.  I will order another pair!They are pricey but they are seriously worth every penny...Buy them you will Thank me.", "Great looking wallet.  I bought it for my husband as a random I love you gift!  He is in love with anything nike so it was perfect for him.  The only thing we were not fond of was the fact that there was no pocket for cash, just a money clip.  It seems pretty sturdy but still kind nervous to just leave money hanging there.  Overall I would recommend!", "The wallet has a really nice look and texture. It is thin in my pocket and feels great. I am pleased with it. I like the money clip, but a pocket to put cash would be nice.", "High quality.  What do you expect?  It's genuine Nike pro training grade stuff.  Rumo ao hexa em 2018!", "I purchased as a graduation gift for my son and because he is a big fan of Portugal national team. He absolutely loves it. Great qualify and fast delivery as promised as it was for a gift.", "All ok", "Shoes were exactly as described. .great solid shoes! Size seams to run small..check your size and adjust accordinglyBut well worth it", "I wear a size 11 in every other brand as well as Nike. Unfortunately, these were to big. I have ordered the 10.5 - hopefully, they will fit.", "I love love love the Nike Flex Motion Womens Thong Sandals.  I got mine in Turquoise and they are simply stylin'!  It pays to shop around for best price.  I love the Flex Motion so much, I think I will try some of their other sandals.  I love Nike shoes but this is the first sandal I've tried.  I've even used the Nike website to customize your own shoe the way you want it.  Nike is so innovative.  Just Do It!", "great design and cuality", "I love these shoes and was sad to learn that  they will no longer.be available.  I bought Pegasus 30 but fit was small and uncomfortable so they went back.  May have to look for another brand.", "These shoes are a size and a half too small.  My husband always wears a 13 and we ordered these in a 13.  He could hardly even get them on.  Way too small.", "nice!  I'm kind of a sneaker freaker, love Nike and was really happy with my recent purchase of these Lunar Forever 3 shoes.  These guys fit true to size.  They're not as lightweight as some of the Nike Free models, but still not super heavy.  I wear mine to the gym, out to the soccer fields and just kind of around, so I can't comment on how they would hold up as running shoes.  They do seem very sturdy and well made though.My only negative is that they seem very well padded, maybe more than I would like.  Just a personal preference of mine, and worth noting if you're wearing these with socks like I assume most people are.I got the platinum/venom green/blue pair which are really cool looking.  I would definitely consider getting another pair of these!", "Color is a bit misleading.. It's more of...pink", "I bought a pair of these Lunar Forever's last week, and one of the nylon loops that the shoe lace threads through broke the first day I wore the shoes.  Look closely at the photograph of the shoe and you'll see four nylon loops on each side of the shoe that the shoe lace threads through.  Which ever way these loops are secured (sewn?) to the inside of the shoe, they're lame, especially a shoe that's ~$80.  I'm going to avoid this kind of design in the future, but I like the Nike Lunarlon series, so I'm looking at the LunarGlide 5's.", "I love these shoes I only got then because of the blue diamonds but I love them even more. Amazing shoes", "If you are looking for a light set of cleats these are the way to go. I'm not a huge fan of the really low ankle cuts but thats how a long of the cleats are these days. As far as quality though, they are good. However, because these cleats are so light in terms of color (not weight), they get dirty really fast if you play on turf. If that's a huge problem for you, I would recommend getting darker colored cleats. Otherwise these are a good buy. Other caveat though: you might find these cleats cheaper or on sale on sites like sports authority so do your research to find the best price.", "I bought these shoes specifically for lifting weights (squats, deadlifts, etc) and cross training like the elliptical or bike I do on weights days. They're perfect for that purpose. They're very thin and allow you to feel the floor and put all your force into lifting (unlike my running shoes, which are very padded and absorb some of the force). These are great for cross training and lifting but if you're doing a lot of high-impact activity they probably won't have enough padding.", "These sneakers are so cute and very lightweight. I really like the color combo and pattern. Happy with my purchase!", "Great pair of socks. Love them", "perfect great quality", "I purchased these as a gift for my nephew. He loves them. He wears them all the time, ALL THE TIME!!!!", "i need you to send me a small in women size because the medium was to small please. an would love to get it next week friday", "I love vomero. I've been using from 6 to 7. This new style is so comfy much better than 7 and 6. I have high arches and I tend underpronate. I wear them with my custom orthotics and without them. The color looks so great and modern.", "Great shoes with great cushions and offer a light weight glove like feel that really makes the run more enjoyable", "Good shoe, arrived on time and as expected.  Great improvement over previous years Vomero's.  Did not like the other color choices, wish there were more options.", "If you are a man, who walks heel to toe (that is, you're a heel walker), and people have probably complained about it if you lived on the floor above them, GET these shoes.My heels have been in a constant state of pain since my old Vomera's fell apart after two years of hard use and I ended up buying a cheapo brand also made by Nike. Sadly, the problem was still there: my heels were killing me at the end of the day. I couldn't remember the name of the shoes (only the manufacturer) I had bought before, and luckily the tag was still on the inside of the shoe's tongue: Vomera.I got these overnight (thank you Prime) and have been walking pain free ever since. I'm irritated I didn't do this sooner and wasted time and money on the Dart and a different high-end shoemaker. I even got Dr. Scholl's for sore heels. No dice. So if you want to heal your heels, get the Vomera's. These are quite possibly the most comfortable sneakers I have ever worn.I also am a size 10 and got the size 9.5 which fit perfectly, so they do run about a half inch larger. The last thing you want in a shoe is for your foot to be sliding around in them.They also have micro-sheer fabric that allows your feet to breathe. Especially useful on hot days. Not so much in the winter. Either way, they are still my year-round do-everything sneaker. Worth every penny even though they are made in China and probably cost Nike $10 to make. No one will ever accuse a shoemaker of passing on the savings to the consumer.", "I had the vomero 7 and when I needed new ones I thought i would stick with the brand I like.  I now wish I would have found another pair of vomero 7's.  Its sad that a good shoe is not good anymore", "Fits perfect like my previous Vomero 8, the trick is always get it half a size more than normal shoes...", "I wore this shoe for the lst time today and there's no break-in time. It's so comfortable for walking miles and miles and miles. It fits like a glove with cushioning for comfort as well as a lug-type bottom for rocky terrain.  My fave shoe was Nike Kyotee trail shoe which they don't make anymore but this is a great find to replace it!I wear a 7m and this fit true to size.", "The fit well and the pockets are okay; I wish these would come in a shorter inseam.  The price on these just jumped so I'm glad I bought mine when I did.", "Bought for m husband. He loves them. He's a 36/32 and they fit perfect. The material is really nice. This is a must buy in my book.", "This shoes are not originals this is bad because i pay a lot for this product they send me the shoes in a plastic bag...", "Love these shoes! The recommendation was to size up by half a size, so I did and they fit perfect.", "I want them in mor&eacute; colors, they are so soft and confi, they look exactly like the picture. Really nice i am very happy", "A small problem with the seams on the inside top. But in general are good. Pair should come from the same original extra laces color.", "My son picked this item for him self and he loves them!!!", "Love these  - So comfortable - bought this pair and the Infrareds!  Was looking for a replacement of the Raptor 7's I wore years ago", "Nice shoes", "Shame on you for selling these for $155. These retail for 89.99. It might be a good shoe I dont know, but this is price gouging.", "Going right back! First the shoe is bright orange, not pink!  Runs small and when u put the shoe on it is like a sock, too tight around your ankle. I ordered a half size up, and like I said to tight. Don't waste your time with this one.", "yeah", "Further 125th year of &#34;football&#34; the Netherlands have turned class and tradition into an art form. Just as they have done for centuries on the pitch. The blue fades from a light blue on top to a dark blue representing the waters of the North Sea that border its edge, the famous orange that they have come to symbolize the royalty, the years 1889 -- 2014 and embroidered lion are classic. The neckline is tight but not choking, it covers up a necklace which is nice but is so perfectly fitted that you barely even know that you have the shirt on and tell somebody compliments you on how beautiful it is.The shirt fits wonderfully. I have tried on &#34;XL&#34; from Nike and Adidas teams to get a feel for how they run and as an authentic jersey, this is perfect. Not too tight, not too large, doesn't taper down to a size 30 inch waist and the Nike classic &#34;dri fit&#34; makes a fantastic ton wear on a summer day, Or play around on the field. All in all I am extremely pleased and feel like this is the best &#34;kit&#34; out of all 32 teams in the 2014 World Cup.The only caveat that I would tell somebody is don't expect it to be as bright blue that you see on pictures that are obviously done with super bright lighting or even Photoshop to appear light. It is a deep blue on the shoulders but not a dark blue. And the chevron faded lines are noticeable outside in the daylight but less noticeable obviously in the dark. I couldn't be happier and less RVP signed on the back. And if wearing it brings the &#34;oranje&#34; The Cup they have been looking for but denied even better.", "Love it!!!", "Great quality and a great way to celebrate the Netherlands 2014 FIFA national team.", "I BOUGHT THE SHOE IT BEING ALL BLACK ON THE TOP AND IT CAME WITH WHITE BAND ON THE BACK END ATE DOING COVERAGE OF THIS BLACK AND HAS NOTHING THERE WITH COLOR CHOICE MODEL OF SHOES, THE COLOR THAT I BOUGHT CAME WRONG .", "excellent build, offers good stability of foot, nice cushioning", "Shoes seemed high quality but didn't fit my wide feet. Research suggested they were good for wide feet, but not so much mine. Hurt my feet more than any shoe I can recall.", "Purchase this as a gift, they loved the colors, all day comfortable fit and worth the money. This would be a great for your significant other, teenage son, young and old alike.", "very nice, better than expected, super good size, very good supplier", "Im very happy with this shoe. It was authentic, fits true to size, and is made with high quality materials in my opinion.", "Bought these for my son and it was worth the money, he loves them perfect fit with just a lil space for him to grown into. Now I need a pair lol", "Sexy fits perfect looks just like pic comfy", "Narrow fit.", "All my life ive worn a size 7 (AUStralia) and i ordered at 7.5 (US) but i think to fit perfectly with socks id need an 8 (US)  possibly 8.5 (US) for winter socks...Its a snug fit, gotta wear those stockings socklets, socks would be too thick and then theyd be tight.I will be ordering another pair (diff colour) from these guys soon just this time ill go for a US 8 or 8.5.", "I really like these shoes but they definitely run small. I have medium width feet & am true to size 10. These are a little narrow and have very little room at the toe. After stretching they may fit more comfortably.", "Every thing was good,  from the date they said I may receive it ,to how it look and it fit well with length with two exception.The width was a slight squeeze at first but  after wearing it for an hour I got a eased up. The second was in the left shoe only where the tongue was stich with a bump on the inside which rubs on my instep everytime my toes bend in walking so after am hour or more I start to feel the pain in that spot . other than that every thing else was good just hope after a few more days wearing it for days that problem should stop.  If not I just have to pull out the inner soul to get room at the top.", "My husband loves them.  Great shoe.  Fits perfectly and the price is so great compared to buying them in a store.", "I own several pair and have purchased this shoe for more than 10 years.", "I really like my shoes. These look nice and fit well. I would and expect to order again..", "Good product air max is awesome!!!", "Good fit, very comfortable!", "Love them", "Love these- the fit is perfect and they are so comfortable. Nike+ comes through for me again - no surprises there!", "Feel/Fit:The first thing you notice with these is how great they feel when you put them on. It feels almost like you are wearing socks. They hug your feet. Everything except for the bottom is made of a knit/mesh type of material which makes these very light weight. The sizes are a bit weird, normally I wear a size 10.5 to 11 but with these I needed an 11.5. Unlike normal (non-barefoot) shoes you don't want extra room, it should fit like a glove.Look/Style:I love the look. They aren't crazy neon colors like most running shoes (although they do come in those colors, I chose the black and grey).Performance:Here is the big word of caution. These are &#34;barefoot&#34; style running shoes. For those not familiar that means that the these are closer to the ground with alot less heel in order to mimick barefoot running. Barefoot running is supposedly better for you since when your barefoot you naturally land on your midfoot and when you wear shoes you tend to make you land on your heel. Landing on your heel while running is poor running form. There are other shoes out there that are much more minimalist, and some even have individual toes (vibram), but I was not looking to go THAT minimalist. I usually run 3x per week so i'm not a beginning runner. I also do strength training on legs once a week. After 1 run in these shoes my legs were SORE! Running in these seem to work completely different muscles (or same muscles in a different way?). I didnt feel it during the run but i definitely felt in the next day. Over time as legs get used to it the pain went away.Overall, If your looking for a barefoot running shoe I'd recommend the Nike's to start with before going to something more minimalist. You may even want to consider getting the 5.0's (which have more of a heel than the 3.0 but less than regualr running shoe) before trying the 3.0s.", "Shoes are as expected. Fit well, comfortable no foot or back pain caused by these shoes. Would recommend to a friend", "But I can deal with it", "My husband is a picky shoe guy and really seems to like how they feel and I'm satisfied with how they look.", "Great looking sneakers!", "If your joints need a rest after skating all day, you're not gonna beat these.  Super soft, super comfortable, and it really helps correct your gait after any random ankle rolls.  The upper is really slim and well made.  I'll check back in after a couple months to talk about durability but no problems so far.", "I bought these for my shoes for my 63-year old step-dad and he loves them! Says they are super comfortable, fit true to size and are cool. The pattern on the main part of the shoe is really cool too as it's very subtle. These are great shoes and give you the best of both worlds on the sole...Free and Air.Can't go wrong with these!", "Just Got the shoes today which is the 19th of July I ordered them 2 days ago, So handling business excellent . The shoes fits true to size very comfortable and light weight. All around good shoe came with original box no dust no dirt .Thanks for the good customer service will recommend you guys .", "I got this for my daughter's bday and they are the cutest thing ever!!! I wish they had these in my size.", "My Grand-son loved these shoes.", "I love the color, love the fit, love everything about them! Glad I brought the shoes", "dont buy you can go to any shoe store and pay half the price this seller is asking.go to nike.com and save you money only $160.", "Was exactly as I expected. Great support where needed. Very light weight. Colors are perfect. I would recommend these to anyone.", "sizing is always an issue when buying shoes.  every company and shoe is different.  i have wide feet and high arches.  this shoe was marked 12D.  was too narrow and too tight for my arch.  and felt like there was no inner arch support.  if the shoe was available in 12E, it would have been perfect.  comfortable cushioning sole.", "I bought these shoes based strictly on their color.  Being a an Ohio State fan I was looking for shoes that were scarlet and gray in color and these seem to fit the bill.  I was amazed at how comfortable and light they are.  I bought my regular size and they fit perfectly.  All of my friends have given me positive comments and I'm very happy with my purchase.", "I was looking for new running shoes since I've had my nike free runs for 4 years now and honestly these shoes are terrible.They are way too stiff and gave me blisters. Very unhappy especially for the price they are! Already filed for a request to return them.", "Very conformable and fit for purpose", "this shoes are confortable, soft with a low weight, perfect for running or training.", "perfect fitting", "When I got this, I am rather skeptic about the whole package, although Ive been wearing US 6.5 for Nike, Im rather worried about the cut.When I try it on, the fitting affirmed the cut is slightly bigger than my other Nike pair.I wore it for my zumba class and it give me restriction on my ankle movement. So I stop wearing it for zumba. Then I wore it for my weekly run, alternate it with other pairs which I have.In running, this Lunar90 really give me the miles, ankle support and performance which Ive been looking for. I enjoy my run so much in this shoe.Through the running then I realize how light this shoe is, am almost at the verge of regret but now, Im happy with my Lunar 90.As for the slightly loose cut, I just need to wear thicker sock for comfort.Cheers!", "The Nordstrom website, which is completely sold out of this color, said to order 1/2 size up.  So, I ordered a 7.5.  I'll update y'all when I get them. Nike is pretty much sold out of this color too.", "it was confortable and looks so cool :)", "it is by far the most comfortable running shoe i have worn. It fits well and provided the comfort needed.", "Love this shoe! Most comfortable shoes I have had in a long time! I would recommend them to everyone if I could!", "I absolutely love these shoes - they are comfortable and flexible for my high intensity interval training activities, and also for elliptical use and walking....... I don't typically run so I can't say whether or not they are good for that ( I would guess yes though).  This is the 2nd pair of Nike Free shoes I have ordered through Amazon and I absolutely love them...... I get tons of compliments on them as well from strangers!!  I will definitely order again when I need replacements!", "Nice sneaker, fits tight should have order one size bigger, nice, color is cool and feels great. Nice buy real nice.", "Receive it in excellent condition.  Size it perfect.  Everything I expected", "As with all running shoes/Air Max's always order a 1/2 size bigger....for ex. I wear a 10 so i ordered a 10.5 and they fit great. I always get compliments on these kicks wherever i go. The colors are sick on this shoe, you can't go wrong wit these !  Hot and happy with this purchase....thanks !", "I haven't done anything too intense in these. I've just been running and wearing them to the gym. They're pretty comfortable, first tine in a while I've worn a pair of shoes with the airmax bubble on them. I had a pair of the 5.0's before they were stolen from me and these definitely have a better fit. I've been an 11.5 in all  my cleats/workout shoes for 6 years now and these are true to size. My 5.0's were a little too wide. Plus the camo is sick", "It's different, light and great quality. To the laces , material and digital camo print is perfect. I plan to buy another pair in different color.", "The shoes seem fine. As with most Nike products this style runs small. They do not have a tongue so they are snug getting on. The color and appearance are great.", "It fit perfect..The inside of the shoes relax and comfort your, which is the style of shoes I like..", "After having them for well over a month. These shoes are comfortable and stylish at the same time. Arrived on time and have not disappointed.", "I love the shoes, they are light and really flexiable. I wore them yesterday and others love tjust the look but the feel is great. I did order them a half size larger only because i order another shoes and was afraid they will be too small,.", "Fits great looks great", "I have several pairs of AirMax so I decided to get my wife some as well. She tells me that she has gotten more complements off her AirMax then any other expensive heel or boot in her entire life. Great Choice!!!", "Good & nice shoes.. I love it.But the size is too large for me, think I have to buy more one :D", "Love the look and the price.  Fits like a glove.  Very outstanding sneaker.  The colors just pop and are vivid.  Will buy more colors.", "Shoe feels fake very bad quality :( I walk n it makes like a weird plastic noise if that makes sense I rather pay for quality real shoes . P.s one of the tongues of the shoes is way longer then the other :(", "all ok. excellent.", "Very comfortable shoe, great fitting, and very light weight", "Very, very, very well. I Liked it!", "Reminds me of the old Bo Jackson Cross Trainers!!! I love them and will probably be getting another pair in the future!", "They fit like a glove and need no peds with them. I get compliments every wear I go! I walked into Lulu Lemon store and the girls went nuts, wanted to know where I got them.....", "I went from an Air Max shoe to these because the air popped in the air max shoe.  Can't believe how comfortable and how well these fit!  Kind of hard to keep clean but they do clean up good.  Seem to match everything!  Very cool, comfortable shoe!", "Highly recommended.. This was my first online shoe purchase and I got what I expected.Thank you,Good thoughtsDrew 'N' Me", "I originally bought these socks at a shoe store because I needed socks to try on sneakers.  They instantly became my favorite.  Now I search high and low to find them.  The tabs help cushion the achilles, they stay put, are vented on top and are food specific.", "MY SNEAKERS JUST ARRIVED&#8230;THEY LOOK GREAT. THE FIT IS A BIT SNUG BECAUSE THEY ARE A BIT NARROW. I REMOVED THE CUSHIONED INSOLE AND IT ALLOWS A LITTLE MORE WIGGLE ROOM. THIS IS NOT A PROBLEM FOR ME BECAUSE I LIVE IN FLORIDA AND DON'T LIKE TO WEAR SOCKS AND I LIKE THE FEELING OF WALKING BAREFOOT. AS WITH ALL MY NIKES&#8230;AFTER A FEW WEEKS OF WEARING THEM WITHOUT THE INSOLE THEY GET NICE AND STRETCHED OUT AND WHEN I PUT THE INSOLES BACK IN THE FIT IS PERFECT! THE COLORS ARE A SPOT ON MATCH&#8230;LOVE 'EM &#60;3", "Very thin....was hoping for a pair more thick but they do hold you in and are flattering.", "I have been a fan of Nike Air Force 1's for a very long time and I finally found a place where I can get several pairs. They ship very fast and the shoes are clean and new as advertised. Definitely a great Amazon vendor!", "These shoes are exactly as described. They came sooner than expected in perfect packaging. They get four stars though because they were 70.00 more then the price in Finish Line and other stores that carry this shoe, however I couldn't find this color in stores.", "My husband loves these socks.  They keep his feet dry and fit snugly, never drooping. I can't find them in stores.", "Son loved these shoes. He received them in such a timely manner. Thank you so much!", "beautiful sneaker,fits as expected.My son is loving every moment of wearing this sneaker.", "Hot running shoe, I really like the color and fit.  I would probably get another pair.  Offers very good support", "The box was smashed, taped up with masking tape and full of bird shit but the shoes were good", "Lovely!!", "size 12 more like size 10", "This is great for working out and hot summer days. You feel like you are wearing nothing!! Washes & dries so easily. However, Amazon, U R charging nearly 2X's Nike's price!!!!  $85!!!!!  Yikes!!! And Nike products aren't cheap.", "Every thing was great, ,, the size was fit excellent colour and very comfortable .", "These shoes fit well, my son likes the color.", "This outfit is true to size. Great fit.  Ordered the size I normally do. I bought for my granddaughter.  She loves it and looks so cute.", "was great", "it s owesome. the price is to much for me", "Excellent shoe! It's just what I was looking for!  I've been trying to get these shoes for a while, and I managed to get them 2 days before my birthday!", "JORDAN RETRO 11 s.... THIS SHOE SPEAKS FOR ITSELF ..THEY ARE  CLASSIC, STYLISH  AND , ELEGANT...AS A RELATIVE OF &#34;THE SPACE JAMS&#34; THESE LOW TOPSARE IN A CLASS BY THEMSELVES....A COLLECTORS ... MUST HAVE", "Cool sneaker worth it", "Very nice!!!!", "I Brought these for my son and he is very happy with them and the free gift that came along with them.  Thank you!  The picture does not show the true vibrant color of these sneakers.  In person they are very nice.", "Very cute shirt", "These things look amazing but they're incredibly narrow. I'm a size 13, and I have a narrow/average foot. I couldn't even fit my foot into the shoe.", "Looks good. Feels good. Fits good. Great Buy...will continue to buy me more slippers from here for sure! Well worth it!!", "Beautiful sneaker boots. Weather resistant is a great touch. Colors are bright and vibrant. Do go up a half size. I wear 8.5 normally needed a 9", "I ordered these and got a size to small other than that perfect great recommended it was my mistake though not the sellers", "The shoes are Great, I never buy Shox due to them being too narrow and I got wide feet. These shoes fit great and feel awesome. They are more orange than red though but it didn't really bother me.", "love it", "They fit perfect and the are really light", "The product was shipped in record speed! I love these sneakers! The look and feel are awesome. I was skeptical when I made the purchase being as though some shoes require a larger or smaller size. I am a size 8 and these fit perfectly. I will definitely look to order again from this seller.", "I like this item but they didn't have my size but they tild me they will alert me when they do", "Love it !"]