["Very cute and is really practical. Fits better on smaller wrists which is my case. I wear them everywhere. I really love this watch!", "I totally love this watch. It is much nicer and more beautiful than I thought when I bought it for a very fair price.", "My best friend has this watch and uses it for her work in the hospital. I loved it, so I got it and use it in the classroom when I'm teaching. It's a cute, comfortable watch and I just love it!", "It's cute, works reasonably well, but won't last long.  Really cheap guts on this one.  That's too bad, because it's a cool looking watch....", "I have used a similar watch (Arctic Blue) for several years.  I love it.  When I saw the same style in purple...I had to get it.  I have been wearing this watch for a week and it is as good as the last one. They are easy on and off (like a bracelet) and very comfortable to wear.I am always knocking my watches into walls (yes, I'm a klutz) and other than some scratches to the plastic it is fine.  I have worn it in the pool and when I wash dishes and it seems to resist water as advertised.  The battery in my old watch died after 2 years and it only cost $5 to replace at my local watch shop (and I don't live in a big burg).I am by no means a fashion setter.  However, I have gotten many compliments on this watch (and my old one).  I have had baristas at Starbucks remark on it while I was driving through.Great watch at a good price.", "This is a great little watch for the price. I wear it to work and get lots of compliments. I am tempted to buy it in different colors now :D", "I had great hopes for this watch as I wanted a funky cool change for spring-- the colors do not contrast as much as the photo depiction: I thought it would be really bright yellow swirled with green, but the colors were much more subdued.The description does say 'small ladies..', but I wish there had been dimensions and a picture of it on a model wrist-It's a very tiny watch, but the fit is fine. I just didn't care for it when I realized how small it was on my wrist.", "I purchased this for one of my teenage daughters as she has small wrists and really liked the look of this watch. It fits very well if you have a small wrist and like cuff type watches. She's very happy with it.", "I've found this watch very nice for a really good price (I needed it fast, so shipment was almost 50% of the watch cost), considering it is a Nike. According to my wife (the one who is using it) it's very comfortable, keeps time OK and the backlume is good (pushing the crown). It's not easy to pull the crown to set time, but not impossible if you have good nails. Anyway, you'll need to do that twice a year. After buying this one, I've bought another one in different color.", "Hello good evening, excellent product quality, comfortable, nice, good wreck 100% recommend them very beautiful, I gusta.soy of Venezuela v", "i have owned one of these nike presto before and i have been thinking of buying a new one. i love these watches! they are so fashionable and i could just collect them in all the colors they have! they last long and work good!", "I am allergic to metal clasps so this bracelet type works well for me.  This Nike line was discontinued and I am so disappointed - I have several different colors in this type - the only problem I have had is that the rubber clasps tend to dry out and split so the watch is unusable. But in Phoenix lots of plastics dry out quickly!  I have had many great comments from people who like them.  This one was very expensive - but the last one I saw available - so it is probably the very last one I'll purchase.Need another bracelet watch without a metal clasp.", "Nike Oregon Series Digital Super Watch - Black/Black - WA0024-001I purchased watch as a gift and my husband loved it great price and super fast shipping", "This shirt is of good quality and logo of the team is large and striking.", "This was a bday gift for one of my family members, who is of course a flyers fan. It got to him in good timing and he really liked it. So that makes me happy.", "I've had this watch for over a year now and wear it daily. I love it and the features it provides.", "I bought this watch for my boyfriend for Christmas. He absolutely loves it and wears it all the time! Thanks", "It is oversized for my wrist. It will be fine to wear around but not for running which is what I bought it for. It bounces around too much.", "Great watch, very comfortable, good size , it fits nice, good color, if you have bigger wrist be aware. Thanks", "I bought the watch and I used only 2 days I was in the sea and I saw the time the watch was out...I'm from Brazil but here the store don't fix the watch because I bought in USA....so I'm hate...American company make only s***....", "I have very small wrists and the bracelet-style of this watch is a great solution. It's comfortable, looks good (not like most sporty watches that all look like men's watches), and doesn't fall off during my gym routine. It is loose, though, so it moves around.Right now, I just need to find replacement batteries for it.", "This watch is great because it's different, comfortable, and simple.  It doesn't have a timer or anything, but it is great for everyday use.  The smooth design keeps you from scratching anyone with it on.  It has come down in price a considerable amount, making it well-worth the price.", "Recieved in good shape and when expected.  Just that the mens size was smaller than I expected.  But still pleased with the purchase.", "I got this watch for my wife she loves it when she runs..  one thing wrong about this product is that the watch face has a yellow cast to the face. Sometimes hard to read time.. You must tilt the watch to see the time without yellow cast. Over all a great watch...", "I love the Nike Presto watches. I currently own three of them in both digital and analog.  It is extremely comfortable and I love that it doesn't have the traditional buckle.  I bought a digital one for my mother who has a hard time seeing an analog watch.  The digital screen is very easy to see, especially for a small sized watch.  I wish Nike would keep making these wonderful watches.", "Everything that glitters is not gold!Similarly everything that has Nike written on it is not good!!I bought this item from Amazon for a friend in early 2004. That poor guy had used it for hardly few weeks when the display of it dimmed. So thinking that its a battery issue he replaced tha battery from an authorised shop. Then it worked for another few days, after which it died. It does not display anything at all, let alone keeping time!Since then we have been trying to get this thing repaired, but without any success!!Pure junk in the name of Nike!! Would not recommend any watch of Nike to anyone, you better get a Timex, it may not have \"just do it\" on it but it would at least keep the time!! :)", "The band may last 12 months or 36 months - thats been my experience - but I keep coming back cause the watch feels good and does what I need.", "This is a really great watch if your into sports. It looks cool and it slips right on like a cuff. There even is a feature if you jog at night the numbers light up with the press of a button. Only draw back is the two plastic pieces at the end of the cuff wear easily and give out way before the watch does.", "I have had 6 of these watches I like them very much. They have been discontinued and are hard to fine.The only problem was it stopped working a few days after I bought it. I replaced the battery and I am now happy with the purchase", "i think is a really good product for a low price", "i bought it this christmas as a gift for a close friend..she liked it very much coz it really looks nice but in less than a month, this friend emailed me saying that she needs to buy a new battery for the watch i gave her bec it bogged down, which embarrases me coz she was using it for like less than 3 weeks!now she thought it might be the batteries..we don't know yet the cause of it bogging down but i'm thinking of returning it so it can be replaced..maybe you guys could check first little details like those so as not to have customers be discouraged of purchasing from you again.", "Very nice and comfortable golf shoes!! This was the only place I could find these to fit me. Will look again if I ever need any.", "I bought this shoe for my husband who is normally a 10 1/2 so I got him an 11 just to be safe and they were still kinda tight so my advice is this shoe runs just a bit smaller especially if u have a wider foot", "I purchased these as a gift for my son.  He loved them.  They fit well, he thought they were well made and would hold up in the rain and he loved the style", "These wee bought in May, 2012.I have trouble finding golf shoes in my size 13 - wide.  These arrived promptly and were a hit as soon as I put them on.  Since I mostly walk the golf courses I was concerned about how soon they would begin to leak.  I play 3 times a week and they are still dry after 9 months of playing.  They are light, easy to keep clean and the spikes are holding up very well.  My only complaint is that the laces come loose if not tied extremely tight.  Since they are nylon and skinny, I will replace them eventually with thicker ones.Update 8/20/2013:  After 15 months of year round play, they are leaking.  I can't complain too much since they got me through 100+ rounds.  I would order these again.", "They fit, they are fairly priced, the quality is great, they work like a charm, they have interchangeable (non-metallic) spikes, and they are EXTREMELY comfortable. Most golf shoes I've work (mostly Lovejoys), are not exactly comfortable, especially when playing from the tips walking a 7000 yard course, but these bad boys give you the comfortability as well as the utility in an overall great pair of golf shoes.Bottom line: been playing nearly 15 years, gone through over a dozen shoes, and these are it - and for the price I KNOW you won't beat it. Buy now.", "GREAT GOLF SHOES LOVE THEM A A A A A A A A A A A  A A A A+", "This item was a birthday gift for my husband. He loves them! He said they were about the most comfortable golf shoe he had ever wore and even after 18 holes of golf, his feet felt great! Thank you!", "Great looking and really good feeling shoes.  They are stable and comfortable.  It's like playing in sneakers with the look of playing in tour shoes.", "Just started playing golf, and I'm getting a little more serious about, so I wanted to pick up a pair of shoes for golfing. I'm in my 20's, so I wanted something a little more modern for a golf show design, and Nike pretty much hit the nail on the head with this one. Its modern enough, but still classy. The shoes are pretty comfortable, and I was able to get pretty much the same size I wear for street shoes.I must have used them 3 or 4 times (got them at the end of my season), and overall, I was pretty happy with them!", "Very satisfied with the performance of the shoe in the field. Great fit, stability, and support when you need it. an excellent everyday golf shoe for all sportsters who swing the iron.", "The order arrived on time and in good shape. The shoes look good(construction, etc). The problem is fit. I ordered 91/2w and the shoes were actually narrow. Unable to wear them and returned to company.", "Fast Shipping and was excellent deal.  So far I have only worn it once, and it felt great.  Didn't help the golf game though.  I do recommend this purchase.", "Great shoes for an excellent price.  The fit was perfect and the swoop was a bit darker than expected but in a good way.", "After finally learning that Nike shoes are always smaller than the listed size, I ordered 1/2 size larger than normal.  They are the most como9frtable golf shoes I have ever owned!!", "These fit perfect and no break in period. I'm very happy with the comfort and looks of this shoe. The water repellant feature works very well as I have played in wet conditions and stayed dry each time.", "I think it is a great golf shoe. comfortable and very functional, it does it's job. Hower, I am glad I read the reviews and got it a 1/2 size bigger (11.5 vs 11)...As it is it fits perfectly. The price is very good too. I think it is one of the better deals on golf shoes out there...", "Nike Men's Air Rival Golf Shoe is the perfect shoe. It fit well and is very comfortable. I have not had a chance to play in them since I am currently in Upstate NY. But I would recommend this shoe to anybody. Just make sure you buy a 1/2 size bigger.", "I order the Nike Golf Men's Air Rival Golf Shoe. What I got was the one that looks like the one in your advertising. Even though, that I did not get the right shoes, I am still good with what I got. Both shoes look very much alike, but I also like the ones I got. They fit me well and i think I won't have any issues with them. I got the shoes within 3 day's which was great. If I had to do it again, I would. Thanks, hopefully I will be making more purchases with you again.", "I'm a total amateur that's starting to understand the way the game is played, instead of just swinging a club on the golf course. I wanted to buy some shoes, and these are perfect for someone like me. Good grip, great quality, stylish to boot! I would highly recommend it also because it has options for wider sizes for someone with great big duck feet like me!", "Very please with my recent purchase of these Nike Golf Shoes.  So far they seem to be holding up well.  Haven't hit the course with them yet but hit the driving range and they are definitely comfortable. Would recommend for the price.", "They were a bit stiff at first but once they got broke in they are very comfortable.  Recommend breaking them.in before taking them out on the course.", "I purchased this watch explicitly to keep track of time while writing the LSAT (recent regulations restrict timing devices to analog watches).  Unfortuantly, one major frustration with this watch comes from the reseting of the chronograph.  While most analog choronographs I have seen have the minute and second hand snap to zero in under 2 seconds (some completing a rotation), this watch takes nearly 2 minute to reset!  I'm not sure why, but the second hand literally unwinds once for each minute you have timed.  In other words, if you clock 30 minutes, it needs to unwind 30 times.  This is very frustrating if you need to stop and reset instantly (as you need to between the successive 35 minute sections of the LSAT). The good news is that past 30 minutes, the second hand unwinds forward (so at 45 minutes, the second hand unwinds 15 times, not 45 times.Other than that, the only criticism I would have is the physical size of case.  It is nearly 1/2 an inch thick! This makes it easy to catch on things, and hard to slip under a shirt sleeve.Other things to keep in mind: Some descriptions say the chronograph has hr, min, sec, and 10th seconds... this is incorrect.  The chronograph is only min, sec, and 10th seconds--the hr display subdial is a 24 hr clock.All-in-all, if you don't mind a large case, this watch seems like it would be great for timing sport events and is a sort of funky-looking watch.  Just be aware of the abnormally long reset time of the chronograph!", "This watch is so good, have style and is fine to use daily, but the strap is so hard and dont have any support or ring, to keep of the movement when i do any activity.", "I bought 2.  But  two pair both Left and right looks some different.So sad. T.Tbut very comfort. and real leather stuff.", "This is the best shoe I have ever had. It's great looking, and wears like iron. Like you I have had many shoes, but this shoe is my pick.  You won't be sorry if you get a pair.", "I purchased the Nike Womens VXT Cross Trainer Shoes, which are identical, with the exception of the changes in the sizing chart. I purchased them  from a local retailer for everyday use and for wearing at work. They fit well but are a bit 'bulky' looking. By bulky, I mean to say they are wide/thick and it makes them look weird with shorts. They are more of a basketball type shoe. They do look great with blue jeans since the jeans cover up the bulkiness of the back and sides of the shoe.I do like the leather as it is easy to clean and water/stain resistant. So far, after 3 months they are wearing very well. They look great with jeans and I love the simply white with the silver swoosh.", "My lady got these as a gift.  I really like these shoes. I will drop hints about another pair I like.", "Normally my friend wears a size 11, so I bought these the same size even though I knew it's tricky to buy shoes online, and the result is you could fit an entire thumb in the back of the shoes once he tried them on, so be careful about that, otherwise, great purchase!", "bought these for supportive shoes after our daughter had ankle surgery. Great fit, great price, seem to be holding up well!", "awesomeeee shoes they are really comfortable and beautiful, They are one of my best collection of shoes, you are a bomb with this pair.", "Received these shoes and instantly fell in love.  They fit perfect and look amazing!!!  I've gotten more compliments on these than any other shoes I've had and plan on getting more.  The only complaint... they are not the highest quality shoe as they price would entail... but after 1 week the inside swoosh logo started to peel off.  Yep... the white swooshes are iron on and are susceptible to falling off.  Going to exchange for a new pair and hopefully they don't do the same.", "This shoe is a nice looking shoe. It just runs small. Money wasted. No more buying shoes online for me.", "The size was not right, but I would have returned them anyway as they arrived laced up, with sock fuzz in side, and soles a bit dirty...one had a small pc of gravel imbedded.  Gross.  I got someone's returned, slightly used shoes.Merry Xmas?  Ugh....", "I need to get a bigger size. I usually wear a 10 1/2 but these are very tight. I need to get them replaced with a larger size.. the shoes look awesome. I wish they fit..", "I bought a Size 11 (D) from Dicks and it was too narrow for my feet. I had to return it back. If you have wide feet, make sure you dont order these as they come very narrow.", "The fit and overall feel of these shoes are fantastic !! I would buy they again and recommend them to my friends as well", "Very nice shoes...my son loved the color and comfort and the lite weight. Would recommend this shoe to everyone  that's looking for a nice running shoe.", "I got these for my husband and he liked them. Theyre a lot lower than expected at the ankle, He thought they would be slightly higher. The material is not one you can get dirt off easily but looks nice, theyre very comfortable and shipped out super fast! Overall good shoes for the price!", "I found this running shoe to be pretty comfortable and solid.  It's a little on the heavy side but is good for the casual runner and is pretty cheap.  Nike runs small, but I knew that ahead of time from other shoes so that was no problem.", "excellent quality, are accurate to the picture showing, Super Light, wonderful finish, ideal for walking barefoot seems to cushion the impact, recommended 100%", "We were hoping to get a decent pair of NIKE's for the kid at a good price. These are not them. They look a little nicer in the picture, but they are poor quality. I didn't know NIKE has a junk shoes line.These are OK for about three weeks.", "very good, I am very satisfied with my purchase, recommended. compren sin duda.compren sin duda.compren sin duda.compren sin duda.compren sin duda.", "Did not fit so they have  been returned as of Nov.27 2013. Waiting for confirmation that they have recieved. to large.", "The fit is excellent.  The style is great.  It is just the shoe for my workouts in the neighborhood. Now for ice melting on the sidewalks.", "I went into this purchase blind and just hoped that it would work out.  I was more than pleasantly surprised.  These shoes are great and I love the fit. I have wide feet and it didn't matter.  They fit perfect.  I bought these for running shoes but they look great for casual shoes as well. I'd highly recommend.", "Not to tight fitting, still had space to move foot around. Lightweight with enough air circulation to keep feet cool.", "The Nike Revolution 2 is a good shoe for light running days (1-3 miles). I have been training in this shoe for 2 (winter) months. The shoe is light weight, the fit is good, the sole is a little stiff (I like that). The stitching is good and I have not experienced any rubbing points inside the shoe.  I would recommend this shoe to a friend who is looking for a light duty training shoe, also order the shoe a 1/2&#34; larger than your normal shoe size.", "I've gone jogging three times since I got this pair. I wish they were a couple centimeters longer. Otherwise great value.", "I love to run. I run in 5k races 3 out of the 4 seasons a year. i thought that these shoes would be similar to my Nike &#34;dual fusion lite&#34; shoes. they rub at a few toe knuckles on one of my feet and the inside of my foot on the other. this has caused some blisters. they also don't have that spring feeling when i take off. still a nice shoe. i'll check back after a couple of months to see if it gets any better.", "always love the look of nikes but never impressed with performance of shoe.  i think they get cheaper every year .  Very slim shoe with not a lot of cushion.  returned.", "These felt a bit narrow and I ultimately ended swapping them out for the wider version.The shoes are very comfortable, but with a bit less support than you'd expect in running shoesThe one thing nobody seems to mention about the black/red model is that the insides (red) will bleed all over your socks, permanently staining them, even after months wearing them.", "These were true to the size, my husband liked them and the price was right, I would recommend them to people.", "I love it, it is cool and comfortable. and the size fit as expected. and i claim the mail quickly.", "I have found men's sneakers fit me better than women's (I wear a 13.5 or 14 in women's - I'm 6 feet tall).  These are so comfortable and narrower than some men's sneakers - so they fit me great.", "Good running shoes to consider. It's light and fits well into the feet if you order the correct size. It's &#34;Nike&#34; at the end of the day", "They were a present for my brother, who worn them and found them a little small, thus 4 stars and not 5. So I kept them for myself and the fitted me perfectly, overall very comfortable shoes. Love the colors!", "These bitches are bad. Look like I'm in tron or something. I would recommend if you like wearing grays, yaheard", "i can train for hours and the shoes are still coolone of the best running shoes i had compare to all other brandsi guess nike fits me the best it like they were made for me", "I bought these as a gift for my husband, and as soon and he cracked open the box he loved these shoes! When he put them on he loved them even more. You can not beat them for the price and quality!", "I purchased this as a gift for Christmas so I cannot comment on the shoe as of yet.  But I really like the looks and colors and I think my son will like it too.", "Got em for my hubbys birthday. He loves the darn things, super light weight, comfortable, easy to walk in. He has PAD so make walking on his left leg a whole lot easier.", "I bought these shoes originally for just wearing to the gym and playing tennis in.  But these babies are so stylish and comfortable I often wear them out on the town.", "Hi thereSize small, I bought another shoe brand Nike.I hope before apologeticThank you very much. . .", "This is a nice watch, cool design, but for a size medium the band is very small! Most of the Nike watches of this design were labelled small or short so I purchased a medium thinking it would work on my 7 inch wrist.  It fits ok but feels a little tight.  I purchased it to use while I'm swimming, so I am going to keep it but if I had to wear it all day I think it would annoy me.  Unless this watch was meant for teenagers and not adults, (in which case they should label it as such!), they should make larger sizes as a lot of women don't have tiny wrists, especially athletes!", "I purchased this watch in pink last year for $30. It is a fantastic watch for that price. On my way to work the band (because it doesn't close all the way) got caught on my purse and broke into two pieces. Now I am shopping for a new watch and would like to purchase this watch, but to charge more than $30 (the price all of these watches were last year) is absurd. IT\"S PLASTIC!!!! I have searched the internet and this watch is either out-of-stock or over $100.  Very disappointing!", "this watch is quite large, and the battery does not last long, but it's an excellent watch", "The little metal nike swoosh on the band came out after few uses at the gym.  The blue band turned kind of rusty around the metal area of the watch case, apparently because the sweat.  Looks good when new, feels good, still.", "This was a terrible buy I ordered an adult Nike Triax and recieved a child's Triax I was so embarrassed that it barely fit around my wrist.  The worst part was that it wasn't even a good deal for ten more dollars which is what I payed for shipping. I could have got an adult sized watch at the local sports store.", "I have small wrists and thought the watch face was rather large, much larger than I wanted.  Also, I thought the colors of the digital display were not very appealing and that the display was dim and difficult to see.  I decided to return the watch for these reasons and cannot comment on how it worked.", "So far this is a sharp looking, durable watch. My grandsons figured out how to use all the bells and whistles and are very proud of their new watches.", "My wife loves running and she loves this watch.  It's lightweight, fits her wrist perfectly due to the design and has all the basic functions necessary for a runner.", "I purchased this for my 9 year old son as a Christmas gift.  Although, he says that he loves the watch, it is very hard to read the display in normal conditions.  Otherwise, it's is a nice watch with good functionality.  The water resistance of 50M is good, too.", "Unfortunately, in my effort to to get my Christmas shopping done early, I ordered this item in November.  My son did not like his watch, and I need to send it back.  When I looked on the invoice, I noticed they charge a 15% restocking fee for items returned after 30 days.  I feel this is an unfair practice, as I already have to pay to have the item shipped back.", "I loved the look of this watch that was on Amazon.com and ordered it.  When I received it, the watch barely fit my wrist.  After further investigation on other sites (primarily nike.com), I found out it was a KIDS watch.  This is not noted anywhere on this site.  It is only listed under the \"MENS\" category.  Looks like my 12 year old will be getting another Christmas present, becuase I really don't want the hassle of returning it.It is a very nice watch, though.  My son loves it.", "Watch band only lasts about 8 months, cannot buy a new one so watch is trash.  Not good on your wallet or our earth.", "The watch works great!  I like the large display and the double timer feature.  Manuevering through the buttons can be somewhat confusing, but overall I like the watch.", "I just needed a good watch I can do anything with on, without worrying about whether I should be taking it off or not.  Great Value!!!", "Awesome watch.  5 stars.  Does everything I expected and looks good doing it.", "I really like this watch because it has a very nice display and it's easy to set. People have asked me about it and it's cool looking.The only bad thing is that on mine the band has separated from the watch. I've owned it for a little more than a year though, and it can be easily fixed.", "I bought this watch because it looked sweet in the store and it did everything I needed it to do. I have not tested the interval timing and storing runs a whole lot, but the basics work well, and the controls were not too tough to figure out.The only bad part was the buttons were (and still are) sticky. Also, the button that turns on the button pressing sound always gets hit by my coat sleeve, which is pretty annoying. I would have given it a 5/5 if it weren't for these couple things.", "I love this watch, I use it all the time while working out. If you don't need all the new things like GPS then this is the watch for you.", "I bought the watch to time myself in running and swimming for training. This nike watch is very easy to use.What I like about it is you could save lap times. I could have gone with a less inexpensive watch but I bought it more for the quality and the name.", "Almost all watches have a stop watch feature with the lap mode, however, I've found a large difference between watches in how the interval mode works. I basically wanted a watch that I could program two different times (2 minutes and one minute for example) and have the intervals cycle back and fourth so that I could go hit the trails and easily run intervals. This watch makes that simple and unlike other watches I checked out, it wasn't complicated to operate the interval feature. Aside from it being functional, I like the looks a lot. The face is easy to read and for as large as the face is, the watch is very low profile and comfortable.", "Just wanted to write a review about the super vs. regular versions of this watch.  I really like the watch now that I have one that correctly fits me.  I orginally ordered the regular because I am an average sized guy (6', 170lbs) and wanted it to fit correctly.  I couldn't find any information explaining the difference anywhere on the web.  Even the Nike Timing website itself had no good explanation of the difference.  When I ordered the regular sized watch it barely fit around my wrist.  So I sent it back and ordered the super size version of the watch.  The super fits great.  It looks like the regular size was meant for women.  My wife tried it on and it fit her great.  The super version overall is bigger.  The strap is bigger, the face is bigger, etc.  My advice is that if you are a guy looking to buy this watch, buy the super version of it.", "I bought this watch as a gift for my husband.  He loves running with it.  The numbers are big enough to see while he is running, the buttons are large and easy to push, and the functions are great and easy to learn.  If you like to track your time and progress while running,  this is a great watch.", "My son requested this watch specifically for Christmas. He is a marathon runner and had lost his heart monitor watch (oddly enough, I'm not sure this watch has a heart monitor although it seems to have everything else a runner could want). The watch was not easy to find based on model number, even on the Nike website. I actually had to call Nike to help find the right search words/model numbers to look for. By then, I had to pay extra for delivery in order to be guaranteed to get it by Dec. 24.  It ended up arriving at least 2 days early, brand new in the box. My son loves it.", "I purchased this watch because of Nike's reputation and the sale price at the time (43).  From May to October the watch was perfect.  Didn't get scratched even when I really hit the glass against a wall or metal. I lift weights, run, swim and play many sports and the watch was holding up great until one day the end of one strap where the clasp is, just ripped and the metal clasp fell out.  Now the watch is useless and the weakness of the strap is very apparent now.  It was sent to repair but I have a feeling they are going to charge more than half the purchase price just for the end of one strap.", "Having had a Nike watch before, I hoped my husband would like this one, too.  There aren't as many bells and whistles as his other one, but it is half the price!", "This watch is very light and moves well with you in high action sports.I like the design of the band also.Robert JungLexington,KY", "I had ordered this watch for my boyfriend as a surprise but did not have the knowledge necessary to make an accurate purchase. Although the watch was great for athletic performance, I feel it was too small to be considered a men's watch. It had been previously used, which I knew but did not know to what detail until I received it, but all functions were as described. I did not end up keeping the watch and did not have any problems returning it. The arrival of the product was quick and efficient.", "Nice looks and functions but due to the shape and button placement, the watch often changes functions from simple hand movements and that's a problem when I'm timing a run.  The alarm bell isn't loud enough to wake me up even if I'm wearing the watch.  The little bump at the end of the band can make it a hassle to take off the watch.", "I took a chance and bought this for my husband for Christmas. He is a coach and likes a watch wth a digital reading. He really likes the features it has and also received a exta battery with it.The only minor problem the band needs to be a tad bit longer for an adult mans wrist. I was impressed with the fast delivery too.", "I received the watch quickly and was exactly what i wanted.  Only problem is that within a month the battery dies on me and of course it has to be a difficult watch and they cant just put a new battery in i had to send it to some place to get a new one.", "Problem #1The design stinks. It is impossible to move your hand without putting the watch into a reset mode, and loosing all of your settings.Problem #2The watch I got broke 8 hours into use.Problem #3The customer service on this watch is horrible. The company my watch was purchased from (This was not Amazon itself, but through Amazon to the company named WatchZone) was the worst I have ever seen.Here is WatchZone's return policy: (No Joke, word for word)Quote--\"The watch can only be returned if it has NEVER been worn. It is impossible to wear a watch (even for short periods) and not get it scratched or blemished.\"Any trouble with the watch and WatchZone passes the buck to the manufacturer.NikeTiming also has a terrible customer service. Upon calling, you cannot actually contact anybody. When they ask for your number so they can contact you back, they don't. Finally, they make you pay for shipping, re-stalking, and other such fees when they are the ones who sent you defective merchandise in the first place.Grand total: The watch that I got was on sale for $20 off. It is taking me more than $30 to get a working one (if they send me a functional one THIS time.)I would advise anybody who is looking for a watch to steer clear of NikeTiming and WatchZone. You will get a better product if you just buy the $20 Wall-Mart special, and you will be spending less even if you donate $40 to FedEx.", "I purchased this product about a year ago for myself because the store was out of the adult version and this one was a little less expensive. Its great because its waterproof and has the option of military time which helps for healthcare jobs. The watch is also very durable which is perfect for active kids. I would recommend this watch to anyone!", "My son purchased this watch for himself. He loves it. It wears well, it's pretty rough & tough. He learned to set it and use it with a little help from Mom. Great value!", "I purchased this product about a year ago for myself because the store was out of the adult version and this one was a little less expensive.  Its great because its waterproof and has the option of military time which helps for healthcare jobs.  The watch is also very durable which is perfect for active kids.  I would recommend this watch to anyone!", "I own several Nike oregons (3 at last count), so it's no surprise that I like this watch.  For anyone interested, you'll be hard pressed to find a more solid time piece.  However, be warned that it is big.  Big enough to keep a button-down shirt sleeve from closing.  IMHO this makes the watch a bit too big for exercise duty.  As an outdoors watch (for hiking, camping and the like) it is the perfect size.  The problem there is that it is missing a couple of features found in most watches of this type (altimeter, thermometer and barometer), including Nike's own Oregon WA9002, which is virtually identical to this model.  Still the watch is an awesome piece, which could have been better.My only big gripe was with Amazon.  The first watch they shipped was perfect, except that it had a dead battery.  I called had them detail the problem and replace the watch.  The second watch they send Also had a dead battery (I guess they don't check these notes at the warehouse).  when I asked about having that one replaced the person at the other end said that there must be something systemically wrong with this model and they they were not going to continue sending out new watches.  instead they would refund my money and that I should return the watch.  I told them that I liked the watch and that if they were too busy to check for a simple battery that I would walk a block over to best buy buy the battery and replace it myself.  I did exactly that, Amazon refunded me the cost of the battery and the watch has been perfect ever since.", "One of the best watchs ive bought this year ... get it its great plus the power save option is great i have alot of watchs so when i dont wear it , the display cuts off ... but over all great buy .. Get one asap", "I've had this watch for a few weeks now and I have to say that it is very impressive. I was skeptical of Nike watches but I've been proven wrong. The band is very comfortable, the buttons are easy to use and the watch is very easy to navigate and use settings. It's also been very durable and great looking. The only bad thing is that it sits a bit high on the wrist. All in all, I love it!", "This watch is OK.  Easy to read display.  The altimeter is not that accurate.  It is very big and clunky.  The major drawback, after less than a year of use, water has already gotten in!  All in all, you get what you pay for.", "I got this one last year and so far I've been very satisfied with this watch.This is a real men's watch.. pretty big and somewhat heavier than other sports watches.Unlike other nike watches, it has a very subtle logo and simple display. (the reason why I bought it) has rugged feel yet very simple. Some people even asked me where they could buy it/For a price about $100, it is definitely a good buy!note: It seems like it will no longer available.  it will be discontinued..I guess. hmmm", "I got this watch from amazon with the battery almost dead. I send a request to Amazon to exchange the watch but they told me that the watch was sold out and they can just return the money. I ask about if was posible change the battery with nike warranty. I never got an answer. Too bad Amazon...", "I have had my watch for two years now and it is by far my favorite outdoor watch.  I make regular use of all the features.Compass:  Once calibrated it is accurate, within 1 degree of my GPS.  I used it exclusively to complete an all day orienteering event and numerous camping trips without complaint.Altimeter:  The altimeter, despite the proprietary \"zero drift\" technology, will drift over time, as all barometer-based alitimeters will.  On a four day hiking trip in Colorado, I set the altimeter at a known elevation and it worked flawlessly for the whole trip.  Based on map readings and GPS, the watch was never more than 200' off on a trip that regularly ranged from 10,000' to 14,000'.  Another feature not mentioned in the manual is an alarm system that goes off whenever you attain an altitude of a famous mountain.  For example, when I hit the altitude of Mt. Fuji, the alarm sounded and \"Mt. Fuji\" scrolled across the face.  You will have to set the altimeter to a known point for it to be accurate.  As a helicopter pilot I have flown numerous times with it and it is fairly accurate, but the sampling rate of 60 seconds is kind of slow - you can change it, but I don't seriously use it in the aircraft, and 60 seconds is plenty of time when you're hiking.Temperature: Like any wrist mounted temperature sensor, the watch will react to your body temp.  This watch has a feature that allows you to compensate for this by lowering the temp by a known factor.  I have mine set at -8 degrees so it is relatively accurate on my wrist.  This is the only watch I have found to have this.Barometer:  Accurately shows trend data - no complaints.Alarms: I like having numerous alarms, and the alarm is sufficiently loud to hear while hiking in 30mph winds with the watch under layers of clothing.The watch also has a feature to shut off the display after 1 hour of no button pushes.  This saves battery power and my battery display shows a full charge after two years of consistent use.The manual is not very clear, but the interface is user friendly once you play with it. The titanium bezel does show some wear, but the mineral face is as clear as the day I bought it and I am extremely hard on watches.Overall, I am extremely pleased with this watch.  I think I will buy a second one when the first one bites the dust.", "Recently, I bought the Nike Lance 4 cycling watch ([...]) through Amazon for $[...], including shipping... primarily for the \"loud\" alarms, compass and stopwatch.Unfortunately, the Lance 4 is neither atomic nor solar... and the alarm is definitely not loud (for me). I can hear it in an absolutely quiet room, but not on my wrist when my desktop computer's running. (I'm 65 and have experienced some extremely loud sounds, so \"normal\" hearing is probably better.) However, the watch face flashes its backlight when any of the alarms go off, and that helps.When you first strap the watch onto your wrist, it's cold and feels like you're wearing a doorknob. However, after a couple minutes, the metal and rubber warm up and it becomes very comfortable. In fact, it feels so comfortable that when you take it off at the end of the day, you miss it. The oversize buckle, and strap-end lock-down, are smart ideas and even work with gloves. Another thing that works well is the compass, which you can set for true north or calibrate to the magnetic declination for your location. (During the warm months here in New Hampshire, the heavy leaf canopy blocks GPS signals, and I don't always carry a compass backup.) The altimeter appears to be accurate after calibrating it with a known elevation, but it needs recalibration whenever you can do it. A nice feature is the battery saver, settable to three different periods of inactivity before the screen goes blank. Everything else continues to work during that time. Probably what I like most about the watch are the control buttons... VERY tactile and functional, even with gloves.", "This is an excelent watch. I'm really impressed with all the resources included in it. Also, the design is very nice.", "I owned the watch for about 30 days and the unit worked fine. Took watch off one day and put it in my pocket and the watch reset and then neither myself or Niketown store manager could get heart monitor sensor to link again. Received replacement and manager linked at store, took home and tried to enter heart rate limits and watch reset and again I could not link sensor. I believe there are better units out there for the money they are charging for this watch.", "Everything was OK. I actually recommend.", "This is an AWESOME watch - and the service was great.  The watch has a special locking wrist band, so that the watch doesn't fall off.  The service was excellent - I requested 3 day shipping, and got the product overnighted to me - that really helped me out.", "On the upside, it looks nice, has decent functions, and has a bright indiglow light. On the downside, it's pointless to use any alarm or timer function seeing as you can barely hear it! Bottom line, I'm keeping my old watch for work and waking up, but keeping this as well for casual days.", "great bag. i have had this for a couple of years now and it has held up wonderfully. wouldn't expect any less from NIKE.", "A lightweight bag, this is just the right size to fit into a gym locker. The material may look a little flimsy at first, but it is surprisingly durable. I have been using this for about a year now (once or twice a week), and it's still like new. The one large compartment can easily store shoes, a full change of clothes, a medium sized toiletry bag and the odd book or two. The straps are sturdy and comfortably placed on the bag for easy carrying. For my needs, there was no reason for me to spend any more - I consider this bag a bargain.", "I'm very happy with my purchase. I where my sunnies everyday. I really like this style. I will buy these again. I hope that won't be anytime soon. I will put them to the longevity test.", "Received these sunglasses very promptly.  Everything was as advertised.  Great SELLER!!!  Would definitely buy from again in the future.  Thanks!", "This is the second pair of glasses that I have bought.  They last so well you cannot go wrong.  My husband had his first pair for 3 years and used them everyday as a sheriff's deputy.  These glasses have been through many trips through the woods and even fell from a helicopter and survived.  He has even gotten his whole squad to buy them now because of there durability and \"cool\" style.  But seriously, they are great and we will use them again if we ever need to.", "I am really very pleased to have purchased these sunglasses. They are ideal for outdoors, very confortable, attach very well, the lenses do not get scratched and it is very easy to change the different set of lenses.I use them for any occasion, not just sports and outdoords. Certainly recommend them.", "muy buena la presentaciony la talla pedida si inconvenietes un buen envio tal como lo que vi en la foto", "These shoes are super comfy. I recommend these over &#34;shape ups&#34; any day. The color scheme is great as well as the material these are made from.", "Love this watch.  Love this team.  Comfortable, ergonomically correct, and well mad and durable.  They have stopped making them, but this was a great product.", "I am very pleased with this product. i have been wanting it since it first came out of the market. I love big watches and this Nike Merge is \"big\" it is so Hip and though the strap can be easily soiled, I found out that you can just brush it with soap and water and it will be good as new again.", "EVERYONE SHOULD OWN SOME DIFFERENT WATCHES AND THIS IS AN INEXPENSIVE WAY TO HAVE A UNIQUE ONE/THREE. HARD TO SEE IF YOUR USING TI FOR ACTUALLY WORKOUT WITH OR RUN. THE LED DISPLAY IS A WEIRD REFLECTIVE COLOR THAT'S HARD TO SEE AT A GLANCE.", "Got is a Christmas Gift for My Girlfriend and She loved it! It's comfortable and very fashionable! Everyone keeps asking where she got it! Really awesome and unique product!", "as a bartender who is constantly washing bar glasses, this watch is great because it stays up on your arm and out the way. It looks great and the interchangeable band means you can color-coordinate with your outfit and keep the bands clean with machine washing. my only complaint is its really hard to read in low-light.", "The combo wrist band and watch is perfect for active tennis play, and it is pretty.", "it came with no batery. I changed it, then the watch broke down... no comments... ... ...", "Bought this for a present for my daughter 2 years ago or less.  The recently broke, it was good watch while it lasted. I felt like the band should not have broken so soon.  The price was right so I guess you get what you pay for.", "this was a great watch, excellent service.  The order arrived on time and I love the watch.", "When I tested the watch the chest strap transmitter would not transmit my heart rate data to the watch unless I held the watch less than ~2 inches from the chest strap (impractical during a normal workout). I even changed the battery in the transmitter and it diden't help.  All of the other features of the watch worked fine I'm sure I just happened to get one that had a glitch.  I sent it back to Amazon and got a prompt refund.", "It fit perfectly my needs, a very good HRM that also works with the gym equipments, and a very nice looking watch to use daily.", "Let's face it, you buy a watch like this because it catches the eye. I get positive comments every time I wear this one. It's just a quartz watch, with nothing special about the timekeeping. Looks cool though! And it's well made with rugged steel and good finishing. Comfortable too, though the band is not the best quality leather.", "I find this watch unnecessarily heavy.  It doesn't stay put.  The display is hard to view.  I love the style, but if I wanted style alone, I'd buy a bracelet.", "I like this watch however it is a bit to thick for my wrist. When I wear it, the band gets in the way when I extend (lift upward) my hand moving the watch in such a way it kinda digs into my forearm.  The band also gets dirty easily.  I do like the look though.", "This is a nice sports watch for a person who is on the go. I brought this watch for a girlfriend not to long ago and she loved it! It's attractive to the eye.  Light on the wrist.  It's not a watch you would work out in, but it does accesorizes well with sports gear. I recommend this as a nice leisure watch.", "This was a gift for my husband.  He loves it and it is a perfect watch for many occasions.  He uses it for casual wear and gym workouts.  No problems and it's a nice size for any guy.My husband can be picky about the size of watch faces and the way bands fit.  This one made him happy.", "WARNING ... i own a Nike Triax C6 watch and guess what Nike told me when i tried to get it fixed... \"Sorry we've stopped manufacturing spare parts for Nike Watches\" ...Buy at your own risk.", "Bought this watch for my girlfriend, thought it was a nice petite sporty watch for her.Pros-Big display-Seems pretty durable-Angled display makes it easier to see-Lights up nicelyCons-Screen is absolutely _not_ scratch resistant, not that it was advertised as such, but you'd think it would be...the face of this watch is totally marred-Not really as small as you would think, honestly it's pretty bulky, but maybe that's what to be expected..looked smaller from the pictures.-The buttons are actually pretty hard to push in, it's annoying how much you have to squeeze them for them to register.-Silver border around the edge honestly looks tacky, it just doesn't really even look that good. no style pointsOverall, I'd say you could probably do some research and find better...I forget what I paid for this, but I wouldn't pay over 30 for it now given the choice. Functionality wise it works fine, the band has lasted, and honestly there's nothing really /wrong/ with this watch..it just isn't all that great. I usually pride myself on finding products that both look and perform well, this isn't one of them.", "Being an ol'fart, i wanted a no nonsense watch that i could actually read without reaching for my reading glasses.this nike watch fills the bill very nicely,it's a little heavy but that's because it's built rather well,..my only real complaint is that once in a while for no apparant reason it'll lose all it's settings and you'll have to reset everything,..annoying but all in all it's a pretty nice watch for the price.", "I just received my second delivery of this watch.  The first one i purchased from ebay, and after 2 days it went haywire.  I put in a what I thought was a new battery from Radio Shack, but the watch was still acting weird.  The display was showing some jibberish and it made weird noises.  I returned the watch and bought this one from Amazon, opened up the box and it was dead.  I ended up metering the battery and it read .12 volts.  It is supposed to read 1.5 or more volts.  I also metered the battery from Radio Shack.  That one only read .42 volts.  Did I return the other watch for no reason?  Did it just need a new battery?  Turns out, Yes.  I returned the weak Radio Shack battery, exchanged it for one that read 1.54 volts in the store, brought it home and the watch worked fine.  I've read other reviews on this watch and i've seen similar descriptions of wacky this happening after a period of time.  This watch needs at least 1 volt of power to work right.  Nike came out with this watch at the end of 2005 and most of the batteries will be dead if you buy one now.  Just have some spare batteries around to enjoy this watch.  Buy this watch if you are looking for a comfortable, simple, durable, wicked cool, and affordable timepiece.", "VERY LIGHT WEIGHT (ALUMINUM), IN A NICE DEEP BLUE COLOR.DIAL IS EASY TO READ IN DAYTIME; AT NIGHT JUST PRESS THE LIGHTBUTTON. (I ALSO HAVE ONE OF THESE IN AN EYE CATCHING COPPER COLOREDBAND WITH A BLACK DIGITAL DIAL.) I CONSIDER THIS WATCH TO HAVE A SIMPLE YET ELEGANT MODERNISTIC LOOK, WHICH I LIKE IN ANY OBJECT. J.", "I really liked the look of the watch, but after wearing it for several months the band broke and there are no replacements available other than sending it back to Nike and you know how that goes. I won't see the watch for months. plus the band was almost as much as I paid for the watch.", "Not only the price was great, but it does exactly what I need it to.... and super fast shipping!  If I had been home to receive the package, I would have received it within 24 hours of ordering it.  I would definately order from this seller again.", "Real progress is made with heart rate, not with RPM or MPH.First of all, the watch is simple to set up, and the chest strap is comfortable.Secondly, this is an invaluable tool to proper fitness, it is accurate and informative.  (you cannot slack off with this strapped on!)I reccomend this to anyone who is serious about fitness.", "I originally got this watch back in 2005 after failing my Air Force PT Test. I worked out with it for quite some time but eventually needed to record workouts over a period of time, not just one at a time.This very simple watch does a good job in several aspects. It will tailor your hear rate zones to how you feel or you can punch them in manually (the method I use now).The only issue I've had is that the strap's battery runs out well before the watches. The strap takes a simple and inexpensive computer motherboard battery so finding a replacement is easy.I'm torn between 3 and 4 stars, but I ended up with 4 simply because I've had this thing for ever, and it is still keeping track of my workouts; if only one at a time.", "my husband loves the big face on the watch that's tilted for easy viewing while running. he never takes it off - even in the shower. the heart-rate monitor reads clearly and easily.", "I have had my Nike Triax C5 for a few months and I like it a lot. It is easy to use and has been pretty accurate. I think it is a good purchase for anybody that wants just a basic heart rate monitor.", "This is a great watch. It has many functions, and is very stylish. I still haven't figured out all of its functions, yet I have gotten many compliments! Makes a really great gift.", "This watch looks pretty cool (although i'd recommend changing the strap) but it has had no thought whatsover put into the functions and their practical everday use.WHY ITS BAD**To actually set the time you have to hold the light button down until the digits reset?!  Just think whats gonna happen if youre fumbling around in the dark or you accidentally trap it on something for more than 10 seconds.**There is NO DAY!!!! The date, time are displayed but not if its monday or tuesday etc so if youre like me and have no concept of time or work a job that just rolls on day after day u are screwed.**Basic user interface is terrible! Using the stopwatch is awkward as it takes 3 buttons to start, stop & reset (which is also time consuming as you have to hold the light down just like set the time). There's an alarm as well but after 6 months i got no clue how that works!**The watch band rotted away after two months. That wasn't so bad for me as i replaced it with something much better as i originally intended but thats the sort of build quality were looking at`here.**The face is highly polished and scratches easy. Personally i dont mind it scratching as i prefer that used look but some may object.This watch really doesn't have any worthwhile features and just looks good but works like a cheap-o. Expect it to tell the time (but not the day) and maybe act as a stopwatch if you can be bothered.im disappointed as i expected better from Nike.", "Hoola! =Dsolo lo habia visto aqui en amazon... y me gusto el dise&ntilde;o y el estiloy como estaba baratolo compreno me arrepiento, esta genial", "Bought this for my 11 year old who always has trouble with straps and closings on previous watches.  This one just clips onto the wrist and it has stayed on ever since.  The bright color is attractive.It claimed to be the easiest watch in the world to set the time and date etc but I had trouble manipulating the hour / minute sequence and finally gave it up to someone else.Would recommend this watch for preteens / teens who want something practical and trendy at a good price.", "Really liked the watch... The color was a little brighter than in the picture... It tells the time, date, a stop watch, and a light so that  you can see in the dark... I like it because you don't have to buckle it, it just clasp right on you wriest.... so you can put on and take off your watch in no time!.. and people like me, who are always on the good.. this is the watch for you...", "It's a nice watch, but not very durable and the users manual is a real mess.  A decent, but overpriced, simple watch.", "This watch is for my  daughter, and is, in fact, her third Presto Cee.  One disappeared in the surf in Costa Rica, another was stolen by an actual robber when she was asleep.  Knowing how much she loves this petite watch - it is comfortable for her lifestyle - I felt badly that she was without a comfortable watch.  She's allergic  to base metals, and this one doesn't cause a reaction ( a significant criteria for success); she runs and works out a lot, and this is comfortable for these activities.  Plus, it's pretty cute.  This blue one is possibly a little brighter than she might have liked, but it's cute anyway and doesn't  look inappropriate when she's dressed for work in an office.", "someone bought me a version of the same design by Nike and I bought one for my sporty sister.  I love the sleek look, and although the open bangle bracelet design looks funky and stiff it's really great and easy to wear, especially because of the rubber wrist pads on the underside.  The 2 button settings are actually easier than 4 buttons to set time and date.  I thought I'd scratch up the clear plastic surface too but it still looks like new and I wear it everyday.", "This watch is a nice buy. It is a little bigger than expected but it is cool looking and is used primarily for working out. The price is very reasonable as well.", "The watch is handsome, and I had alot of my co-workers ask me about it, but its huge and gets tiresome at the end of the day.", "as an avid fan of the \"King\" Lebron James, i found this watch very amusing. the rubber bracelet is indeed quite thick, and prolonged use might appear to be weary but ive used it quite a bit now, and i found the watch very comfortable to wear. the functions are great, typical of a Casio G-shock watch. it looks sturdy, plus it has a Lebron logo, and the name Lebron written on the band. a great watch for Lebron collectors likewise.", "Ive probably owned 5-6 Timex Ironman watches in the last 20 or so years. I always loved them becuase they were tough, and very practical. When my latest expedition broke its band, I thought I would try something else. I need a watch to keep my time in the pool and other gym activities, so I thought I would give the Nike Hammer a try.First of all, I know other people have said it, this watch is *huge*. I knew it was big, but was still somehow shocked. Saying this watch is big is like saying Angelina Jolie is \"attractive\". Just doesnt really hammer the point home. If you have small or frail wrists, it will probably look out of place. But thats fine - I am a very big, stocky guy - so I need a big watch... Well, as big as this watch is, it will barely fit on my wrist. And because of the design of the band, I doubt you can get a longer one (unlike a Timex watch, where there are usually a gazillion aftermarket bands that would work just fine). So I was kind of dissapointed in the band length.I am big, but I'm not andre the giant big. My wrists are about 9.5 inches in diameter. Anyone with wrists much bigger than that, will definetly be out of luck.Other than that the watch is very awesome. Speaking about the band, it is nice that it is some type of polymer plastic, since I use this watch for my timing in the pool... fabric bands are no good, these polymer bands dry off in a quick second.I think it looks great, and the display is very large and easy to read. A nice touch, when you are in countdown mode, you can switch back to displaying the current time and a progress bar is displayed underneath the time. The bar shrinks in size as the time is counted down. Gives you a quick rough idea how much time is left in your routine.Overall, I'm happy with it so far. Definetly has a cool unique look!Ive had several \"cool watch!\" comments in the first day.", "This watch is large in size as noted in some of the other reviews.  However, this is one of the things that I really like about this watch.  This will not be mistaken for a unisex watch as the size and stature is very masculine.  All the features work as advertised and the display is actually easier to read than I expected.  Also, after being able to compare several Nike watches in a local store, this one is by far the most stylish for men.  The watch also is sized very nicely in terms of fit.  I'm very satisfied with my purchase both from a functional standpoint and visual standpoint.", "I don't know how to write that grunting sound Tim Allen makes on \"Home Improvement\"...but I'm sure he'd make it about this watch. This is a big honkin' macho man's watch on steroids. Looks as if could last through a nuke blast. Big and brawny as it is, it's still very comfortable...the wide band is made of some hi-tech rubbery stuff that feels great. Nice large display of time, day, and date. Watch face is protected by the angled bevel of the metal frame around it. This isn't for guys who need a Rolex to announce their net worth or those who want some high-style fashion statement out of Europe. This one is for telling time easily with a watch that looks like testosterone would if it were a watch. Nike.....who knew?", "This watch looks interesting and unique on a computer screen. When I actually got the item it was just too big for my liking. It is advertised as a sports watch but the size and weight of it make it an impractical sports watch. I returned it immediately. If you're not an above average sized person I don't recommend you purchase it.", "The Nike Hammer is well designed and finish is excellent. The controls are intuitive.  I did not receive a manual with the watch, so there are still some aspects of the watch I have not discovered.  The only negative for me is that the band is VERY wide, so it is great for working out and bike riding, and not so great for use with long sleeve shirts. Also the watch case is very thick, so keep in mind that it is awkward to wear with a sportcoat or suitcoat.  I like the digital dial, very easy to read. The back light is bright and easy to use as well.  For working out and casual wear this is a great watch.", "My daughter has this watch; and I noticed I wore it more than she did so I thought it best to get my own. She wanted hers back. I wear it to work and to exercise. Great watch.", "WARNING ... i own a Nike Triax C6 watch and guess what Nike told me when i tried to get it fixed... \"Sorry we've stopped manufacturing spare parts for Nike Watches\" ...", "I like the color and it is beautiful, but it fits only in the left wrist (because of its design). Unfortunately I use watch only on right wrist.", "Very disappointed about this product. I've had it just few months and the metal around the front came off and I've not even exposed the watch to water or anything, even though it's supposed to be water resistant. You can tell that the metal was not glued properly to begin with. The band material is also not durable, the shiny coat on the plastic band is wearing off as well.Very delicate watch, not sporty at all...which is what one should expect of a Nike product.", "When you want to express Style, Class and Sophistication, the Nike TI watch gives you all that! This is an awesome watch with all the functions of a digital watch you could ever want. The stunning design will tell people that you are someone who is confident, secure and successful. Great watch at a great price!", "I bought the watch because I wanted a digital watch made out of titanium because of a nickel allergy that's in everything stainless steel. Have worn it over a month and it's comfortable and does not cause any reaction. I think that it's good looking too. My only complaint is that, unless you hit the backlight button, the contrast in the digital display isn't very high and it's a bit tough to see if you're taking a quick glance to tell the time.", "I have had this watch for several years.  This is the first nike watch I bought (I have since purchased several more).  It's great, and everyone that see's it comments on how cool it looks.", "This has been a good watch so far. I've owned it for about a month and have yet to get the band resized, but that's my fault. It's actually not too bad of a fit out of the box. I have owned the Freestyle Shark Mako for many years and this one is definitely more \"dressy\" and more simple in its features. The stopwatch function only gives time at the level of seconds and not tenths of a second, so if you're into needing that level of detail this will not be the watch for you. I have found so far that many of the features or my perceived need to see lots of information at once has not been missed. I would rather have the style that this watch provides and I am enjoying the simplicity.", "My dad wanted this watch for working out and playing sports after he saw it at Dicks Sporting Goods.  Well, I bought it on Amazon for the third of the price and he's been enjoying it ever since.  He love it!", "I purchased this as a gift for my grandson.  He enjoys it very much.", "Bought as a gift for my son - a runner. He loves it. Note: if crystal cracks from being dropped, it can't be replaced. You have to buy a whole new watch.", "This is a must have watch for serious runners.  I have had mine for over a month and I love mine.  I am a professional track and field athlete, and I train very hard to win races.  This watch helps me train better than any other watch I've ever had.  It gives you up to 50 lap splits which are great for any workout that is over 800 meters on a track.  Not only that but it has 5 interval timers, which you can set your appropriate rest time on.If you are a serious runner like myself, I highly suggest you get this watch.  It is definately something that you will need!", "Very nice watch and very eye-catching.  Its big so beware if you don't like a big face on your watch.  I wear it for business and workouts it looks good enough to do both.  The clasp is funky.  Sometimes if you move your wrist just right it will come un-latched but its not a deal killer.", "Bought this watch as a Christmas gift. It is absolutely beautiful, and the recipient was very happy with it.", "Good: Looks great, light weight, Lance's signature on back casing. Beautiful front face, designed with cyclist in mind, althought if it reminds your bicycle rides, then you are riding too far from the curb! Bad: People think it is a cheapo watch due to nike logo on case. Titanium is light but IT DOES SCRATCH! Watch belt is rather stiff and if you are skinny like me, you will have to remove some links from belt(not easy) or you will end up re-adjusting you watch everytime you move your arm. Battery does not last too long 1.5 years on mine. Have to send it back to authorized repair station due to special back case locking configuration. Lance's signature started to fade away due to sweat and friction from wrist.", "I've owned this watch for almost 3 years now. It has a very reliable mechanism and good looks.I've ran with it, dived with it and taken it to all extremes.The titanium case was easily scratched and the polyurethane strap broke off very easily.First time that I tried to change the strap was painful but was done via the main store in Amsterdam, Netherlands.Second time never happened as Nike says they have split up with the watch company (it seems it was Seiko) and are not supporting their branded watch anymore. Seiko is also not supplying the material as well. I have tried in different countries and different Nike stores with no result.Thus I am left with a working but not wearable watch which was not a cheap one to buy at the time. But more than that, I am extremely surprised and disappointed that such a \"big\" brand like Nike that is not giving support to their own products.", "I'm a watch enthusiast (or obsessive as my wife calls me, but let's not stray too far...) and before this model, I have never owned any watch by Nike.  I have several Suunto and one Casio models that feature Altimeters and for some odd reason, I felt the need to add to my collection (DON'T tell my wife, PLEASE).It's lightweight and feels comfortable on my wrist--ALWAYS a plus if you ask me.  I especially like the clasp on the rubber strap that has the Nike logo on it that helps to keep the band in place and not move.  GREAT idea and I submit ALL manufactures of rubber-type bands adopt a similar style and F-A-S-T.The so-called Zero-Drift technology that Nike claims allows for dramatically more accurate altitude readings when compared to similar products by Suunto, Casio and the like...well personally I haven't been able to see any additional accuracy one way or another.  Go figure.One thing I REALLY liked was the ease at which I was able to get it up and running.  I just went through the nightmare of programming my Suunto T1 heart rate monitor model and after hours of attempting to decipher the sandscrit-like instructional booklet, it was nice to see a watch that the manufacturers actually put some time into designing, or more to the point, put some time into making it user-friendly.So, in a nutshell, am I happy I bought it?  Yup.  I'd do it again, too.  Hope this helps.", "The digital watch seemed excellent: easy to read, easy to setup. However it sits very high on a thick,heavy nylon strap so it interferes with any cuff you wear. I returned it for this reason.", "Man, let me put it this way: what's the problem with these big offshore companies like Nike? I guess i have an answer for that: Everything they offer you is \"made in China\"!Well, i'd be OK with that if the porducts made in China were good quality. But unfortunately, they are not. This watch is a very well-designed piece an it looks great, but the buttons and wristband feel like a cheap 5,00 U.S. Dollars watch (also made in China, of course).I think that every big company in the world, not only Nike, should start thinking over immediately about a big change in the production line, because I AM TIRED OF CHEAP GADGETS MADE IN CHINA. I mean it, STOP \"MADE IN CHINA\" PRODUCTS NOW, OR YOUR CUSTOMERS WILL START MAKING BETTER CHOICES FOR THEIR MONEY!", "This is a nice watch and fits great.  I like the style and colors.  the only problem is in the wrist band.  there is a small button on the end of the band that fits into a small hole to hold the wrist band together.  It is easy to clip on, but getting off with one had is very difficult.  I have to pull very hard and nearly bruise my arm to release the button.  I have to cut off the button so I don't go crazy each time I wear it.", "I bought this as a x-mas present, she loved it!I am glad I chose this watch over other products", "The merge line of watches from nike are incredible.  The display is crystal clear, the backlight works perfectly, all the information you could want from a watch is here.  But really, the selling point here is the incredible graphics on the bands.  These things come in a ton of color combinations with an awesome variety of designs.  The bands are just wide enough and made of a cushiony (and very comfortable) material.  The only gripe I have is with the snap closure.  It's a bit tough to adjust on the band and feels like it might loosen up over time.  This was a gift for my girlfriend (who has only had one other watch she loved, a similarly designed Diesel) and she hasn't taken it off since she got it.  I was tempted to buck the system and buy myself a woman's watch, but it just wont fit a thick wrist.  C'mon nike, where's the men's line?", "Yes I do have to admit that the plastic face falls off. My first one fell off after 2years, and the second one 6months....However, it fit's so well. I use it for jogging and best of all it's good looking. I'm a big fan of this watch.", "Ordered as a Christmas present, didn't open shippment until I was ready to wrap.  Watch has no instructions for setting time or using functions, time was set (to a different time zone) and it looks like it has been in and out of the box several times.  I will not buy from this supplier again.", "The band on this watch snapped and there is no repairing it. I talked with my friends who had this watch and one of them said her band snapped 4 times in a year.  She's finally quit replacing them. You'd be better off buying one with a replaceable band, or at least one with less-brittle plastic.", "I've got more compliments on this watch and it's so comfortable you don't even know its on your arm.", "Exelente para hacer deporte, y muy comodo para utilizar, y dejar impactadas a las chicas!!!!!!!!!!!!", "This watch looked pretty impressive on the web site.  When I received it, it was much larger in size than I imagined.  This thing is huge.  It looked very gawdy on my wrist.  I though that the watch would have backlight for night viewing.  If it did, I could not get it to work.  I ended up returning this watch and am looking for something a little smaller.", "This model is actually the Nike Anvil, though it doesn't say that in the description.  I've owned many Nike watches over the past few years (mostly the Triax versions), and this watch has definitely turned into my favorite of them all.  It has all the features you would expect from a basic sporty timepiece: Chrono, Timer, 2 seperate alarms, 2 time zones, etc.  A couple of the cooler features I've found are the clock display that pops up right under the chronograph screen as it's running, letting you see the time of day during your run, swim or whatever, and the larger wriststrap and buckle since that seems to always be the first thing to wear out and break in half from my Triax watches...I don't see that being a problem with this one.  All in all a great buy; don't think you'll be disappointed at all.", "This watch is just beautiful, it looks so elegant you won't believe it until you have it on your wrist, its quality is amazing, when I ordered I had my doubts but it covered all of my expectations and more, my boyfriend can't leave home without it, no matter what he wears the watch gives him that extra something to complete any outfit. Best buy ever!!!", "Very satisfied with my new Nike watch.  It has great looks and great features.", "I bought it for a friend, and he liked it a lot.  He was amazed for the quality of the watch, and just loves it.", "this is a great watch, it had more features on it than were mentioned in the online details. It was as I expected it to be and more!The recipient of this item loves it, he hasn't taken it off since Christmas day apparently!! I'm in U.S., recipient in England and it was great to know that it was just what was wanted.", "This watch is a perfect durable, every day watch that has held up to water, construction work, and constant, every day wear and tear.  And it was just \"retro\" enough to gain compliments for the 1980's kickback.  If it had a calculator....watch out for the NERD ALERT!  GREAT PRODUCT!", "Gostei muito do relogio, vale a pena comprar...ainda mais pelo preco.Atenciosamente,", "This is a great watch. I gave it to my 14 year old son for Christmas. He loved it. It is very durable yet stylish for his active skateboard/basketball life.", "This is a very stylish and functional watch. It has a purposeful design and useful features for an active person. The display is good when one depresses the light, otherwise It can be difficult to see the numbers in poor light.", "I am so happy to get purchase this beautiful watch! There is only something wrong! the band material is veryyyy fragil so you have to take care of it everytime!", "This is not the first Nike Triax I have purchased through the years.  It is a comfortable, durable sports watch and great looking.", "I was unable to find this watch at first, but thru Amazon I was able to. Watch came in nicely packed and brand new condition. Great seller.", "It is smaller than its picture in the shopping display of amazon", "I was excited when I purchased this watch.  It's in my favorite color and seemed to offer everything I was looking for.  I wore it to work a few days and before I knew it, the band started to turn colors, as if I was wearing it while rolling around in the mud or something.  I am a very clean person and the notion of walking around with a dirty-looking watch is icky.  I tried to clean the band as soon as I noticed the greyish-greenish colors and low and behold, no product can remove any of it!!!  What kind of a watch is made where its band soils soooo readily and for no apparent reason and then cannot be washed!!?  I've NEVER owned anything quite like it!!!  I am sending this watch back!!  It should never have been sold!!!!", "All is great about the watch EXCEPT:1. The touchy buttons - you can \"blow\" on the buttons to change to chrono, alarm, etc... so naturally it gets frustrating to always have to move the setting back to time.2. At times the watch decides to cycle repeatedly through all the settings (chrono, time, alarm, etc..) and you only have to push the button on the side once.Overall, I wouldn't buy this watch again. 2 stars for style and shape.", "Love it!  Very comfortable, stylish and easy to read.  Get comments on it all the time.  Boght another one for my mom since she liked it so much.  Would like it more if it had a timer function in it.", "This is a nice watch.  It goes with everything and I have had a lot of nice compliments about it.The only thing that I don't like is that the glow light only lasts for 3 seconds.  This makes it very difficult to set the alarm on it in the dark.Other than that no complaints.", "While designing this system, Nike says that they continually asked themselves \"What doesn't it need?\" This is very obvious in the final result as you are not inundated with useless features and a confusing interface. I have been training with this system for several months now and am extremely impressed with the simplicity of the design. I also love uploading my run data and watching my progression. Seeing a visual representation of how I did enables me to make the necessary changes to my routine to stay on a path of continuous improvement. Now if they could only fit GPS in without adding another component or changing the size of the watch...", "A primitive heart rate monitor (HRM), as heart rate monitors seem to come these days.If you're looking for a simple HRM that can also time your runs (or swims, etc.) and would like to keep spending to a minimum, this product will probably suit you well, as it does me.One drawback, for those of you getting into some longer exercise times....When the timer on the watch gets above 1 hour, the watch no longer counts seconds (rounds to the nearest minute).  I'm not sure if other watches do this, but for some reason that annoyed me.", "This is a very basic heart rate monitor.  If you just want an 'entry level' monitor and don't want to spend alot of money on a fancy one with lots of bells and whistles, this is a good one to get.  Very easy to use.  I've used it swimming.  It works fine and is hardly noticeable under my suit.", "I purchased this basic Nike heart rate monitor from a major warehouse retailer, and although the documentation doesn't mention it, the included heart rate strap is compatible with exercise equipment that are marked \"Polar heart rate ready.\"  I use a variety of workout machines at the gym, and the exercise bikes and treadmill picked up my heart rate right away.  I only had problems getting the strap to communicate with a Life Fitness elliptical trainer, but I think that may be due to some missing component (perhaps a receiver) in the machine's control panel, because I found an empty compartment underneath it that houses RJ45 ports which could possibly serve as hookups for a plug-in module for the monitor.  Anyway, being able to see my heart rate on the exercise equipment is a nice feature, and the heart rate displayed on the machines was within 1-2 beats of the watch.I also took the heart rate monitor for a spin in the pool, and the electronics survived just fine though the documentation warns not to press the watch buttons under water.  The strap did have problems staying in place around my chest while swimming, so I probably won't use it in the water much in the future.Overall, I like this heart rate monitor.  It's pretty basic in terms of functionality compared to more costly models, but it looks good and does what it's designed to do.  I found that I was more motivated to push myself harder in order to keep my heart rate up during my workouts.  I don't mind that the watch can only show one value at a time (the time, chronometer, or heart rate), because with such a small display it would be difficult to see all the numbers if everything was crammed onto the tiny screen.  Also, the range is limited to within a few feet of my body, but I think that's a good thing because I wouldn't want to pick up a neighbor's heart rate in a crowded gym environment.The only feature I would like to see added is a backlight on the display, but that's a rather a minor complaint because I don't plan on using the watch as my primary time piece.  It's sufficient for gym use, so I don't need extra features that regular watches offer.  If you need advanced features like calorie count and min/max heart rate alerts, you may want to look at other models.", "The altimeter seems quite accurate and it does not seem to suffer from too much drift. There must be some kind of motion sensor built-in as it the watch would show no altitude gain/loss when left sitting on a table for 36 hours. The downside is that it seems to take the altimeter awhile to recognize that you are moving as it takes quite a few minutes to register any vertical gain.The biggest problem with the watch, and the reason I returned it, is that the watch face is unreadable with polarized sunglasses! In order to view the display while wearing polarized sunglasses you either have to extend your arm so that the display is 90 degrees from it's normal orientation (a very uncomfortable position) or peer over the glasses (not good if you are wearing prescription polarized sunglasses and need the glasses to read the display).The polarization issue seems to be because of the blue compass layer as a regular Oregon Alti was readable in any position.I wound up spending a bit more and got a Suunto Observer which has been a terrific watch!", "Altimeter is not accurate.  This algorithem to tell the difference between barometric and altitude pressure differences is just not possible.  This watch can be off by as much as 600-700 feet after a front comes though.  Otherwise is a pretty good watch.", "I purchased the watch for durability reasons, and it has provided great service. It is large, but I would recomend it to anyone who is an outdoor enthusiest and finds that they break many watches.", "I bought the Nike watch primarily for cycling because I wanted to know the temp and climbs while riding.  The watch is OK on both though often differs from published elevations; if you wait long enough it will eventually find its way to the right number.  Battery expires quickly--fortunately it's the simplest change of a CR2032 that I've ever seen.  Compass isn't very intuitive to use.", "PERSPECTIVE:  An endurance runner & cyclist that was looking for an inexpensive (&lt; $200) compass & altimeter watch that is durable, accurate, fashionable, and has the appropriate features for altimeter training in my sports.  When shopping for this watch, I also considered the Suunto Vector.PROS:+Durable Case: Hardened aluminum and mineral glass crystal take abuse well. (Vector has a plastic case and plastic crystal.)+Excellent band: Very durable and good ergonomics.  The band keeper is a particularly nice feature.+Chronograph stores up to 50 laps in any number of individual runs.  (Vector only stores one lap.)+Compass feature is convenient and accurate.+Chronograph stores the altitude of the end of each lap.  (Useful for recording bottoms and tops of hills.)+Weather feature shows the temperature, barometric pressure, and 12-hour trend graph.  Nicely done.+Timer feature has graphical representation of each segment (using the compass arrow LCD layer).+Seven alarms are useful and more than most people need.+Watch mode shows day and date.+Relatively inexpensive for an instrument with these features.  (If I bash it against a rock by accident, the loss is not that great.)+Altimeter feature shows a graph of the relative altitudes over the last two hours.CONS:-Altimeter accuracy is questionable, even when using it for relative measurement.  For example, altitude on a calm day will vary by up to 20 feet over an hour at the same location (for example, at the beginning and end of a run).-Chronograph feature does not record the accumulated and maximum altitude on a per-run basis.  The watch stores these values globally, so you need to remember to zero it out before the workout and check it (and remember it) right after your workout.-Chronograph feature has a fixed sampling interval for the altitude (2.5 minutes).  This might be acceptable for running, but is not acceptable for skiing or cycling.  An adjustable sampling interval when using the chronograph would be preferred.  The global altimeter function can adjust the sampling interval, but to utilize an interval other than 2.5 min, you must start the chronograph, then change modes to the altimeter and keep it there.  When you want to check your time, or record a lap, you need to switch between the altimeter and chronograph functions.  This is annoying.-No hourly chime available.-Chronograph mode shows either lap time OR total time.  Not a big deal, but Nike could have shown a combination of both as one of the selectable display options.-The documentation accompanying this watch lacks detail.  It should include more details on altimeter function (such as the algorithm used), at a minimum.  I find myself reverse-engineering the operation of the altimeter to help myself understand it.  This should not be necessary.", "If you have not seen this product in person, be prepared.  This is the size of a traditional woman's watch.  I am not sure what Nike considers \"midsize,\" but this does not seem to qualify as such in my book.  I immediately sent it back and had to eat the postage for returning it.  I had an Oregon that I liked very much and it fit perfectly.  I didn't realize that I had what Nike considers the \"super\" size of watches. Moral of the story, pictures don't lie per se, but they don't always show the truth.", "Have to echo the sentiments already here from Dan. I already own an Oregon which seemed to be exactly the same as this one. However, on arrival, it turned out to be very small. I should have checked the description as it does say it's only 28mm wide. Luckily it's for a 13 year old boy so it should suit him ok. If not I'm sure his mother will love it!Other than the very small size it's a nice watch. Does what it's supposed to and looks pretty good.", "I bought this watch for my husband at Christmas. Although the style is a bit more daring than his usual conservative preference, he likes the look. The size is large and looks good on a big person--could be overwhelming on a smaller wrist/arm. It is functioning well and easy to use.", "Very cool looking with big numbers I can see. Also shows the month and date which I like. Everytime I wear it people say \"wow\" cool watch what kind is it and where did you get it.", "Watch is great! I actually have the same one with a Brown band instead of a black. I get compliments on it all the time and it is a very cool time piece.The only issue I had was that I ordered EXPEDITED shipping and paid 17 dollars to get it to me in 1-3 buisness days. I wanted to have it for New Years Eve.It didnt show up until about 10 days after the date of purchase. However I was able to email the company and they responded promptly and then were able to refund my shipping costs.All in all it was a very good purchase, the problem with the shipping put a damper on things, but the refund of the shipping was great customer service.", "I received my new Nike Presto yesterday as a birthday gift from my best friend, and I adore it. The style is clean and super modern. What do I love the most? Well, I think polyurethane is my new favorite material. It is light, smooth, and futuristic (if that makes any sense). And I adore the cuff (no straps to mess with). It is a bit big for my too small wrist, but the cuff is secure enough that it works. I would highly recommend this for someone with a sporty, modern lifestyle, or someone who eschews the boring, conventional, leather/steel watch combo. Enjoy.", "I bought this watch back in 2003 when Nike was still making this watch and was selling it on their online store. I loved it when it came, its light weight, easy to use and very durable. heck mine still works and i didn't even had to change the batteries...too bad that this watch is just one big piece of rubber because my mine's ripped in half and there is no way to fix it anymore. But otherwise a very good watch. Nike pleaseee bring this watch back into production.", "I bought this watch for my daughter who is on college. She has very small wrists and after trying other cuff watches that didn't fit right I figured I would try this small \"kids\" size watch. She loves it and it fits great, It's a good watch if you have really small wrists and like cuff watches.", "I purchased this watch in October.After a few days, this watch was mailed to me, but it was alreadybroken.I sent it back to Amazon to get refund, but they did not do anything.I e-mailed and called them several times, but I did not get refund yet.", "I love this watch because it lights up when you press the stem & I can swim with it.  This is my third one only because I wear them so much the rubber grip on the cuff wears out.", "I am very pleased with my new Nike Triax Speed watch. It is as described and suitable for a woman's wrist. I would recommend this to others.", "I bought this watch to help me train for a triathlon. A month after I bought it the button to start and stop the stop watch broke; it is now nothing more than a watch to me, and I paid for a watch/stopwatch that could track several different laps. I will never purchase another Nike product, considering my experience with a pair of Nike running shows essentially going flat on me after only a year (they had air cushoning and it \"popped\").", "I love this watch.  My Mom has the analog version, I have the digital.  We both love our watches.  The option to light the display works extremely well in the middle of the night, and at the movies!  It's great!", "ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLY MADE GLASSES BY NIKE, I HONESTLY HAVE THESE AWAY TO A KID THE FOLLOWING DAY BECAUSE ANY ADULT WOULD NOT WEAR SOMETHING SO CHEAPLY MADE!!!!", "a casual watch good for jeans and just to go out. Then plastic wrist sometomes would bother you a little and I thought it was a bigger model", "I bought this watch for my 7 year old son about 8 months ago. He has beaten it up pretty good and it still works great. The crystal has held up very well considering the way he treats the watch. He swims with the watch every week and showers with it on....so far it is living up to its claim of being water resistant! The things my son liked most about the watch was that it was made by Nike, it glowed in the dark, and he really liked the unique shape of the watch itself.", "Battery simply died even before 1 year after the purchase. not sure whether it's been sitting on the shelf for too long...", "It was very difficult to find a retailer that offered youth Nike watches.  I appreciate the analog design, so it keeps kids from becoming lazy.  My son loves it.  It really looks great!!!", "Bought this for my 12 yr old son bc we were goong on a cruise and he needed to keep up with time. He loves it and wears it every day. Good quality.", "This watch is full of \"extra features\" and boys love that.  Today in P.E. they timed the other boys running laps.  At night in their bunks they can push an illumination button to see the time.  This is a cool watch in their opinion.", "Stocking stuffer for my oldest.  I am surprised by how much he wears this, it's a great little watch, the Velcro wristband is perfect for kids with tiny wrist.  No complaints.", "This is not a cheap watch, yet it didn't come with instructions, a box...nothing.  It feels and looks cheap.  Going back.  Don't bother with this one.", "I bought this watch for my daughter (who is pleased with it), having bought the same one in red and black for my 10 year old son.  The lavender band is more a pale pink and has discoloured to a grubby unpleasant colour in only 2 months.  Apart from that it is fine.The red and black model has held its colour very well but the glass over the face is not as resilient as it might be for a 10 year old boy and is very badly scratched after 6 months of daily use.  We are happy with the watches over all but they are perhaps not quite as \"tough\" and child resistant as I had hoped.", "As a matter of fact I purchased this and the Nike Gorge watch for my 9 yr old Twins.  I was disapointed that there was only one of these in stock.Unfortunately my Twins did not fight over this watch, they liked the other one because it has alot more features.  This watch has no \"extras\" such as stop watch, illumination and etc.I think it is adorable and would be pleasant for a younger age.", "Bought this as a gift for my preteen daughter.  She loves it.  It is almost too small though, it would have been helpful to have the length given in the description.", "I love these watches these watches awesome.  It's too bad that Nike discontinued these I'm not sure why.  I'm pretty sure these were selling like hotcakes.  I guarantee if place these watches back on the market. They will sell out in a Matter of days. Great Watch recommended to anyone Very sporty.", "I usually use it and it's great! It's very light and it's closes in a manner that is very secure", "For a men's watch, I was rather disappointed. The watch is about the width of an average woman's watch. The wrist strap is small; the band is thinner than the width of my smallest finger. I'm 5ft 11inches tall and I have an average man's wrist. This watch is so small, I'm on the last notch.The wriststrap is the smallest of any of the Nike watches I ever owned. I would strongly advise you to get the midsize 100 version if you are looking for a normal man's watch. I was sorely disappointed.The lighting is subpar and not terribly bright. For some reason, nike decided to reverse the lighting, causing the watch face to go dimmer.I had high expectations since this is my second nike watch. I also felt disappointed that Nike abandoned the coin-open battery cover design on their earlier models to go for a decidedly clumsier micro screw panel.It's a huge step backward.", "I'm an Arsenal fc fan and what a way to support my team!!!  Nice watch..Very stylish and sporty!!!  Like the fact that it has both day and date dials as well.  My only issue is that the face plate is purple but no big deal!!!", "When my husband put this watch on we couldn't figure out how he was supposed to read the watch!  It was so weird!  If you are right handed you might be able to see this watch a bit better, but the strange angle of the dial face is still a bit tough.", "They delivered promptly and it is exactly what my granddaughter wanted. Thank you for the good service.", "My kids loved this backpack.  Plenty of room, stylish, durable, and meets the clear or mesh backpack requirement imposed by their school.", "I bought this watch to wear everyday and to use at the gym.  It works great, looks nice, and I love the two time zone feature since I travel to the East coast a lot for work.  Overall I highly recomend it.", "Have not tried switching the lenses out -- but love the design and fit -- not too tight in the temples like many other sunglasses -- flexible, my son can't seem to break 'em. Had one pair run over, bought a second pair right away. Highly recommend!", "Great spacious bag with room for all you need easy to handle and gets great attention from other can also be used as a sports bag.", "Great for workout, however, when exercising heavily, they do get soaked quickly.Also, it takes a while to stretch them out.Great service, on time, no problems.", "I play freshman football and I needed something to add to my uniform. These were perfect. The color is deep and the logo is clear you can't go wrong with these wristbands.They hold up and look great. You can use them to wipe away sweat and they help support your wrists. After a undefeated season these have become my lucky wristbands.", "Cute for spring and comfortable. Like with all my tennis shoes I buy 1/2 size up! Love them so! Yay!", "Because the look and feel of the sneakers are awesome. It's a perfect fit and it has support for my feet", "I bought these as a gift, and they were awesome. they came in a nike box and everything so you would have never guessed that i bought them on amazon. it was cool!", "I got these shoes for everyday use. They fit good the only thing is they are a little narrow. These shoes are very well made", "I bought these for my son and he loves them.  He said that that r very comfortable.  He said he wears them all the time.  He said that they look great.", "not a bad entry level running shoe. good for a narrower foot like mine but i still got the m (standard) width.", "I wear a size 10.5&#34; shoe, ordered these in 10.5&#34;, and they fit perfectly.Nike makes their insoles a bit different than other companies though, the arch support is more in the outside of the arch rather than in the middle, which works fine for me, but some people might need a more centered arch support. I run with a heel-to-toe stride and these absorb impact, and rolls nicely off the ball of my foot. These aren't life changing shoes or anything, but they work great for casual runners such as myself. I've already put 27 miles on them and they are holding well.", "this shoes are so soft it feel like your not even wearing any shoes, right now it`s a 5 stars, let`s see how much they last", "Shoe is good and seems to fit well.  Have used it some for parkouring.  Like the stylish look of the black and blue color.", "fits perfectly even though I have slightly high arches and not exactly narrow feet. The materials are good quality and overall you hardly feel any weight on your feet. The heel part of the sole is designed interestingly, it accommodates a slightly angles heel stride which is great for running. Just feels a little odd when you first put them on. Maybe it's a standard thing with running shoes. I just wasn't used to it but it feel just right when you are out and running. Nothing pokes my foot inside in any way, nothing rubs uncomfortably. Perfect shoe for me.", "This shoe is very light and comfortable. I normally wear a size 13 and ordered a 13--the shoe fits perfectly.", "As always this shoes were what I was expecting, very confortable and very good quality too. Another thing that I ike is that they are very ligth for running.", "todo bien  el producto esta bien, llego en excelentes condiciones. . . . . . . . . . . .", "I give this classification because it meets my expectations.I like the design and color is one of the things that attracted me to this model.Recommend the lightest running shoe.", "I bought these for my boyfriend who usually wears an 11.5 in Nikes.  These were a whole size too large, had to return them for a 10.5.  Great quality, just runs a bit big.", "These are, naturally, a good quality shoe, coming from Nike. They fit true to size and are very comfortable. A great but.", "My toe is not fitting into it and I had trouble in fitting my leg into the shoe while wearng", "My husband loves them, they are not heavy, he use to wear the old school shoes that were too heavy, he even wore these to church.", "I alredy had an idea of the type of athletic shoes I wanted,  I know what size Nikes fit me, so that is not a problem.I am constantly being Emailed by 3 shoe companys, but what is on deal to me price-wise, is no deal.On a whim, I went on-line to Amazon and found several styles I liked, at the prices I liked.The \"good\" pair I was wearing were white. (not good for winter mess.)  So I wanted black.I like this syle and the price that was offered, so I went ahead and ordered them.I was happy when they showed up a day before I was given as the delivery date!(Some how, I ripped the sole loose on my other's the day the new ones were delivered!These are not only comortable, thaey are light.  It's like wearing slippers.", "When I recieved this item one of the silver lace loops (Which you can see in the picture) was ripped. I am sending the item back for a refund. This is why I don't like shopping online.", "So cutteFit as expectedso good for trainingit was the best one that i got right now :)", "They feel wonderful and almost fit great then found out that I had a pair that was a return. But they were super nice on getting me a new pair that no one wore already, when I open the box and put them on I was like &#34;oh man someone worn these already!!!&#34; But when I get in hold of the people I swear they helped me on everything and even apologized for the simple fact of me throwing away the return shipping paper and box. I felt confident to buy another pair and tell people of these guy.", "These sneakers are for my son. They are exactly what I expected from Nike. Very Good!, No complaints at all!", "Fits great and comfortable!! Best show out of the box I have worn in a while. NO special insole needed. Fits better than the other pair I bought Nike Men's NIKE DUAL FUSION RUN RUNNING SHOES", "The item arrived on time. It possesses all the features provided by the seller and as shown in the picture. The shoes are of quality as the brand behind it.", "Great shoe for the price and name brand. These shoes breath with the cloth material on the top of the shoe. I love them.", "Ordered these for my husband who does his share of walking at work, he has been wearing them everyday for going on 2 weeks now. He has said how co by they are and that his back has not hurt since the second or third day of wearing them only.", "Excellent product. I recommend the product arrived as expected. Good quality and 100% original, Thanks.! I hope to soon buy other shoes.", "In my opinion, Nike fits more NARROW than other athletic shoes. I always have to buy a half size larger in a Nike shoe than I buy in other athletic shoes. I'm female and my foot is a C width; the average female foot is a B width. These shoes, the Downshifter 5 Running shoe, I purchased for my son. His foot is an average man's width and he loves how these shoes fit and they way the wear. He is very happy with the tread and he says they are great for &#34;just wearing&#34; and also for running. He's very pleased with these shoes.", "I'm not a great fan of Nike running show, when I bought them it was a risk. I have to tell you I bought them based on looks. The next thing I have to mention is that I am flat footed, so there are very few shoes I can wear beyond an hour. So for all of my flat footed bros and sis' s - this is a very good shoe for your condition. I will buy a second pair - size 13.", "Love the sneekers.. Very nice when walking long distance and running. Not heavy at all, light and very soft on your feet.", "This Nike watch is the coolest and my most favorite watch I have in my collection. I get comments all the time about it. In Australia particularly Adelaide we just don't have a great a choice when it comes to buying things. That's why I decided to buy this watch online and I have no regrets. The style of the watch is unique and very modern. The colours and the materials go well together. The embossed floral pattern on the watch complements the modern style and gives it an 'olde worlde' element to it. The colour of the watch is great too the blue shade is not too bright or dark and goes well with most colours.", "The watch has an awsome interface w/ some very cool graphics. The clasp is a little hard to adjust and it lacks a decent set of instructions but other than that the watch is very nice. The screen has some cool transition sequences from time to chrono and stuff. The thickness of the watch casing is about 1/3-1/2'' so make sure you are comfortable wearing a watch that will be slightly elevated from your wrist. I highly recommend this watch, major style points, it receives compliments from people all the time.", "It's very poor watch. It has a horrible red button (and they don't show it in the picture). It looks nicer in the website.", "This is a \"must have\" item in my gym bag. It is so important to me to know my heart rate and number of calories burned after each workout. Sometimes, when i see that my HR is not at 140, it motivates me to work a little harder to get it up there. When I forget it at home I always have a less intense workout because of the lack of info. It is important to get your heart rate up to a certain level to see results. I keep going until i get to my goal of 300 calories most days and that can take up to 40 minutes but having a way to keep track of it is priceless.", "After several false starts with other HRMs I found the Imara through \"My Amazon\". I'm technically inept and this was the only HRM that I could set and use by myself. When I run with a large group there's no problem with \"cross talk\". Beauty! The back light function helps at night.I do like the larger and slanted face of the other Nike products, this one could use that as well. The strap is no bother, just tuck it under the lip of the sports bra.", "The watch is what I expected to be. It works perfectly and it looks great too. The two timers work to an advantage too.", "Th watch is snazzy looking but the digital numbers are silver and very difficult to see when you are running out in the sun.", "I ordered this watch for my Christmas present after sending back another cheaper brand which broke after a week. I needed something with rubber or plastic strap because my skin reacts badly to other metal straps. Trying to find a watch that was stylish and had a rubber / plastic strap was not easy. I'm not a fan of big sports watches. This one has been great so far (I've had it less than a month) and I love how it looks. It's comfortable and trendy and I have no complaints so far.", "My wife only had this watch a few months before it started telling the wrong time. She had to take it into a watch repair shop and replace/fix some parts. A few months after that the strap broke! Never buying another Nike watch! They can do shoes, but that's about it.FYI, She does like the design so super glued the strap and she still wears this watch. This is why it gets 2 stars.", "I love this watch! For so long I have been looking for a casual, sleek digital watch, and I finally found it! It's perfect! I am very happy with my purchase! It's just what I wanted. It really is a gorgeous watch", "The watch was actually a slightly different color than I originally thought... but I liked it better.  It's kind of a \"chocolate\" color.  Easy to use, and I get tons of compliments on it.  I originally just bought it to use at the gym, but it really works great as an everyday use watch (especially if you have kids).  Would definitely buy again.", "it's kind confusing to adjust the time and date at first, but overall it is a good simple watch.", "This watch is described as  \"women's\", but it is the exact same watch that is billed as \"men's\".  It's way too large for a woman's wrist!", "This watch was a gift for my daughter.  She seems to enjoy it.", "As a personal trainer, and one who works out regularly utilizing heart rate zones-  I would highly recommend the Nike Imara Heart Rate Monitor Watch.  It fits comfortably on the wrist, looks cute (which doesn't hurt), has a very easy to read display- and most importantly, reads heart rate effectively.  I'm also very impressed on how much abuse it can take (slamming into weights, being submerged in water, accidental banging, etc.).  Overall, I enjoy owning this watch and using it on a daily basis.", "Order these shoes for my son on January 28th and received today January 31st.coming from Taiwan. My son was not expecting these shoes until sometime in March he will be so happy when he gets home! The shoes look great! Thank you!", "TheyAreCofterbleAndNiceGoodGripAnd lookGreatKevenGarrantIs awesomeBecause he madeAwesomeShoe,,", "I bought these shoes as a team basketball shoe for my son - needless to say he gets compliments every time he wears them!! This was a great purchase - thanks!!", "My son loves the shoes! Though we ordered them a bit too big....he still loves them and gets plenty of compliments! Shipping was SPEEDY! Pleased with order!", "This fit me so good, and really really good to wear it when you are playing basketball.Say sure will come back and shop again.", "The watch is definitely a quality item, but it was too large for my wrist, in fact it was very uncomfortable for me to wear, so I returned it.", "This is an excellent, sturdy, easy to use watch.  Much improved over an older Nike watch I had that just stopped working.  Easy to use each function, easy to set timers, time, etc., and easy to clasp one-handed.  Nice feature my old watch didn't have is the shutdown, sleep timer.  You can set it to automatically sleep after 3-24 hours.  Since I only use the watch for my workout, it auto-sleeps three hours after I finish and turns back on by just pressing any button the next time I need it...helps conserve battery life...you can also turn off all beeps and backlighting to also conserve battery life. Sturdy stainless buttons are nice, too...they feel more sturdy than the plasticy-rubber ones on the old watch I had.Overall, great watch and for the price it's a pretty good deal.", "Beautiful product but had to take it to have the batterie(s) changed because it didn't work.  Thankfully it works now because I do love it!!", "This watch is really quite small.  I have to use the second to last hole on the band and I am not a large woman.  If I use to last hole, the band isn't flush. To return the watch I will have to pay a $10 restocking fee as well as a shipping fee.  I haven't decided if I'm going to keep it yet.Also the color is not what we expected.  Overall I am a little disappointed.", "I receive the product in red ... iwa sexpecting rose. but it was on time and perfect conditions. SO i kept it", "LO COMPRE PARA MI HIJA HACE UN UNOS TRES MESES. CUANDO LLEGO EL RELOJ .AL APRETAR EL PRIMER BOTON SALTO HACIA FUERA DESPRENDIENDOSE ... TUVE QUE LLEVAR A UN RELOJERO QUE LO VUELVA A COLOCAR Y A AJUSTA POR DENTRO TODOS LOS DEMAS BOTONES DEL RELOJ PARA QUE CUANDO MI HIJA LO USE NO ME ACUSE DE HABERLE COMPRADO UN NIKE QUE PARECIA TRUCHO...OK ELLA ESTA CONFORME CON EL MISMO SIN ENVARGO YO HE NOTADO QUE EL RELOJ DESPUES DE UNOS MESES DE USO HOY ESTA RAYADO POR DONDE LE MIRES ES UN PLASTICO COMUN.... BUENO NO QUE ESPERO POR UN RELOJ DE PRECIO TAN BAJO... PERO COMO ERA UN NIKE ESPERABA ALGO MEJOR.", "I bought three watches.I didn't receive the watches that I assumed I would have. The ones showed on the picture are gray color, and the ones I received are pink.Later, one of them just failed.", "I also received a black and pink watch for my son's birthday and am sending it back. After contacting the seller they advised me that the misrepresentative picture is not their fault and that Amazon should change it.", "I bought it for my wife, although it is target for kids, it fits perfectly in her wrist, and could be \"2 wrist holes\" bigger that will still fits, but for a man (not kid)it is small. As it is a Nike watch is very well done, very beautifull and she uses to swim with it, until now, no problems.", "This watch is the greatest. I use it every day for swimming laps and it's always reliable. Very comfortable to wear. PLUS - battery needed changing after a year, and Nike did it for no charge, and returned my watch looking just like new! Can't beat that service!!!", "I bought this watch for my boyfriend as a gift.  In the 6 months since he has received it, both arms have been pulled off from the watch face.  I do not suggest this watch not necessarily because of the poor quality, but the cost.  It can be expected that watches, especially plastic and rubber ones would break in this way, but one should not expect this from nike, or for the price paid.  I'd suggest ironman for a good sturdy watch, or if nike is your thing, get a watch that does not have the separate piece arms.", "Pro: The watch has great functions like a special timer for interval training and the nike special function that turns the watch to a hibernate mode after a selected amount of time to extend battery life.  Looks tough and rugged, except for the color (pink and purple, yes that is what color it is).Con: Ya, it doesn't look like it on the site, but when my wife opened the box she asked why I bought a pink and purple watch.  The next day someone at work asked the same thing, I haven't worn it since.  It is also very uncomfortable to wear with anything with long sleeves, especially with a jacket.  The watch has a sticky rubber finish which makes it grab cloth.  I wouldn't recommend it.  Also, the restocking fee for returning it was like %35 so I'm just going to sell it online as used.", "This is a nice watch with a lot of functions. I purchased it because it has 2 alarms, although the am/pm is hard to read. Thank goodness setting it is somewhat intuitive because the directions included are useless. The watch is bulkier than I thought it would be, but it looks cool on my wrist, and it's growing on me. I know it will be very useful with the functions and the light that comes on when you press a button. I'm pretty sure that this watch can do more than I understand so far, but I don't regret my purchase. I deducted 2 stars for the lack of directions.", "I just love this Nike watch! It is comfortable and very fashionable for a digital watch. The large numbers make it easy to see the time. I like that it is water-proof, and stopwatch feature is very useful. I would highly recommend it.", "These are my favorite pair of shoes I have ever and probably will ever own.  They are comfortable and stylish and can be worn with casual jeans and tee shirts or even leggings and a cute sweater! I LOVE THEM", "This is a great shoe. Very comfortable and not to wide like the other 9.5 air force's I own.  &#34;Gut em an swicth the laces&#34;", "This watch is medium in size and fits my medium size wrist perfectly; however, the instructions on how to set it suck!", "this watch is a good watch at a good price. the only  problem  had was it is not adjustable so make sure you order the correct size", "i loved the way this watch looked on my wrist.  The only problem was that it broke one morning while i was putting it on.  I work in the food industry so it was great when i needed something that could just be washed off.", "Since I did lasik not too long ago, i desperate need a good sunglasses that has polarized, it help protect harsh sunlight much more than uv would.  it gave warmer color while uv only usually gave out cooler color.  The glasses is pretty good design, look like is durable would last from a drop.  Probably fit better for people with bigger noise but is suitable for me.  I like the nike logo in both side is more v shape alike design, it comes with platic case and a cloth bag, however no OEM box, but look like new and genuire, is cost less than half from retail so i don't complain.", "The fit was ok.  The plastic looked a bit cheap. But was soft enough not to make blisters. But could have just been a really good fit.", "I bought this for my boyfriend who lives in California - a cool gift for long distance relationships. He's a runner so it strikes a good balance between sporty and casual. It was bigger than I realized but then again I'm not used to buying men's watches and several friends said it was normal to be that big. I'm not sure how he'll like the suede type band but I didn't find any with metal bands either. He loved it and my friends thought it was a great gift idea.", "I must say, delivery was speedy and reliable. The tracking updates were a little disheartening but the results were rewarding. I would definitely buy more stuff again through Amazons impeccable online shopping services. WAY TO GO CHELSEA!!!", "Excellent having the easy/hard interval timer.Don't like having to hold button so long to reset stopwatch.Taking on a little water behind the screen, will need to send back to Nike.Comfortable for surfing without a wetsuit (large size would interfere with wetsuit).I'd like to know if there's a better model that has a similar interval timer and is just as easy to read.", "This is a great looking watch. Keeps accurate time and very easy to use. I love how you can see the time while running and the timer is counting. Glad I made this purchase.", "Zapatos de excelente calidad y originales, el envio a Venezuela fue muy rapido, 100% confiable el vendedor, amazon pagina de Gran responsabilidad", "The ordering process was flawless. I ordered it to arrive a couple of days before Christmas and got email notifications throughout the shipping process. This shoe was purchased as a Christmas gift and it has been worn every day since then. It is the most comfortable shoe the receiver has worn in the recent past.", "have been wearing Asics 2xxx models for about 8 years, and finally broke the  trend with the AST10+, Nike and Apple got me with the Nike/iPod+ and I didnt  really like velcroing the sensor to the tongue of my asics, but they had the support in the shoe.  now NIKE finally makes a Nike+ WITH INNER FOOT SUPPORT AND CUSHIONING in the FOREFOOT. so far so good.  Lets get moving....", "This is a fantastic running shoe for the pronator.  It is stable and I don't have to wear my orthotics when I run in them.  I am a medium mileage runner and weigh 155lbs.", "The watch is just as advertised. It seems a little lacking when one considers weight and construction. Is exactly what my daughter wanted for her job.", "Like the watch and the shape is very comfortable, however reading the face is some what difficult, not because it is small as this is not the case, just really hard to see. I think the glass is too thick", "In my many years of experience of buying Nike brand shoes these are a great, everyday shoe to purchase.  I would recommend them!", "They sent me the wrong shoes. This isn't a minor mistake, because I ordered grey shoes with white nike symbols. Instead they sent me Navy blue shoes with a red Nike symbol! WTF?!?!", "I just got these and the color is great and i really like the design. These shoes make it feel like you are wearing socks and it is amazing. The shoes have a lot of cushion but also have support. I would  definitely recommend them.", "These are incredibly comfortable and light. The upper is a very thin mesh material that breathes well, and the bottom is a very cushy foam type of material. The sole is a squishy ridged material that is incredibly supportive. It's like walking on a big squishy piece of memory foam, or walking on a cloud. I've worn other cushioned running shoes and they were nowhere near as comfortable as this. These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn, and I'm quite picky as I have very flat feet. Definitely recommend these. I'm not the biggest fan of the styling, but they're still pretty good looking shoes.", "They are light, comfortable and true to size.  They go well with jeans or just about anything else casual you wear.  Might have to look for another pair in a different color for variety.", "Shipping came earlier than expected.  The shoe itself is what I wanted right now.  Something simple, not flashy and most of all very comfortable.  I still need to break them in.  I tried these out at the mall before ordering online.  Glad I did because I had to order a half size down.  Very light weight shoe.  I don't plan on running with these.  It'll just be my every day, go to the groceries type of shoe.  I'm not a shoe collector at all or follow new trends. I just wanted something with quality and be comfortable , and Roshe is what I was looking for right now.", "i heard these kicks jumped up in price due to a very limited amount being made. coped them for 114$ on ebay. clean kicks", "I bought these for my daughter, who is away at school.  She had wanted these shoes because she heard they were solid & supportive while being light at the same time.  She could not be happier!", "Ordered for my son & he loved it. Wore it on XMAS day.  He specifically wanted this brand of shoe because of how comfy", "Thank you  Thank you Thank you... I haven't gave them to my husband yet.. so hopefully they fit.. But I love them... and the price was right!!", "I bought these in the mall....70 bucks ( I checked several well known athletic shoe stores) checked on Amazon to pick up a other pair thinking they would be similarity priced. NOPE!However if you are looking for a great shoe boy howdy this is it....very comfortable lots of cushioning and breathable.", "I'm confused.  The photos display a pair of shoes, the product description says vest/shirt.  Which one is it?  Please fix.  :)", "Got this for someone for christmas. Had looked in many stores for similar items and all were higher priced. Very happy with this purchase.", "I have worn 5 of these watches in both the medium and large sizes, and a bunch of colors. I love them. They work, and last for a good long time, yet are inexpensive and fairly durable - even though I am very hard on watches. I will concede I have small wrists, so they may not be appropriate for anyone who has a large wrist, but they are terrific bargains given how well they work, and the cost. Love Love Love. Now if only Nike would consider making them again, I would be a permanent customer. They are currently discontinued.", "The item I purchased was excelent.  I just didn't expect the face to be so large.  The picture does not give a very good image of what the watches size is.  I think an additional view from the watch on its side would be helpful.", "I bought a pair of these shoes while shoping for a high top skate shoe. I was very happy at first. The reason I am writing this review is after only a few months of mostly weekend wear, they now make a squeak noise everytime I take a step. I am unhappy because they make me feel like a clown from a Pink Panther episode. Good try Nike, the stars are for looks, comfort, and grippy soles. The lack of stars are for the rapid decline in quality and need to replace before they are worn out.", "I really like this watch, looks very nice for a sports watch. I love the analog hands give it a bit of style. Only a simple stop watch but works great. A little bulky for my small wrists but i still like it a lot.", "This is the second time I've purchased this watch for my husband who seems to lose them a lot on the golf course. But I love it! And highly recommend it.UPDATE: This watch and many other Nike watches I have purchased since then have broken quickly. I will never buy another Nike watch. We are 0/4 with them lasting more than a year.", "It's a very nice sport watch, and for the price you can't get better than that. I use for soccer games and to keep my time running. And i also get a lot of compliments for the design.", "I was very excited when reading the profile for this item...just like new!! When I received it, it was everything that was expected except that water got into the watch 2 months afterwards and it stopped working which led me to believe that probably it was opened up some time before!! This buy was truly disappointing. I will never buy a product that is not new again!! I contacted the seller who first told me to change the battery and then advised to send it back but when I informed them that I was out of the country and could only return it when I got back I received no more feedback from the seller!!!", "I got the correct shoe size, and they're pretty comfortable just have to break them in and them I'm set.", "If you know sneakers, you know AF-1. This is, in my opinion, the sneaker of perfection. Very comfortable, light and perfectly balanced. I am extremely happy with this purchase.", "I've been wearing these for over a year. Comfortable and they look great. When these wear out I will buy another pair.", "I use these shoes for work. They fit well and give good support. My only compliant is the shoe laces do not stayed tied all the times.", "Classic staple shoe for any young man's casual outfit.  Black air forces go with everything, from the club, to hanging out.  Not for job interviews though, lol.", "Very comfortable, the only problem i have with them (other then that they get dirty so easily) is that they are very heavy and it feels like I am walking on blocks of wood. Also around the toe of the shoes the leather wrinkles up and i cant do anything to fix it!!", "This was my 3rd pair of this particular slide on sandal.  I go through about 1 pair a year with frequent (at least an hour a day) or wear.  Due to an ankle injury I simply can not go without some form of footwear, even at home at the end of the day.  These slides are my &#34;house shoes&#34; on top of being my favorite thing to grab to just dash out of the house in a hurry.  They are comfortable, easy to clean, and comfortable.  I'll be buying another pair when these finally wear out.", "wow these are great slip on sandals. arch support, cushion and durability. These are simply SUPER SUMMER SLIP-ON SANDALS! WOOT!", "C&oacute;modas, como lo publican en la web, muy satisfecho. Me llegaron a tiempo y las estoy disfrutando desde el momento que las recib&iacute;.", "My son had been looking unsuccessfully for this pair of sandals to replace the pair he previously wore.  I found them on Amazon and they were exactly what he wanted.  Fit is great and they were delivered in a very timely manner.", "This is a pre-review concerning my search for cheap, sturdy non-slip sandals. I expect the Nike First-String Slides to arrive in a few days and will follow-up with some hands-on, foots-on results in a few weeks. Spent three hours scouring the thousands of listings here and elsewhere for my $25 or under sandals...time not wasted since I now have a list of preferred products to try. Previously, have used the $19 Okabashi Euro with mixed results. First thing to note is their sizing recomendations, at least for that model, run a little large. Have posted a sep.review on that page.Most of the slip-on sandals in the $15-$30 price range, the enclosed-top type, are not that well made. The Okabashis mentioned, for example, were great four years ago. Since then, they have used a cheaper plastic compound, the things lasting half as long as prev before straps crack/break. I picked the Nike this time because it appears to cup the foot snugly (bad ankle), has what appears to be a decent non-slip sole and looks to be somewhat durable. A previous reviewer found these sandals to be uncomfortable but, by appearance, they will be what I need at a good price. If these don't work out, will spend $30 for an adjustable top-strap type, probably from Adidas or New Balance, IF I can find a model dark enough to obscure those moronic color blazes and checkmarks. I had to assign a rating for this, so starting with a four-star pending a proper review (below).Feb10 follow-up:  Received the sandals as ordered, correct color, size. The seller, ASBY SPORTS/PENTAKIC was fine. The sandal design/matl's were not. Though they look nice, fit well and were comfortable for my one-time carpet-walk, they have one fatal flaw, described below. As for size, the size 10 was good for me. I have close to a size 11 foot. For a guy with size-10 feet, these size 10's would be a little loose. The problem I found, obvious on opening the box, was that the sandal is molded from one piece of extremely lightweight plastic with a shiny, slippery-smooth sole. One reason I ordered these sandals was the claim on the JC Penney website, \"injection molded Phylon sole for great durability and traction.\" Traction? All I can say about this is that anyone wearing these things on damp kitchen or bathroom tiles, or around a swimming pool, will slip and fall within ten microseconds of stepping on the wet surface. The only reason I'm rating these suicide-slides two-stars rather than one is that they would be okay in Arizona or any other bone-dry climate and they are nicely designed aside from the slippery soles.", "sturdy and handy sandal for summer wear and around the pool or in the yard. I have had these for several months and they seem like they will last a long time.", "Very lite fits well. Its a good comfort after a long day kicking off the boots in the evening. Nice and cool", "These sandals are very comfortable and are easy to keep clean, you can just spray them off.  We use them as household slippers just wear them with socks.", "Bueno los zapatos me parecen algo comodos pero un poco poblematicos al momento de ponerse ya que el espacio para meter el pie es muy estrecho por muchas seguridades que tiene el zapato, el producto me llego dentro de los tiempos estimados bien enbalado. Su dise&ntilde;o y sus colores son muy bonitos.", "I bought around one month and It's like old one, so dirty no good please change for me that watch", "Unfortunately, the present design is not as slick as this one. Too bad it is not available anymore...Although triax (fury, to be specific) is still my favorite line :o)", "WELL, I'M A PRETTY UNCONFORM BECAUSE THE WATCH CAMES WITH BATTERY DISCHARGED, BUT HOWEVER I LOVE THIS WATCH....", "It says midsized which is supposed to be for men or women considering the \"full\" size is rediculouslly oversized but this watch is definately a girl's watch. guys the face of this watch is our size type but the band for this watch is definately female. Cool design but the full size is too big and bulky and this is clearly mislabeled as being able to cross gender barriers....its a girl's watch. I returned it for a refund due to it not being as described on the website.", "If you want a really sporty watch, go for it.I returned it. From the picture it seemed to have a sporty/sleek aspect, more like the current Nike Presto watches( which I ended up purchasing).  Beware, it is way more sporty than sleek or fashionable.  The red is not as lusterous as online, the band looks like cheap rubber, and the face is extremely long.  I'm 5'10\", and the face stretched completely across my wrist!The features seemed cool, lots to program and a backlight. Overall a get-er-done  watch if you like that sort of thing. Just be prepared for it to look less brethtaking than online.", "This is my 3rd one. It has all the features you need and conforms to your wrist like a glove.", "I had a nike imara watch in the past. It was my favorite watch, until it broke- I bought this product to replace it. Unfortunately the seller shipped me the wrong watch- the color around the watch face was the same as the band. To be plain, the watch was ugly. The color was brighter than the photo online led me to believe. Also, the watch looked junky- not like I had paid $50 for it. I would never have worn this watch, even though I loved my old nike imara watch dearly. I hated it so much that I sent it back (and I never send things back). Thankfully the seller was accommodating in my return (although his English was shaky), but it took longer than I expected for me to get my money back. Not the best experience I've had on amazon.", "True to size. I bought these for my 17 yr old son for a gift and he loved them! Quality product for half the price they are in the malls m", "Love these! Where them a lot! They look great and fit really well!made very well and durable! I highly recommend!", "These boots are terrible! Yes they are stylish and comfortable but they are not waterproof what so ever. First day I wore them in the snow my feet were soaked within 10 minutes! I would not recommend these to anyone looking for a quality boot to wear in the winter time.", "I decided to stick with Nike after my 5 year old pair of a similar sandal started to break apart (now used as my gym shower shoes), and chose these sandals.They are nice, especially now after breaking them in for a few months.  It's tough to beat the price as well.  My lack of 5 stars is due to the tightness of the padded upper initially.  After using my old sandals for so long, I was very used to being able to casually throw them on and walk out the door.  However these were too tight for the first couple of weeks, and after one day my feet were very tender on top due to the padding.  I don't have particularly large feet, so I imagine this would be a problem with other sizes as well.Overall though, these are great casual sandals to wear just about anywhere.  Traction is good, though I would expect that to wear away with further use in future years.", "Bought this as a gift for my boyfriend; he loves them! One of the few slide-on athletic sandals that doesn't crack and break so easily. Great product", "I bought these as a gift for my mom. When I first purchased them the picture of the sandal was of a black Nike slide, but when I got the shoe it was a grey one. I actually liked the grey one much better as these were for my mom. I bought her a 7.5 and they fit perfect. I know these say Mens, however they fit perfect for a women.", "Tight across the arches. Will hopefully stretch with time. Otherwise, they have very good construction, look and feel. They look sharp.", "Slippery. Tight. Very uncomfortable shoe. Not adjustable either so I'm just screwed. Should've paid closer attention to the product description. I guess if you have tiny narrow feet these would be ok, but I think with them being unadjustable, it would be difficult for them to fit well!", "I ordered the Nike sandals for my teenage son. The price was great compared to buying local. The sizing was as expected, he was very happy with them.", "They run small in size. I ordered a size 10 for my Husband, (since he wore out his other Nike slides during his deployment to Afghanistan) but he could not get his feet in them. Rather than send them back, I just gave them to my Father in Law, & purchased my Husband some new Nike slides from Finish Line online.", "These sandals are Very comfortable yet durable.  Great sandal at a great value!  My husband loved them. I highly recommend them", "the sandals fit great. But, wrong size. Ineed a 12 size to fit me.  the 16 is longer than i need them to be. I will keep them because I need something to wear around while in afghanistan.", "I was hoping for sandals similar to the one that I had but these fit much more snugly due to the high arch support", "Being a Nike product, I assumed it wil be well made, which it was.  Another quality touch was that it had a padded upper.  The problem with it is that before it's broken in, it doesn't feel right; your foot doesn't easily set as the padded upper is too small/too tight to allow your foot forward.  As a result, unless you break them in, you are walking with your heel at the end of the shoe which is rather disconcerting...", "Extremely Comfortable and the sizes are correct. Though be careful because the white nike symbol gets stained easily. Will surely buy it over and over again.", "So far this sandal has met every expectation. It fits well, seems to be durable, and overall very light and sturdy. I like the simple style of it and thats why i purchased them in the first place.If I had to say something negative i would say the strap is a bit snug out of the box but seems to be stretching out appropriately.Overall a great purchase, worth the price for sure.", "The slides are way too tight. I'm returning them for one with an adjustable strap. Basically if you're getting the bigger foot sizes (above an 11) I wouldn't go with this.", "Purchased as a gift for my father with the intent for them to be used as house shoes/easy to wear when stepping outside to grill or sit on the patio. The shoe itself is fine; however, the band is not flexible. My dad regifted them and we had to make another purchase of a similar item. The seller was great and easy to work with.", "the strap part is way too short to make it thick enough for my husband's feet with any other materials on it other than his bare feet.", "Good quality shower shoes and also plenty comfortable while just schlepping around the house. The thick soles let me walk around outside too. Best scuffies I've had in a while.", "The one and only top strap broke away from the sandal. Granted it was well used, but it could have been used more.", "nice slide a bit small for my husband who wears a size 10 reg shoe, o ordered a size 11 so not quite true to fit his foot fits just on the rim while walking. so it a bit uncomfortable so he only wore once about a hour.", "My husband wears these Nike sandals all the time. He says they are one of the best sandals he's worn.", "nice and tight fit comfortable and great look. i was skeptical after hearing how people said they were tight, but its meant to fit tighter, but its not so tight you cant wear them.", "Overall length is appropriate for my foot, but strap was way too tight. I have very average, medium width size 11 feet. I hoped that wearing them around the house for a few days would loosen it up, but no luck. They are going back today. Thank goodness for Amazon's return policy.", "Length-wise these were true to size (I wear a size 12) but they are a much too narrow for me.  I literally have to squeeze my foot into them and then tap on a wall to further get them in all the way.  I figured wearing them for a week or two would stretch them out but they didn't stretch one bit and left my feet aching.  I don't believe that ordering a size up would have fixed the problem either - I just think they're not wide enough.  For the record, I don't have wide/fat feet either and I'm not a big guy (I'm 6'1&#34; 190 lbs).  Don't get me wrong, the overall quality of these are very good.  They are very well made and I could see them lasting a long time.  If you're looking for a tight fit then go ahead and order these...otherwise I wouldn't recommend them.", "the style looks similar to the hook and loop adjustable dandle, but they do not adjust. just slip on but good enough for the shower.", "Slides arrived fast during the Christmas Holidays.  They are perfect.  My son loves these Nike Swoosh Slide Sandals.  Will be back.", "Shoe is of average comfort.  The soles are kind of hard and uneven.  Shoe is too narrow so I would order one size up to fit your feet perfectly.", "I use these sandals for about everything and they still look new. At first it may feel tight but after a day or 2, it will feel better. It runs by size.", "very good condition and perfect the exact size I got were a little tight but spectacular mind well and arrived on time and the color I like, and super lightweight", "My 14 yr old son is very tough on shoes. He's very active in sports & can wear the soles down quickly. I've noticed on his other flip flops, not Nike, that they tend to bend upwards in the front, but these have lasted very well, Thank you!", "very nice :D :D :D A+++++++++++++++++++++++++ lo mejor bien :3 d  d d fdd df fd dc d df f", "Not bad sandals with nice, thick soles, but I purchased them for use as shower shoes (...on a US Army post).  Unfortunately, the material used in the cross-strap is absorbent.  With regular use they don't dry properly and begin to smell funky.", "I bought this as a gift for someone and they loved it. I'm glad and a satisfied customer.This was a great purchase.", "I usually don't buy Nike shoes because they run too small for me. But I needed something for the gym. They're great in protecting my feet in the shower, But they run a size too big. Just a FYI", "I've found better quality in a 99 cent store. The size 12 fits like a size 10. Walking on these feels like walking on plywood, the sole if very hard.I'm surprised Nike would put its name on something of such mediocre quality.", "They fit great and as expected, BUT, you shouldnt get them if you have fat feet because they are kinda tight, but not in a bad way! They have super soft padding underneath it that fits tight in a way that you know your foot wont loose the sandal when you're walking.", "I fell in love with these the first time I searched them, and knew I had to have them. I was a little apprehensive of purchasing these at first because they are men's sizing only, and women's sandals didn't compare to these at all and were even a little more pricier. I am a size 7 in Women's and went ahead and ordered the size 6 in men's. I have no complaints because I appreciate the extra half inch my toes now have. The fit was a little tight but within about 20 minutes of wearing they stretched to become quite comfortable. I haven't started my track season yet but I will definitely use these sandals as a pre/post choice to wear, because they look nice and feel amazing. And, considerably durable. Overall, I would recommend to anyone who wants a simple but clean style and comfortable wear.", "its a good shoe but the Velcro part is too small needs to be bigger cause when i wear socks with he shoe i literally have to squeeze them to get threw its a pain in the but i still love my nike sandals", "Theses are great.  They last a long time.  Secure fit and comfortable as well.  This is my second pair.  Nike rocks.", "Good shoes but they are a little too narrow for my foot .THey should make them more broad . Otherwise it is good to go.", "It has been a year and these slippers are still going strong. I wear them out and about the house and when I want something comfortable after a workout. Definitely recommend these.", "He loved them they were just what he wanted, did not give him blisters quill order another pair soon enough", "this Nike slippers is real strong and long lasting and looks great i wear mines to work im from the Caribbean so we like  to where slippers at all times  a great buy", "Thanks! I really enjoy my slippers! Have a great day and a happy new year!! They are comfortable and I wear them every single day", "Ive been looking for some sandals like these. They seem very strong and i wear them every where. The reason i give 5 stars is because i don't have nothing to complain about.", "Firstly, I want to say Unique Soles fulfilled my order and they shipped very promptly.I bought them to wear after long workouts, especially after I run. I don't really want to do that with these because there is a layer of spandex-like material and foam on the underside of the &#34;strap&#34; (or whatever you prefer to call it). I have a feeling it absorbs sweat quite well and would probably start to smell bad after a while. It says they can be used for taking a shower in the description, but I wouldn't recommend doing so because of the foam.  I just wear them around the house and they are comfortable. I bought a size 13 and they fit perfectly.If you want comfortable shoes for your day off, go for it. If you want shower shoes, look elsewhere.", "Unless you have extremely small feet, these will be too tight around the strap for most folks.  I decided I couldn't &#34;break them in&#34; so thus will have to return them.", "Fit as expected, they worked just as a sandal would. I shouldn't have to post extra verbage to fill this out.", "HARD CHEAP PLASTIC BOTTOM AND THE TOP IS UNGLUED FROM THE BOTTOM ON ONE SIDE WHEN I GOT THEM. If it wasn't such a pain in the rear to return stuff these would be going back. They will do for my husband until the strap comes completely unglued. These are NOTHING like the Benassi slides that Nike had before.", "It was hard to decide what a sixteen year old wants and i gave these to my brother and he loves them!", "What size would I get if I am a nine in womens? I would really like a pair of these in need of them after Basketball and baseball I would even wear these in school much better than skater shoes as  Im guessing from the other reviews Anyways will anyone help me?", "I love the look of my Nike sandals, but whenever I am in them my feet (especially my right foot) always seem to slip down a bit, so they are not always as snug as I would like for them to be.  Almost wish they had a backing on them.  But overall very happy with them.", "the return policy is that u pay some fee(s), so u'd buy the shoes twice and have nothing to show for it..so I have some fricken shoes that i'll save to give to some one as a prank..", "I gave these to my husband and he loves them. He wears them all the time. Great purchase. I would buy again.", "My husband is a big slide fan, and although he loved the sandal they were tight considering his feet are not wide. He cannot wear with socks however; he said he will wear during the summer months to try and stretch out.", "Love it! I wear it everywhere! Rubber is nice and bendable. You know with Nike you're getting a quality sandal. Very nice quality and it will definitely last a good amount of years!!", "A little tight the first time you wear them, but after that it's smooth sailing. Also, the padding on the strap is quite comfortable.", "NICE, COMFY, AND INEXPENSIVE SHOES!!! QUICK SHIPPING TOO!! This is my second pair (well I bought myself a pair and then decided to get my son a pair too). I'm sure I will buy from this seller in the future!! Awesome service!", "It fitted well looked as it is in the picture, but was a little narrow.Overall I am satisfied with the product.", "these sandals were perfect. i have 4 pairs of these sandals. these are the best sandals you can buy with money in my opinion. definitely worth every penny spent", "My Son was elated that I was able to get these for him.  He will enjoy wearing these until they fall apart.", "bought it as a just because gift. 1 year later holds up just as nicely. still very comfortable not stinking even though it has met with water quite frequently. So much so that I share it with my husband", "Very comfortable! My son loves them, and wears them almost every day. They have held up nicely and arrived as expected.", "Cool shoes, great price, but not really true to size.  I would've ordered a size up if I were to order again.", "very good product, excellent quality and very nice product q is a real worth buying I recommend nice nice nice", "This product is great.  I wear them to basketball all the time so when I get to the gym I can take these off and put my basketball shoes on.  I recommend these to anyone that plays basketball and doesn't  want to wear their shoes outside and ruin them.", "My shoe size is a 10 so I thought that getting these in size 10 wouldn't be a problem, but they're really tight, especially with socks.  I found them to slide off my feet as I walked around and I had to keep shoving my foot into them to keep them on for a little while.", "Love that I don't have to walk on uncomfortable concrete pool deck. The shoes look great and feel even better!", "great pair of slide sandals next time i'll by two or three more pair of slide sandals in colors ...", "Replacing son's but couldnt find any at this time of year so got them from amazon, where I have come to realize I can get anything anytime and am generally happy. they are just as described and he is happpy with them.  They fit normal sizing.", "I got these slippers for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved them! Fit great and super comfy and he can wear them anywhere. Great gift thanks!", "My son got these last year on Christmas and wrecked them. So he has a NEW pair for Christmas. :)", "Good price, well made sandals. I bought these for my son and now wears them all the time after practice. Also very comfortable.", "The strap over the foot of the 12618-011 is smaller than the strap over the foot of the 12618-013 I bought earlier. Therefore, it won't stay on my foot. I am considering returning it.", "Son loved them, would definately purchase again, nothing else to say about the purchase made, he just liked them alot", "Ordered for my nephew. He is satisfied with them which means I'm satisfied as well. I would order this product again.", "Fit right. Feels great. Lasts a long time (I've gone through 4 pair). I have these located by the pool, garage, back door and front door.Worth every penny.", "I bought these so the whole household can slip them on to take the dog outside as needed. These are great. They are quite comfortable. In fact, I've spotted some family members keeping them on throughout the day, because they said they are incredibly comfortable. They are squishy, yet firm. Great material. Would buy again.", "it was nice as expected. i lkee it. i would probably buy another one again when i need it from the same dealer", "took several weeks for the top strap to adjust to my feet but now they are perfect.  will buy again!", "All of my NIKE shoes are 10 1/2 includeing basketball shoes. So I chose 11 for this slipper but it is too tight for my feet. Just size info !", "I have fat feet I guess. Probably more like high arches and a little wide. I was hoping there would be a little wiggle room by ordering a half size bigger. They were a little tight and I know they would break in. However, I bought these for work to wear over my socks. I gave it a shot. They are comfortable when standing and look good. Just too tight. I would recommend for someone with narrower feet that has worn non-adjustable sandals before. I won't knock the product though. Just be smart before buying.", "Bought for my son. However, when these sandals arrived they had terrible smell of mix of plastic and ester. I'm going to return it. Do not recommend.", "Well, My husband hasn't been able to wear these yet but i am a little miffed at the \"Suggested Retail Price\" tag from Nike on them of $20.00 while I paid Amazon 24.98.Edit 1/1/2012 - Totally not true to size!  My husband wears a 10.5, I ordered an 11.  His feet have been swollen after surgery, but I (wearing a women's 8.5) tossed them on last night to take out the trash.  They barely fit me!", "These are a great slide for the price! Love that they come in bigger sizes too!Would recommend for sure.", "it did take time to break them in bc they are a tough slide!once they are broken in very comfy! they are great to wear as around the house and beyond!", "My husband is a size 15.  I had a hard time finding sandals for him.  He loved the nubs because they messaged his feet as he walked.  I got them in a fair amount of time at a great price", "There must be something about having a large foot. If you find a shoe that fits, it is an amazing; however, this shoe has to be broken in before it becomes comfortable. I will have to look to another shoe because they don't seem to be the shoe for someone that has a wide foot.", "My younger brother always complains about not having shoes he can slide on so I got him these. The only reason they were small was because I ordered one size too small but he still loves them", "I love using them for almost everything. From lounging around the home to taking trips & going to the supermarket.", "These sandals are very comfortable.  They look, feel and fit good.  I would recommend these to anyone.  Very cool looking.", "I love these sneakers have airmaxs in a few different colors but these aredefinitly my favorites. The ony thing is Nike like almost every other sneaker company runs a little small just a half size. These are well worth the money tho", "I love Airmax and the support and fit they provide. If you have ever worn Nike Airmax then you know what to expect", "The shoes fit great and feel good. After a few months both shoes got a tear in the sole. Now the shoes always make a whistling noise when I walk.", "it has been exactly a year now , and they look good , and i must say that i use almost every week at least once since i got them , i would say that i have given them good usage or even heavy , for some other people , and still good", "Very nice, sturdy, steel cased contemporary casual watch that goes great with sport or casual apparel, especially jeans and t-shirts or short-sleeved shirts-  It's a great way to show off the time piece. Wonderful color combination and subtle Nike imprint on the watchband.  The only drawback is the day/date dials are difficult to read due to its minuscule size.", "This is a great casual watch.  It is durable, attractive and water resistant.  I was pleased to find this watch online since my old one broke after many years of use and I understand that Nike discontinued its line of watches.  This style of watch looks better with an all black face (like my old one), but the black and silver face still is very nice.", "This is the second Nick watch that I purchased and I&#34;m so pleased with it.  The only reason that I bought this one was because my other one had scratches from wear and tear, and I had to get another EXACTLY like it.  So satisfied with this watch.", "I love the shoes. The cushions are still going strong on the inside sole of the shoe, feels good to go for jogs in them. The only thing I had to get used to is the fact that these are slide-on shoes. They have no &#34;tongue&#34; when you put the shoe on.", "Wow, $70 over retail?  I thought Amazon was a place to get good values.  Crazy.", "Owned watch since Nov 2008. Bought the watch on amazon for its large non glasses required display. Pin caps (holding strap pins in place) have already fallen off. Without them pins fall out and strap no longer attached to watch. Other problem is everytime you bend wrist forward (back towards body) the clasp releases get pushed in and strap opens up. Many times I have almost lost the watch putting my jacket on. Searching the web this is a problem. Looks like I have to mail watch back to a Nike repair center to get band fixed. These watch pins are not standard you can buy anywhere. Bottom line I would not recommend this watch unless Nike fixes the watch band.", "you'll get alot of comments when you wear this watch,..everyone seems to think it's really cool looking.it's got a large face on it so reading the numbers and dates are very easy, it a snap to adjust the time and date also.the one big draw back is that the band broke only after one month of wearing it,i had to send it back to nike for a warranty repair (nice people to deal with ).,thank god it was covered otherwise it's $50 for a new band!!!this is my 3rd nike watch and every band so far has broken(some twice!!)!!! i guess china doesn't build'em like they used to.overall, the watch is a sweetie, just be careful of the nike bands!!", "It was very difficult finding a watch that I liked. Requirements:- Digital, easy to read- Lights up (indiglo)- Shows day/date (preferably on the same mode as 'time')- Not too 'sporty' looking. Can wear to some business casual type settings.- Looks good.- Around $100So I decided to go with this watch as it fulfills all of my basic requirements. I don't need fancy ones that have altimeters, barometers, and world times. This gets all the basic things that I want done in a watch. So I'm completely satisfied with this watch (so far).That being said, I'm a little skeptical that the band will hold up. I came from the Nike Oregon series watches and I loved them for what they did, except when the bands all broke (usually within a year). So it is taking me a little 'getting used to' with the metallic band. I was a little annoyed that I had to get the watch adjusted to fit my wrist. I tried the rubber watch band version at the store and it is MUCH more comfortable, but less 'dressy'.Good watch overall, but I'll keep my breath held that the band holds up.", "This was for my friend. He liked it, so then I did too. Great product! Great Gift!", "Good looking watch BUT: the mini bolts maintaining the wristband get loose (and lost) too easely... Very difficult (impossible without returning the watch to manufacturer and it takes more than 2 month to have it back) to find spare parts. When the battery gets low, you also have to return the watch to Nike. I tried to change the battery myself and it would not turn back on whatever I tried. I don't want to wait another 2 month to have the battery changed... I'll buy a Casio... Too bad.", "THIS IS A VERY GOOD CHOICE, I'M BUYING ANOTHER SUNGLASSES TO MY SISTER, I'M VERY HAPPY WITH THIS SUNGLASSES, GOOD CHOICE, GOOD QUALITY AND GOOD PRICE.", "Thanks for your prompt service, and I really like the unique styling of this watch.", "I really like this watch! The time is right there all I do is just lookdown & tada the date & day is there also. Its waterproof & don't worryabout it getting wet. I don't even take it off. Definitely recommendthis watch to anyone.", "This heart monitor is terrible. The buttons are non responsive and you have to press them until you get permanent indentations in your fingers.The instruction booklet is useless and the watch is not intuitive.Don't waste the time or the money.", "Customer service was horrible! Watch came in shipping box with no instructions or wrapping. Battery was dead when I got the watch so I had To go buy a new battery. Then the watch still didn't work. When I asked where the instructions were, they said I should Google it. I pages 75 dollars for this watch. I shouldn't have to Google it. Very rude!!!", "Very firm and comfortable.  Little tight for its size but I like it a lot.  Recommend to buy this product.", "Bought these for my high school son who plays soccer.  They fit a full size smaller than advertised and didn't seem that durable.  They are very light weight which I assume is good for speed, but I doubt they would last beyond a single season", "I purchased this item for my husband for Christmas.  The shoes arrived fast and in prefect shape.  I had no problems.  I loved the colors and design.  I would tell my friends about my great buying experience.", "He wears them to school for his Physical Exercises classes and they fit him perfectly. Will order again in the future", "I got these shoes today and let me tell ya, there pimpin, the wife loves them, my friends are jealous, so that makes me happy happy happy lmao.", "I have owned these sneakers before and they look great and hold up really well. They are made with a very durable leather so cleaning them is easy.", "THESE ARE GREAT SHOES AND THE PRICE  IS EXCELLENT. I CHECKED EBAY AND FOR THE SAME SHOES THE PRICE WAS TOO HIGH. HERE I  FOUND THE SAME SHOES  AT A LOWER PRICE AND  I GOT THE SHOES IN JUST 2 DAYS, WOW1!!!! OUTSTANDING!!", "I have not worn these yet for playing sports. However the initial fit is slightly wide for a non-&#34;W&#34; size.", "I was looking for a shoe that looked good when wearing jeans or shorts and this shoe was perfect for what I wanted.  I researched quite a few different types of shoes before settling on this one.  I was also a little leery ordering shoes online as I knew that they may not fit and you can never really tell what they looked like.The seller shipped these shoes extremely fast and I was very pleased when they arrived. They looked exactly as advertised and fit perfectly. I love wearing these shoes to the gym or even just being out.  I highly recommend this product!", "Well, I don't know if this is exactly true. But I came from China and I used to wear shoes of size 41, which is 8 in US. But it is a little bit larger. And it makes me hard to decide whether I should return it. Well, finally, I didn't return. But I just can not say satisfied with it.For the shoes itself, it is nice-looking shoes!", "A little big, but not enough to send back. My son loves these shoes! They look nice and are comfortable.", "I just got my watch  in the mail the other day and i was so happy that i had it ,,,The first thing that i had done was got rid of the one i had on my arm ,,I just can,t stop looking at it .I do alot of missions and i work out alot over here.Def Moral booster in my eyes to see something like this watch on my wrist..And the price was great,,Great job AMAZON.....", "I bought this as a present for my husband. He loves it and so do I!  This watch is amazing and very sleek looking. It could be worn dressy or casual!! A great buy for sure!!", "If you're looking for a decent everyday watch, this is something worth to consider. Design is fashionable to dress for office and after work.", "The watch itself is great. It has good functionality. I was kinda a little disappointed that the battery died a few months after I bought it.", "cannot complain. Good quality fabric, and will last me for a good year or two due to its quality. I am really pleased with it", "Very comfortable, lightweight and airySome sections of the sole are glued on individually and came off after minimal wear", "I started running on this shoe a couple years ago (starting with the 11) and have loved it ever since.  It has a great mix of stability and cushioning, and a roomy toebox, which I love (I also ordered mine a half-size bigger, as recommended by the running store I bought it from).  No smashed toes or sore arches to speak of.  Overall, an awesome shoe!", "Super reloj casual deportivo para utilizar diariamente ampliamente recomendadoSuper casual sports watch widely recommended for daily use", "I bought these shoes when they came out about 6 or 7 years ago , I can't remember exactly. But anyway I bought them for basketball and they were so worth it. These Jordans were so comfortable and reliable not only did I continue to  wear them for basketball after my first season , I wore them casually to. And when I got my first job I wore them for that as well and it has only been about 4 months since I stopped wearing them . They lasted me almost 7 years and are still the most comfortable shoes I have to this day. If you want an all around good shoe that has style, comfort, and performance I would definitely recommend these shoes! They won't disappoint !", "I'm a runner.  My wife bought this for my birthday less than a year ago from the Nike website and paid over $125.00 for it.  Here's why I give it one star.  First, I dropped it from the medicine cabinet shelf to the sink. Immediately, it started getting what looked like ink splotches all over the inside of the watch display.  What's that, a drop of 2 feet and the impact caused the display to malfunction?  I can't even read the time, much less the stop watch.  It's too fragile.Second, the battery must be weak because the display is faded, especially when you turn on the light.  And, I hadn't even had the watch a year.  I returned it to the company that Nike subcontracts to handle their warranties and they sent it back to me after six weeks, saying nothing was wrong with it.  Yes, I'm making this all up, that's why I took the time to send it to you.  At least give me a price to repair it or replace it.  Horrible customer service.  Horrible!  Now I'm stuck with it.Do yourself a favor and stick with your Ironman or Casio.  This is a waste of money and not worth the headache.", "Everything came as promised..only problem was watch worked two days then went out.have to send to nike to et fixed.better to by from brick and mortor store when it comes to these watches.", "I am very disappointed with the watch as I think I may need to replace the battery off the bat. When I got the watch it would not work. I understand the watch has a feature that will shut the watch to off mode but that is not the problem.It is still dead as I have not had time to pick up a battery. I hope that is all it needs.Really unhappy, you would think better of Nike products.", "I would say that overall this watch wowed me at first. The band is ultra comfortable and the face is perfectly legible. The biggest downside is that it broke within 6 months. First one of the blocks on the lcd stopped working, then it started going nuts as if the battery was running out. I took it to a shop to get a new battery but it would not turn on after. This is about 6 months since i bought it and i am very dissapointed since i hoped to have this watch for years. I am considering buying a second but i dont think I want an $80 watch that fails in 6 months so il sadly have to give it a pass.", "I have the the black nike Torque SI, and the nightilluminator stops working after sometime. Also the paint begins to chip if you bang it a few times on accident. In addition its easy to use, but those are the only drawbacks.", "Easy to set initially, large buttons are easy to use. functions work as expected. Overall look and design of this watch is sporty and modern. They make it in other colors also. My favorite feature of this watch is the rubber strap, it's extremely comfortable and adjusts to any and all comfort levels. Love it.", "I bought these for my boyfriend because he likes a high top shoe and he loves them & says they are quite comfy!!!", "The shoes hurt when I wear them. Very nice shoes, totally my style. Wish they fit me better. Next time!", "I have 5-6 pairs of shoes, all 9s and that's what I ordered this pair of Nike Overplay VII shoes, but they hurt my feet after several hours of basketball because they're on the small size. The gym grip is good and support is fine. My only suggestion would be to order a half size larger and be sure you try them before the return window closes.", "My basketball days of playing are over but I do a lot of walking and these shoes are perfect for that .. well made, very light and comfortable also added support for the ankles ... would recommend to friends !!", "Bought these for riding my motorcycle.  They fit well and perform even better for street riding..  I always order a 1/2 larger size in Nike due to running small (in my opinion).  Just DO It!!!", "Having bought Nike shoes for years, it still holds true today: Buy a 1/2 size larger than you normally wear as Nike runs small. If you plan for this, you will have no problem and will love the quality Nike provides!", "I got these for his birthday and he says they are the most comfortable shoes I've bought for him and I've bought many. He's a hard to find size. He would wear a 12 but due to Charcot foot I have to buy him larger shoes and 15s are hard to find. With Charcot, he needs a very supportive, firm shoe with plenty of ankle support and since he's diabetic he can't get a shoe that will rub sores or blisters on his feet because diabetics heal slowly or not at all when it comes to their feet. This was a good purchase for us for sure. Happy birthday honey!", "Bought these for the style but the performance is what makes me give it 5 stars. Great hoops shoes, comfortable with rad neon green highlights.", "THESE SHOE'S CAME IN 2 DAY'S AND I HAVE TO SAY,I WAS SKEPTICAL ABOUT BUYING SHOES ONLINE,BUT THESE ARE A VERY NICE PAIR OF SHOE'S HERE....VERY LIGHT AND WELL MADE...ALL IN ALL IS IS A GREAT PAIR OF SHOE'S! NO 5 STAR'S FROM ME!", "Purchased these for my son-in-law for Christmas.  For the past 8 years Nike shoes have been his request.  These were really nice looking.", "Good shoe. Good vendor. I hope it is as confortable as it looks. I'll put it to test next weekend. :-))", "Came in damaged on the inside had to super glue a piece of the inside  and a day after I wore them the other show started falling apart", "It is the product expected. It cost me more than I expected because there were other cheaper options, but okay.", "Everyting was ok, the item arrived promptly and it was exactly has  in description. very comfortable and durable sport shoes", "fueron comprados para un regalo, la persona que los usa esta muy feliz y confortable con estos zapatos creo que fue un buen regalo", "You need to ask my child about these shoes..... wears them all the time, they do not leave his room nor his sight!  I would guess they are a good fit for him?!", "I bought these for my husband. This is the second time I have purchased these for him. He says they are comfortable and they look great. Of course with the name &#34;Nike&#34;, how can you go wrong? Love these!", "I really like, I were spectacular, I can walk comfortable way, I fulfilled my expectations, thank you very much for serivios rendered, good packaging product", "I have been wearing Nike Overplays for years. I have them in white, black and tan. They fit great and are very comfortable.  I use them for both work and casual wear. At work I'm on my feet up to 10 hrs and my feet rarely get tired. Great product.", "After searching and I do mean searching, I chose to get these for my husband and I am not disappointed !! they have a boot like look not just a basketball tennis shoe look and that is what I was going for..something that comes up a little for the support of the ankles. Very nice.", "I never open the box because I found some much cheaper than those so I'm going to return them back. The posting is not what I will say.", "I have been looking for this shoe in a 3E, I was very disappointed that it came in 9.5 D.", "I bought these for my husband! They are a good qualtiy shoe and very comfy:) He wanted something simple and durable!", "This shoe is not comfortable at all and it started turning the sides white after I first washed it but the shoe did last for a long time.", "These are great shoes! I have played ball in them for 3 weeks now, and they fit great and are very light. I would definitely recommend them.", "GREAT SNEAKER. Goes with everything and amazon beats all other retailer's price. I just wish there was a women's equivalent.", "This is my 3rd pair of Nike Overplay. Great heal cushioning and very durable.Holds up really well in wet weather.", "Bought these for my son and he loves them! Shipping was fast and the price was right so I am looking for another pair before he wears these to death.", "my husband loved these so much I bought 2 pairs so he has a new pair when the other pair gets old. They are nice and comfy", "Bought these shoes for my son, he loved them and uses them for the basketball. He has had no complaints with fit or comfort.", "Bought this for my son.  Sometimes he wears a wide and other times not...just depends on the shoe.  The verdict is still out on this shoe.  I did not buy a wide and he says the shoe is somewhat tight.  Hopefully he will be able to stretch the shoe out and it will fit better.", "Got these for my son, one of the few available in the larger sizes (14). It seems well made, is a nice-looking shoe, and it fits just fine. Price was good on Amazon, thank you.", "Purchased 2 pair. Use these for light contracting work, not sports. Very comfortable once broken in. Glad to see that Nike still has a few pairs around that aren't as light as a feather, still have some substantial leather and don't look like cheap shiny plastic.", "Got this for a gift for an active family member. Arrived promptly, fitted very well, and has been worn a great deal.A high-quality item at a good price.  Thank you.", "Basic black basketball shoe ala Nike.  They been doin it for decades.  They know b-ball shoes.  My advice: don't skimp on your feet.  Wear rags if you want, but pay for good shoes.  These are OK.  I play once a week and I never notice my shoes or feet (even after.)  Perfect.  Then I wear em to work a few days a week.  I teach - on my feet all day.  Wish I could ignore the sneaker politics, I can't.  But, in the final argument, these are my feet, they require the best.", "These sneakers are HOT and priced right... where can you get those sneakers at that price! WOW!!!!!!!!!! I live in NYC they don't have these prices.", "I purchased this watch from another website, and she was really happy with it.  However, after only a year the battery is dead.  Seems to be a chronic issue with these watches.  In replacing the battery, I turned the battery cover too far resulting in damage to the soft aluminum case of the watch.  I was able to replace the cover, but I am positive that the watch is no longer waterproof.  We will have to keep an eye on it.Speaking of the aluminum case, The watch looks like it has survived a war from all the dings and scratches in it.If this watch survives another year, there will be no battery replacement; it will go to the trash bin.P.S. to replace the battery, simply turn the battery cover on the back of the watch ONE QUARTER TURN ONLY.  The cover did not pop open for me, so I kept turning, thinking it needed to go further, or that it might unscrew off the case.  Well, it kept turning, and kept turning, and kept turning.  After prying the cover off, I realized that I had forced the blades of the stainless steel cover through the grooves in the aluminum case.  Trust me, it did not take that much effort to force it.  Lovely.  Somehow the cover seems to close somewhat snugly, but it is not a tight fit.  It is a horrible design if you ask me.  They could have printed an \"open\" and \"close\" on the cover/case if they wanted to.", "This watch was a replacement for my wife's dead Timex.  I was drawn to the unusual appearance -- she was initially suspicious of the \"twisted\" face.  Now that she's had it for a while, she's come to love the very large, very clear display.  The rubber bracelet is comfortable for her as well.  She's only splash-tested its water resistance with no adverse results.  She likes that the display is customizable and that it can be set to shut off the display after some length of time.  That said, its timer and countdown features are not intuitive and took a little study to become comfortable (she is, incidentally a Phd scientist...).", "Just what my niece wanted for Christmas!! She is a cross country runner and needed a good watch. This watch was at the top of her list and I was able to get it for her on Amazon for half the price!!!! Love it...", "Perfect for my daughter. She loves it! Would by for another gift. Recommend this for anyone! User friendly features. Awesome!", "The interesting configuration of this watch has garnered many compliments.  I bought this for my wife for the holidays and she wears it everyday.  Great for the active woman!", "My granddaughter is a \"Cross Country Runner\" her comment is \"I can check my times without breaking my arm motion.Great help in long runs\".", "This watch fits comfortable on your wrist especially for small wrists; also like the fact it has no buttons that can get caught in clothing etc.Easy to operate and read on the run. Have brought another one for a friend as a xmas present.", "This bag is nice, but it's also big.  I bought it for my 14 year old son and it's almost more than he can carry.  Quality and ease of use are both good, so if you want a large bag this would be a good choice.", "Bought these shoes last year after my favorite brand (Saucony Grid Omnis) were \"updated\" and no longer comfortable for my feet.  They're really comfortable shoes and have a neat feature (which I never took advantage of) that informs you of pace and steps-per-minute (or something like that).I really liked the way they fit my feet, which has now been changed in the newer +11 model.  My feet are on the wide side and these fit perfectly.  Guess Nike heard complaints to the contrary and made the newer model more narrow...My biggest issue concerns the insoles.  They wore out really fast for me in the ball of the foot (where I put a lot of weight).  Not a big deal, I guess, since you could probably find replacements somewhere.  But for the price it would be nice to have longer lasting insoles.  Overall the shoes wore out a lot faster than my Sauconys used to, but it still gets high ratings from me for comfort and fit!", "AMI ESPOSA LE GUSTA. ES DE BEBE...PERO LE QUE DA A ELLA...POR FAVOR REVISEN LOS PRODUCTOS ANTES DE ENVIARLOS Y QUEDAR MAL...", "i thought it was for women but the strap is too short... my bad though", "Arrived, looked like a good size and definitely a cute color for a little girl.  Wrapped it up for my daughter for Christmas... Opened it Christmas Day and the display is all messed up! It's like not all the pixels work or something. Returning it Monday.", "My 8 year old daughter asked for this watch for her birthday.  My brother ordered it for her.  For some reason, supposedly it was returned to the sender and our account was credited.  So, we had to re-order the watch.  I am not sure if that was an issue with the shipping service or the seller.  But, once we finally got the watch, it has been easy to use with clear instructions and has been a perfect watch for my daughter.  It has definitely received some splashes of water and we have not observed any issues with it.  It is cute and cheery.  It could also work for grown ups.", "Well, I bought it for my 13 daughter, the size fits for a kid and even a woman although it is not a big watch. It is well made, the metal part (that closes the wrist)is all rounded so it does not hurts the wrist. SHe uses in her swimmimg lessons, so far no problems, she loves it, and has also a light button to see the hour in the dark", "My 7 yr old daughter LOVES her Nike watch. It has lots of functions! She loves the chronometer, so she can track her reading time etc. Love it!", "This is a great watch for tweens - I bought the purple version for my 13 year old daughter and she loves it.  It is light and very easy to put on and take off. It is hip and sporty looking.  It is not a watch for timing yourself or or monitoring heart rate, distance, etc.  It is just a fun and simple watch that is reliable!  I recommend this watch.", "What a great product, what a great Seller!  They got this to me before Christmas when I purchased it only 5 days prior to Christmas Day.  What a great seller and person to go above and beyond to make my christmas special.", "I bought this watch for my wife at christmas it arrived on time and worked perfectly I  would recommend this seller again.", "I do like my new watch.  I needed a digital watch for my job, and this one is easy to read and light on my wrist.  I do have to be a bit more careful with the fact that it does not have a secure clasp.  It will just occasionally move around a bit on my smallish wrist.  I have noticed that it has almost slid off when my long sleeve pulled at it.  still liking it.", "We are very happy and pleased with the quick service. It was a great gift.", "Very nice watch has all the basic features that I wanted, band is extremely comfortable and doesn't come loose like you would imagine it would. I would recommend it to anyone wanting a basic watch.", "It is a gorgeous watch, but it lasted for least than a year. The battery cap broke and the minute numbers were fading, incomplete. I barely got to use it.. cheap and bad quality item.", "This watch look very beatiful on the hand of a woman. It work very good and it have easy to carry.", "Better than advertised. Very fast delivery. I am enjoying these great Sunglasses. They stay on my face and don't slide down.", "Nice lookig watch, but try it on before buying. It is very thick and actually snags on sleeves and other things because of the squarish form factor.The luminescent face uses up batteries quickly, which surprised me. The light stops working about half way through the battery life.I bought this because it looks durable and the face is protected by the bezel, and this works exactly as promised. I skateboard and was looking for something that could take a beating, which this watch does very well. I just wish it were less chunky.", "I have the all black version of this watch and at first it was a good watch.Pros-I like how it turns the display off after being idle to save battery-Looks and feels solid and comfortableCons-No light to see in the dark or at night (every digital watch should have that function)-Quality is poor.  Not long after purchase, the rubber surrounding the face of the watch came apart.  I took great care of the watch and never put it through and kind of stress whatsoever.Overall-The quality is definately a downfall, but also not having a light function is a big deal.  If it didn't fall apart I could possible see myself wearing it in the day, but I'll never buy Nike watches again.", "alright, so these are pretty good shades for the cost. i liked them because they can be used for people with large faces, my friend has a rather small one and says they are too big. so any average sized face and more would be ideal. these are great because you can wear them at night or indoors because they can get pretty clear, yet they provide decent protection outdoors in the day too. i recommend them", "Nice looking watch purchased for my wife, but poor backlighting and dark glass creates difficulty in reading it.  Would've returned it, but she's a die-hard Nike fan.", "There are those who believe that life here began out there, far across the universe, with tribes of humans who may have been the forefathers of the Egyptians, or the Toltecs, or the Mayans. Some believe that there may yet be brothers of man who even now fight to survive somewhere beyond the heavens.But I don't care. I just want to know the time. Of course, if my watch looks cool, then that's a plus. This watch is pretty basic, but it looks like a Cylon.Which is why I'm not so sure this would be the watch that I would wear if I was fleeing from the Cylon tyranny, leading a rag-tag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest to find a shining planet known as Earth.I'm just saying.", "Excelente la compra llego tal y cual como se esperaba lo recomiendo para futuras compras llego a la fecha indicada", "i have about 10 different colors of nike celso flip flops!  i have been trying to find many different colors.  don't confuse these with the other women's nike flip flops - they kind of look alike", "These are definitely my go-to sandal all summer long! They fit perfectly and provide wonderful cushion for wearing for extended periods of time.", "I love these Thong Sandals. Bought them at the begining of last summer and wore them almost every day. They are very well put together and did not fall apart like other flip flops i have owned. I dont need a new pair yet but I think Ill order them just in case.", "ok, i have bought nike flip flops in the past, and never let down, so im on a mission to find another pair..the 2 reviews say who in their right mind will pay 700 bucks for flip flops?? well, certainly NOT me...BUT, why when i see the price it says 26 bucks?? where is the 700 coming from??", "I think this is my 7th or 8th pair and I love them.  I buy them every year and I will be sad when they stop making them.  A definite must try to anyone who has not worn.", "Thanks this product is well finished and well comfortable, we really liked my wife. The product arrived on time and without any details on the move", "I have ordered 3 pairs of this product in different colors.  And plan to order another pair in navy because I wear jeans alot.  I live in the southwest and wear flip flops most of the year.  This product is well made and comfortable. I highly recommend them.", "Love these!  I think these are the most comfortable flip flops ever!  I am so happy that I found them online when my other on finally wore our after 3 years.", "Awesome shoes. a review said they squeak, well mine did too for a little while but went away (try soaking the soles in vegetable oil for a day) another said they are too tight for wide feet, well then go to store and try them on before ordering online. I have had mine for a year now and they r awesome. After a year of everyday wear my tread is still there, the seams haven't broke anywhere  or frayed and the comfort is beyond amazing. Usually my shoes last about 4 months anything from like Nikes, DCs, Vans and ReBok or a month for any walmart brand. So if you wanna spend 60 to 80 bucks 3 times a year on shoes (180 to 240 yearly) then go for it. But if you want a good solid shoe then get these, they have excellent ankle support and the quality is amazing. If it squeaks then look online for ways to help that and if they are too tight then someone should use common sense when buying and try them at the store first or just take it to a shoe place for stretching the sides out. I would buy these a 100 times over 6000 dollars in savings over a 100 year period maybe more if these keep holding up the way they do and end up lasting 2 years. They could fall apart 2morrow and i still wouldn't be disappointed and i'd go out and buy another pair. Just like the one review said they are better than the 90's ones made I had those ones too and loved those also but they didn't last like these. These just can't be beat. A little pricey but for lasting a year its cheaper than buying 3 or more pairs of shoes a year.", "i asked for a size 11 and got shipped a 10.5! i mean fortunately i fit a 10.5 and would rather keep than dealing with the headache of asking for a replacement, but its not what i asked for!", "I purchased a pair of these locally for my 15 yr. old son, who wears them exclusively.  He wanted these shoes for longboarding, and has told me that they are his favorite pair he's ever had for this purpose.  Good grip, stable, supportive.  The sole did not wear out quickly (foot braking) like other skating shoes he's had.  They've lasted longer than similar pairs of DC's, World Industries, and and DVS.  We're shopping for a second pair.", "Bought this for a boyfriend and he loved it. He still wears it even though we've broken up.  It's stylish, but fully functional for a runner.  The size is pretty decent too for a man.  Would not recommend it for a female with small wrists though because it is too bulky.  I liked the design of the watch though.", "This watch is okay, but it is huge on my wrist. I should have gone for a woman's watch, but I didn't realize how awkwardly it would fit on my wrist. It is a great watch as far as the features go. It was a bit confusing to learn how to use it effectively, though. It did not come with any directions, which was not too cool.", "This is a basic sports watch that does what its meant to.  Nothing special about it.  I needed a watch for working out and save times for running intervals.  I wish the back light would stay on longer or it had an option to set the time for which it stays on, but its nothing to really complain about.  The wrist strap is a durable rubber material which I have found to be comfortable.  Although,  because it is rubber, it is more prove to collect sweat which will allow the watch to slide around.  Again, not that big of an issue, I just wear it tighter.", "Nike Triax Fury 100 Style Watch, Black/Light GraphiteThis is my second purchase of this exact watch.Pros: Great color and look.Pros: Band stays on for outdoor activities, it is a rubber material so it wont smellPros: Easy to view, the display is tiltedPros: QualityCons: instructions are a little crazy, but I know how to set it now! also available online when you lose them.Overall:  Best price I have seen on this watch.  I think Nike is dropping out of watches so this may be a closeout to snatch up.Chef Kurt", "i do all my workouts with this watch, it is well priced and i've got alot out of it !", "I bought this watch and I am very much satisfied with this product. But I am disappointed that amazon fluctuates price of same product so frequently that I bought it twice with a gap of 10 days and difference was 10% in price", "This is a great watch for the price (I payed around $35). The large display is easy to read even while running and the buttons are arranged so that only one will be pressed at a time. There are more modes and features built into this watch than I will ever use, but they are quite handy. I love how it sits diagonally on my arm when worn.My only complaint is the ease with which the sound can be turned on and off. You simply press a button once to turn it on, and again to turn it off. I don't like it when my watch beeps every hour, but I find myself needing to turn off the sound multiple times since I always seem to turn it on without noticing. I wish this was a press and hold feature, but alas, a minor complaint that I can easily live with.The sleep feature of this watch is also really nice and extends the battery life many times over. However, I wish there was an increment shorter than an hour.", "I bought this watch in early 2010 and haven't had to change the battery yet. I swim take a shower and sleep with my watch and the band is so soft that it doesn't bother me at all. Looks new.  I sincerely LOVE my watch!", "Nike Triax Fury 100 Style Watch (Black/Red)I have this watch in the Black Grey also!  this color is my \"sporty work out color\"  the other is more for around town.Pros: Great color and look.Pros: Band stays on for outdoor activities, it is a rubber material so it wont smellPros: Easy to view, the display is tiltedPros: QualityCons: instructions are a little crazy, but I know how to set it now! also available online when you lose them.Overall: Best price I have seen on this watch. I think Nike is dropping out of watches so this may be a closeout to snatch up.Chef Kurt", "Great watch, but a few problems:(1) I am left handed, and I didn't think about the curve of the watch before I bought it. I now have to bend my right arm at an awkward angle if I really want to get a good view of the time.(2) I am petite (5'3\") and the size of the face looks like a man's watch on my arm. Rather big and bulky.(3) The numbers aren't smooth, but look almost \"perforated\" --- the small spacing between the numbers makes it somewhat difficult to read and a small irritant.It does fit well and the colors are great -- a very bright red with black.", "This watch is perfect for running. It is light weight and very durable. The only issue I have is that the wristband is a little small. I am an average male and have to put the wristband at the second to last notch. I run/jump collegiately and we all wear this nike watch. It is a great quality. The features on the watch are great. There is time, laps, reps, and it even allows you to save your previous workouts.", "I've owned Timex watches for the past 20 years, using them mostly for running and training for races from 5K to the marathon.  When my battery died on my last one I decided to try something new, especially since the battery didn't last particularly long on it (about 2 years, when it should go 4-5).  I really like this watch.  I've been using it for about a month now, and am impressed with its functionality.Pros: (1) Excellent functionality -- I like how the modes are designed. (2) Power-save feature is very nice -- you can set the watch display to go off after 1, 2, 4, 6 or 12 hours.  I set mine for an hour.  To turn it back on, simply press any button.  (3) Nice, large, visible numbers for splits while running.  (4) Very stylish design.  I was unsure about the colors and look when I ordered it, but I am sold now.  (5) Warranty -- two full years!  That's way better than Timex.Cons: (1) The reset button is also the light function button.  So, in order to reset the memory you must also trigger the light.  Not a big deal, but it does eat battery power.  In my mind, this is more than made up for by the power-save function. (2) I'm not sure and time will tell, but the band has a clip attachment to catch the extra amount of band not being used that seems like it could break.  Perhaps it won't, but I wonder how it will hold up.  (3) The light itself is not overly brilliant -- I do like the \"indiglo\" of Timex better.  But, this is not a big deal.Overall I recommend this product.  For me, four-stars is about as much as a product can earn as I treat five-stars as meaning nearly zero cons -- very rare.  Grab this one and be happy!", "PRO:I really like these 'swoosh' shaped watches with huge numbers for running.  This hits that perfectly - you could read the numbers from across the room.The interval workout feature is very nice and something not found on many digital sport watches.CON:In day to day operation I miss having more than 2 alarms (old IronMan had a bunch 5, 10 something like that) and more importantly a countdown timer.The bigger problem is the size/band setup.  This watch is large (5cm diagonally across the face).  If you have say marathon runner wrists I'd measure first and see how well it is going to fit.  The face size isn't the only problem.  Because of the non-replaceable ridged band (that doesn't curve as tightly as fabric would) the watch fits even bigger than it actually is.As a running watch having it slide around a little bit isn't the end of the world.  Sadly I could never wear it all day.  On the plus side this makes the lack of alarms less of a problem.CONCLUSION:Bottom line if you've got the wrist for it (~ >18cm D) buy it.  But if you are female or a life long distance runner you likely don't have the wrist for it.", "My husband really likes this watch. There were a couple minor snags with it but all in all a good purchase.", "I wish I could give no starts. Looked cheap, uncomfortable on hand.  Came in plastic zipper bag, no box. I did return this monstrosity (I had to pay s+h)", "Great watch. I've read some reviews where they say the watch is to big. I think It's just perfect. For those of you who prefer a smaller version just order the regular watch not the SUPER.", "I love this watch!  It is perfect for my two active sports of Cycling and Surfing but I like enough to wear it every day during the weekend.", "This watch does everything it's supposed to do plus a little more.  It has a pace feature, a recovery feature, and or course a regular stop watch.  The nike fury is super comfortable and fits perfectly on your wrist. Plus it even lights up!", "This is an excellent easy to read and set water proof watch. However it is very east for it to skip modes due to the placing of the buttons", "This is a nice watch for the price.  It fits well on the wrist provided you dont have a large wrist. I bought it for my husband and he is really happy with it.", "Great wacht. I dont understand how can anyone give 3 or 4 star on that wacht. It 5...easy!", "I have been wearing a Nike Triax watch to work for three years stright. Submerged in water, left in the snow for weeks, 120 degree weather, nothing can stop it!also has a great battery power saver feature. I will be wearing these to work as long as they are around.", "I found out that I am now allergic to the wrist band on this watch.  I knew I was allergic to the Timex band, but my last Nike Triax watch was fine.  Then the strap broke.  I thought the Nike watch band would be fine, but I developed a red rash under the wrist band.  I am not allergic to latex, but there must be some sort of material in the newer ones that don't agree with me.", "The add did originally not tell me it was a women's watch!The watch is probably fine, but a bit small for my wrist, thank you.", "I bought this watch for my husband because he needed one and I thought this would fit his needs.  My husband is very finicky when it comes to his running apparel and accessories.  He seems to really like it and has gotten several compliments on it.  The face is large enough to easily read with a quick glance.  Which is especially important when one is at the age that they need either longer arms or larger print.", "I've had Timex watches but this beats them all. For one, I broke watches annually because i'd do home repair, hunting, etc. with the watch on. This one is now 5 years old! To top that, it's battery just died yesterday... after 5 yrs!! Easy to read and use. Many functions so you can use it for more than running (cooking, timing anything...)A runner's friend. HIGHLY recommend!!", "My marathon son loves this watch - easy to read when on the move, lightweight, doesn't cramp his wrist.", "I was seriously embarrassed when my brother opened his Christmas gift and this is what he saw. It is very cheap looking and I was not happy with it at all once I saw it in person.", "This watch was a very good purchase. I use it on a daily basis, both for work as well as personally. I like the stopwatch function. I have had this watch for 4 years and it still keeps great time. I have had to replace the battery once and a pin on the band once but it was at minimal cost and for the amount of use I get out of it, it was worth it.", "in the picture, these shoes look more yellow, but they're actually white and grey and it looks so good with the horse hair!!!  amazon delivered in three days and they fit true to size.", "Very good at keeping cold wind from freezing my feet.  However they do run a bit long. Normally for Nike I say order half size up. For these I would recommend order exact.", "I must give all the credit to a previous buyer who stated to purchase the next size up. I bought a pair for my daughter for Christmas and read the review...she stay do not run true to size and recommended anyone purchasing to purchase a 1/2 size bigger. So I decided to take her work and do just that. They fit her perfect!!! Thank you so much for the advice!!", "I really like these training shoes.  They are universal in that I can also used them to run in also. They are ver comfortable and  get lots of compliments on how good they look too.", "Got this t-shirt to start using it when i go to the gym, i hope to not get a wrong size", "Wanted by my grandson in like forever. He loves it !!! It's Nike. Who could ask for anything more !!!", "Comfortable size, inexpensive, doesn't stand out or try to make a fashion statement. Not bulky and light weight. So far so good!", "My 10-year-old daughter rec'd this watch for Christmas. It has the stopwatch and timer combined so that you either use the stopwatch as a stopwatch and it counts up OR set a time and then it counts down. The alarm is loud enough to be useful. The time is large and easy to read. We find the alarm very easy to set and turn on and off... No learning curve, very intuitive. It is large on a 10-year-old wrist, but not so large that it is cumbersome for her. We all dig it.", "Product received was a bit smaller in size than it appeared in the web site. But it is a good brand and works fine.", "My friend daughter enjoyed the watch. she plays basketball and run track and it is very durable for the sports", "Nike Women's Triax Swift Analog Watch #WR0078-401I ordered it  as a birthday gift. It was nicly packed but defective - did not work at all. Big disappointment.", "I bought this for a gift and decided to keep it because I like the sleek look and the fun band. It looks great with jeans.  I have large wrists and I can wear it, but only on the last hole in the strap. It's difficult to find fun and cute watches for women with 7-inch wrists.This one is not great, but better than most.", "I bought this watch one year ago. I could wear it just for 6 months, then it came off. I hated its rubbery band design. When you put the watch on a desk, it seems like U-shape. It never gets flatten, so bands are damaged and cracked easily. Rubbery bands glued to the case of the watch. My watch was broken apart from that glued part. I recommend you to buy a leather or a stainless steel watch instead of paying $70 for this useless watch.", "Looks pretty good.Minor drawbacks(a) The alarm is so soft its useless(b) The watch case is pretty thick. But maybe its intentional to make it look like an orb.(c) Unless its broad daylight you will need the backlight to see the time.", "I love these shoes. They are extremely comfortable and stylish. Received many compliments from others on how COOL this NIKE shoe looks. Combination of a shoe and hiking boot, but looks both blended nicely together.", "I love this running shoe.  Over the years I have bought this style in updated versions.  It is a good running shoe that is not as expensive as some of the other shoes you might buy.", "Purchased these shoes for my 14 year old.  He LOVES them!  They are comfortable, easy to put on, and they look really nice.  He has big feet and the striping on this shoe really tones that down.  A++++ Very well made shoe!", "very comfortable, attracted blot of attention while in the Gym.I know they was expensive for running shoes but they feel so good on my feet while standing for more than 8 hours and jogging on a tread mill for 45 minuts", "Very good quality shoe. My husband wears these everyday for work and they have held together pretty well. They are really bright though, I can't loose him in a crowd.", "Great fit and looks, keeps my feet cool and work great with my nike+ipod.Do not walk on wet floors with these shoes or any air max shoe with this type of sole.these shoes seriously loose grip on almost all in-door wet floor surfaces like gym locker floor tiles.", "They were great sneakers, were a little too large, but still fit comfortably, Held up terrific for over a year and a half.  Had to replace the inside sole twice, but that was to be expected when I wore them so much.  Looking to replace them with the current model now!", "These shoes are great for boot camp style workouts. The soles are tenacious and grip into dirt trails/grass almost like cleats, ALMOST. I weight 200lbs and when you reach the limits of traction you are going down with a pulled groin. On any smooth surface besides concret and asphalt, hard cuts are not recommended.Some complaints about squeeking? That is not a fair assessment. These shoes are for running, working out etc.... If you want to waste them kick'in around town then your wasting your money. This is my 3rd pair. I switched from Air \"something or others\" and these are crack'in! More heel support places your feet in a better position to absord running shock.  You would think they are squishy and spongy, not at all. They provide firm support, not pillow like support.If you have bad knees and simply cannot imagine not running, these are also for you. They are so firm infact you can full out sprint in them with rebound galore. A great training shoe, running shoe, workout shoe etc..... After they expire after a couple hundred miles of running then wear them to the mall. Why waste your money on these if your going to hang out thinking you look cool? They are way too good for that.", "Very nice looking shoes but I was expecting more comfortable ones. It's a bit heavy. However, it can be used for both formal and casual events", "I purchased this shoe back in 2007. I use this shoe as a work shoe and I love it! I have been wearing these same shoes for almost 6 years now. They still look good, but after standing 9 hours a day 5 days a week they have a hole in the toe. I am shopping for the same shoe. I am attached!", "Folks I am a new stroke and turn official so I had to purchase all white sneakers.  They look good but way too narrow!", "These are a true 7.5 women's and are incredibly comfortable and supportive, providing a great service for working out with weights or heavy aerobic jumping, etc. The arch support is excellent. When they wear out eventually, I'll just replace them. They're the best sneakers I've found so far.", "Shipment arrived on time. Great service and product! I would recommend to a friend and will shop with them again.", "This watch is great gave it to my grandson for his birthday he wears it all the time.  It is easy to see and no guess work on his part, no excuses to come home late.", "I picked this watch up for $20, it appears it is now going for more like $90.  If you can pick this up for less than $40 I would say go for it, $90 seams like a bit much.", "The clock face is rotated to facilitate viewing when worn on the left wrist. Many left handed people wear their watch on the right wrist however. The watch face is rotated the wrong direction to be worn on the right wrist however. There is no right wrist version for left handed individuals. Big fail by Nike.", "I got this watch and it came brand new. The box was in perfect condition. The watch works great and looks great too. The only thing I can find about it that is a little annoying, is that the alarm button (the one that goes off every hour) gets easily pushed unknowingly.NIKE TRIAX FURY 50 REGULAR WATCH BLACK/RED WR0141-012", "nike makes great watches, meant to get the triax speed though,this is a good watchdoesn't do the countdown timer like i wantgot a great dealband holds up great, my last watch got kicked off in a triathlon, but worked great till then", "light, comfortable, easy to get on an off!my favorite shoes ever! Can wear them all day with no hurting feet or back!", "Live in Alaska, so they haven't been worn outside yet.  Using them on inside screen golf to break them in, which means limited walking.  Amazingly after only three times these are some of the most comfortable golf shoes I've owned.  I was concerned about a long break-in period - but, that concern has vanished.  Very nice - and would very much recommend them to others!  Thanks.", "I bought these for my dad, an avid golfer, and he loves them.  They are very comfortable.", "The company responded to the problem with the item and refunded with no concerns.  I was pleased with the customer service, not with the item - seems like the latest model syncs better with the other items it needs to.", "This sneaker needs to be laced just right so the heal portion does not dig into your anckle. It took several tries before I got it right. Once I got the laces correct it is a good shoe.", "I needed a workout/running/sweat on it watch and this watch has all the features I needed and was very reasonably priced. The fit is a bit stiff on my wrist as the band is molded about an inch off of the face before the polyurethane strap is free to bend.", "I purchased this as gifts for my teenage nephews. The item arrived promptly & in great shiny new condition. Teenagers are designed to break stuff so I can't really give an honest review on it's features and functions. The color options where nice. They matched their team's colors.", "It has a nice design.  It grips in place.  Adjustable.  The color changes based on the hue of your skin.", "I really liked this watch but it was HUGE on my wrist. I do not think i have unusually small wrists but it was literally hanging off and would easily fall off. I had to return it.", "I just got this today.  I pushed the buttons twice in order to set the time, the battery died.  I went to open the battery cover to see what kind it uses and the little ring seal came off, the spring that's attached to the battery cover came off.  Right off the bat, it's already falling apart, don't get me wrong, super cute watch, it says it has a backlight yet there's no button for it, I'll have to check that out too when I get the battery replaced.  If I ever do buy another one of these, it certainly will not be from here.", "i like the unique design and the features offered. it's both sporty and feminine. i use the chronograph and lap timer for my pool workouts. the alarm and time zones options are handy too. it's easy to program/set, although the buttons took a little gettting used to initially. the only slightly negative thing i have to share is that the watch face can be difficult to read at times b/c of the black background.  for this reason i give the watch four stars.", "I have another Nike watch similar to this one but different model.  I thought I'd buy this one with the color and style that would go with my regular clothes.  The white on black really makes it hard to see.  The button to turn on the light makes it hard to push.  The alarm bell (same bell used to signal the intervals) was not loud enough.  Can barely hear it and will not wake up the lightest sleeper.  I'm disappointed because my previous Nike watch (one with the rounder shape and has more prominent buttons) was a great watch.  I just use this watch to wear as a regular watch and not a sports watch.", "The watch is awesome. I was very impressed. It is the perfect size for a woman! I love all of the features and it is easy to use.", "I did a lot of research on this shoe and was torn to what size I should buy. Some reviews on other sites said this shoe ran big and a couple of reviews said they run true to size. I took a chance and ordered the shoe a size smaller than what I normally wear. When I received the shoe, I loved the color and design. The comfort was nice, however because I ordered a size smaller they were a little snug. I should have just ordered my usual size. I've never had a problem ordering from Amazon before and returning items have always been a breeze, however this company is the complete opposite!! I have never had such a hassle returning something before until these shoes. This company does not offer a prepaid label. If you want to return something to them, you have to weigh your package and then go to the shipping companies website (UPS or FEDEx) and make your own label. Then you have to find a drop off area or schedule you item to be picked up. Not to mention they charge a restocking fee when you send something back to them. Needless to say because of my bad experience I did not reorder the correct size through them.", "Good looking shoe.  The only fault is that you have to add a extra cushion insole for the shoe to have the ultimate comfort and best performance.  Even when you go to foot locker, they put the extra insole in when you try on the shoe.  The shoe is costly and Nike should go the distance to make this happen.  I just recently purchased another brand(less expensive, but a competitor) that was soooo comfy that it made me mad that Nike doesn't do this.  I have made the switch!!  Not a bad shoe, Nike is the best, but just be prepared to spend an extra $20.00 for comfort.  If all you wear is Nike, go to the mall and see the changes the other shoes have been making.  You will be amazed.", "they have lots of room in the toe box and are ultra comfortable. I love the colors and style, too.  I would definitely recommend these!", "I find they are about a 1/2 size big, but are very comfortable. This style is a favorite at my house.", "These are my first Nike shoes and, to be honest, I was expecting more from the so famous brand.Don't get me wrong, I like the shoes. I just don't see the extra value for being a Nike's.As said before, they are very light. They are basketball's shoes, they need to be light.They are also very confortable for walking and every day use.I just don't like the touch of feather like flaps on the sides (like silk). They are a little too fashionist for my taste.Overall, these go nice with most jeans and casual wear.", "Product as described, easy to navigate around site, and easy to purchase.  Would buy from here again.", "Can't beat the price for these kids Nike shoes.  I wanted a shoe for my son for Christmas that he could wear daily.  These are great.  They arrived in less than a week.  They seem to be excellent quality and well made.  For the price of Nike's at the store, compared to the price on Amazon, it can't be beat!  He is going to be very excited. Excellent looking pair of Nikes.", "I bought a pair of ACG's to wear in the Nightclub I work. I bought the ACG's because the nightclub I worked in was an old building and huge (25,000 square feet) where the plumbing behind the bars would back up as well as the ice bins (leaking on top of your feet as you make drinks) and beer tubs leaking as the ice melted, so there would be an inch of water on the solid concrete floor (behind the bars) after 2 hours of serving 2000+ customers every night. The ACG's were great for about 4 months as they are waterproof and comfortable, and then they started breaking down fast; the air pads all busted, and the out sole started coming apart by the turn of 6 months. Everyone seems to think they're great, so maybe I got a bad pair, or I worked in wet conditions to harsh for the boot.", "This review is late, but I bought these for my husband last year. He loves them. He doesn't use them much where we are, but for those few cold weeks, he goes straight to these boots for winter footwear.", "These are the second pair of these boots I purchased for my husband.  He liked the pair we bought for work use so much he purchased a second pair for leisure use.", "Bought these boots from a store in the mall, they are awesome boots,comfortable lightweight,and waterproof. My only complaint is the color wore off them on the front top of shoe just below the laces. It kinda turned gray greenish color but in all fairness I wore them in the snow and rain at work. I'm looking to replace them with the same boots again.", "Purchased as a gift. Item exactly as described. Fits very well and they are not too bulky considering they are size 13.", "This is now my fourth pair of these boots.  They are the most comfortable work boots I have ever worn and that is why I keep buying them.", "This is a grest Boot. It fits and feels like a sneaker but looks like a boot.Having to wear black work shoes all day every day, this shoe is a God Sent.The only reason i held back on getting another pair was i wanted to see if they were truly water proof.They are....right out of the box. no spary required. I recomend this to anyone who would rather where sneakers all day, no one will know the diffrence, accept maybe by the smile on your face.enought said ...now time to reorder. Thanks John DeL", "Lets face it, sometimes it is just easier to walk a mile or two than it is to deal with the high cab prices or parking fees. These shoes make walking very easy, are tough and provide a decent level of traction in ice. I would recommend that you use a little sandpaper, grips or even a bit of hairspray to help in the snow.", "I chose them for the cushioning, which is really nice. They are very stable and solid. Fairly lightweight (for a boot). They do feel a little like boots when I first put them on, but after a while I forget I have them on.Don't like the way the lace holes are not big enough for the laces to move freely. You have to pull each lace through each hole individually. You have to undo them to fit your feet in. I may look at enlarging them myself.Overall, a small inconvenience for the comfort and quality of this shoe.", "Very happy with the quality of the Nike Boot and especially the time in which I received it, I received them 3 days after I ordered them.  Thanks Amazon!", "Got them in a timely fashion. The price was fantastic I finally gotten what I wanted for a great price.", "I BOUGHT THESE FOR MY HUSBAND AND HE SAID THEY CHANGE HIS LIFE! IT'S LIKE WALKING ON AIR!", "I was more than pleased with the quality of the product along with the timely fashion that it was delivered. I really appreciated the fact that I was informed from the time of the order to the time of the delivery.The merchandise arrived in wonderful condition. And for now on I will be shopping more at Amazon then anywhere else.One Satisfied Customer!!!", "looks good, feels good and wears well. you can find more colors on ebay. best fitting and looking boot that i've had in a while. on par with lugs, harleys or whatever.", "These are the best, longest lasting boots my husband has ever found for work.  The air insole makes it much easier to stand for long periods and the shoe really lasts!  Too bad they are getting so hard to find!", "This shoe is the only one my UPS driver husband will wear. The front  and heel air pocket keep his feet from hurting him. The quality is spectacular and so well worth the price. We had been buying three to for pairs of lesser priced shoes per year, but these last a full year at least. We wish Nike still made the lower cut one but these do the job and they were cheaper here than in the few athletic stores that carry them. Having ordered them before we knew what size to order, but I would recommend finding them in store to try on sizes first then ordering. My husband usually wears a 10, but he gets a 10.5 in these to accommodate the foot swelling that happens from stepping in and out of the brown truck all day. It's nice that they are fairly water(weather) resistant also.", "Comfortable, Stylish, Functional, and most of all, I can wear it all day without the heels of my feet hurting at the end of my days work.", "this is my second pair of these nike boots.  they are the best work boots i have ever had and i've been wearing work boots for over 16 years now.  my feet are never cold and i work on a dock.  and they never get wet when in the snow or rain.  my first pair lasted me about two years and i could still get more wear out of them.  the boots came in a timely manner and were in excellent shape.  i would recommend these boots highly !", "I Been wearing these boots for 20 yrs or more. They are comfortable and wear very well. I have plantis fascitious in my feet and these boots make that condition a lot more bearable when doing alot of walking.", "I have been working standing 12 hours a day, six days a week, for the last ten years. And my feet hurt a lot. The ONLY shoe that I have tried, that relieves the pain, is THIS nike. I have tried the airmaxes (not the 140dollars ones but the 80 something dollars ones), I have tried the Sketchers shapeups (they hurt your knees, lower back and ankles, although they do alleviate the feet, I discarded them) I tried more than a pair of new balances, and I tried other brands.THIS is the ONLY shoe that helps GREATLY because it's so comfortable. (Of the ones I have tried).Nikes that are not full-air insole aren't as good.AND I am glad for the model IV BECAUSE IT IS DURABLE.I have had 4 pairs so far of Air Monarchs, and the first one was made of leather, so the upper part lasted well, but the sole completely broke apart! The blue and white separated after about six months of daily use. But I had to buy the same kind, because of my feet pain. The second pair was NOT made of leather, and the upper body broke apart in less than a year and the sole also disintegrated. Same with the third. But THESE, the nike air monarch IV are made of leather AND the sole design is different and HAS NOT BROKEN APART so far.Even if it did break, I'd buy them again cause theyre SO comfortable. BUT I am thankful for the leather and for the sole not breaking apart.ANOTHER THING. All my monarchs were white. I read a bad review on the black so I just keep getting white, although I would like the black better, if it had a grey nike logo instead of being completely black. But even being completely black, if they were as comfortable as the white ones, I'd rather get the black ones because I need them for a dirty job.", "I can't really wear it the right boot is killing me ankles I wore the boots twice and on the second time at work I has to take them off and luckily I had shoes that I keep in my office and put those on. The right boat hurtled so much I couldn't walk", "My son is on his second pair of this style of Nike Shox, which we hope will be made forever. Note that the uppers are mostly mesh, which means they are light, flexible and cool, but not waterproof. The design, without any side to side embellishment and the mesh make the shoe perfect for children with wide feet and feet that are not exactly the same size. Most of the styles have white mesh which gets a little dingy, but the quality of the materials makes these shoes last. My son wore them to school nearly every day for a whole school year. We bought him another pair and hope they do the same. Footlocker is the only retail chain that reliably carries the children's Shox line.", "GREAT SNEAKERS TO DO SPORT ACTIVITIES WITH. I PLAY BASKETBALL IN MY GYM CLASS WITH THESE AIR MAXES.", "Ordered them Jan 31.  delivery date was Feb 28+,.  Got them on the 14th.  Wide, but i wear orthotics so they fit perfect with them in.  Great cleats.", "She loved how comfortable these were and the color combination was her favorite. Throw in the Apple Nike + ipod sport kit and it's a great combo.", "Great shoe for my son, he plays lil league baseball & he feels they helped him run fast lol they stayed in great condition all summer", "I had to return this product because it had the same style number as an old pair I had, but they had changed the product. The company is easy to work with though.", "Perfect for outdoor running.  Very comfortable.  Fabric breathes even once moist.  Excellent purchase for price.  Would highly recommend to others.", "This was a Christmas gift for my grandson.  His mother told me he wanted these.  He was thrilled, and he is always &#34;in style&#34;.", "I returned them because I didn't like the way they looked on me. The company however was great with packaging, delivering and returning.", "I love these flip flops!!  I have 3 pairs.  The sandal part is made of neoprene (wet suit material) and fits in-between toes very nicely.  Unlike plastic or other materials that tend to rub and irritate your tender in-between toes skin.  The bottom is made of a very flexible, cushiony rubber material , that makes it very comfortable to walk around for hours.", "I run about 15-20 miles a week.  I used to wear Asics but I decided to try a different pair since I was getting bad blisters in the bunion area ( I don't have bunion and my feet are rather thin).  I tried about 7 pairs at the store and finally bought these model.  So far I can feel the difference, I'm getting no blisters.  The extra room on the sides is great.  The sole feels soft.  I totally recommend them.  Worth the money!", "I worked as a inventory counter for a year on my feet and I don't know how in the world would I survive without my air maxes", "The shoe was not leather like I expected it to be.  It looked cheap. So I guess that is why the price was so low. You know the old saying, you get what you paid for.", "My son really liked these sneakers and wears them all of the time. That's really all I have to say but this software required more words.", "I purchased these shoes for running. They are fablious! I will buy Nike shox again! They are sized a little small.I typically wear a 7 1/2 but in these it took a 8. Very nice and comfortable shoe!", "My son loves these shoes. I was debating because of the color but I found so much to match .", "Very flat on the bottoms, little if any arch support inside.  My son walks around in them as if he were wearing  cardboard boxes. If I could select the shoes that my 10 year old would wear, it would not be these.  However since a boy likes what a boy likes, I guess they will do, until they like all other Nike sneakers fall apart in the end.", "I use these shoes when I exercise at work - most times I work out in the warehouse - so these shoes are a must when jogging on concrete. The first time I put the shoes on it felt like I always had them. Very comfortable.", "These pants fit well and are well made, but I ordered them thinking they would help insulate in colder weather and the fabric is not designed for that.", "mm mm mm mm mmmmmm  m  mmm mm mm mmmmm  m  m  m  mmmm  mmm  mmm mm mn nn nn n n", "The seller never provided the size of the sandals, so I assumed it was 10 based on the title of the shoe.", "I love this shirt so much. It came quickly. I wasn't expecting it so soon. I will be buying a lot more from Just Do It 4 Less!", "I am a huge fan of Nike Air and decided to purchase another style of Nike  these shoes rock in style.. you cannot see it clearly but the soles are peppered with colored polka dots coordinated to match the upper sole. I purchased two pairs in different colors. ( red) and .( purple)... I gave 4 stars because I believe the comfort level was a bit lower than my Nike Air.", "Fit well, shipped on time, my husband loved the material and fit. I will order another one in a different color soon.", "I usually do not spend a lot of money on shoes, but I'm glad I did!!.These are the most comfortable shoes that I have EVER owned!! The colors are bright and I love the fact that the strings stretch a little bit to help get your shoes tighter. I will be buying more shoes for my kids soon!!Thank you and I will be ordering again soon.Jason Osterhoff", "very good&#65292;match with the photo, brand new and clear,it is worth of this price.i may use for body fits.", "Theses Nike slides are comfortable and cute all at the same time. Made an awesome gift. The size, arrival time, and fit was wonderful.", "If these get wet, you're screwed. They will stink to high heaven no matter how many times you clean them.  Otherwise they are great. Very comfortable.  For best results only wear indoors with socks on.  If you're feet sweat, and or these get wet, they will retain the stink forever.......", "Bought them as a gift as requested.  I assume that's what he wanted and would like!  Kind of expensive, though.", "We purchased this as a gift for our grandson. He gave us a list and we ordered. Every time we see him he is wearing them. He just loves them!", "My husband swears by these slides.  After a long day at work, these are the first things he wiggles his feet into and then feels like he can relax.  Very well made, as all Nike brands are.", "My son loved the slides. He uses them for after basketball practice. The picture of the slides to me did not do the slides justice. They look better in person.  Once I placed my order, I received them quickly.  Great purchase.", "They are very comfortable! I love these sandals I enjoy wearing them!! They are great sandals if you are going to travel!", "these flip flops are very comfortable and they look really nice too. but i hope this pair lasts longer than the last pair i had which tore up after only about 3 months.", "These sandals provide comfort and style if you are the athletic type and for an affordable price as well. I extremely recommend these sandals.", "Great comfort and fit for a sandal.  This is a much more comfortable pair than my last sandals like this from Jordan's line.", "These open toe slides are extremely comfortable, high quality, durable, and attractive. My 4 stars are simply due to the most important thing on these slides - The Velcro Closure. I personally prefer Velcro and they are very easy to adjust. However, Velcro in general is best &#34;locked&#34; together when you first receive this item or when you use velcro in general. If a lot of adjustments are being made (undoing, redoing the velcro because your little brother with same feet but skinnier than you want to wear them), the velcro gets a bit hard to stick for a longer period. The inside is very comfortable.", "the slipper is very comfortable i enjoy wearing it everyone likes it  ibut need more styles amazing blah blah b", "Very well made and very comfortable.  Adjustable via velcro top.  Am extremely pleased with this high-quality and reasonably priced product from Nike.", "Well worth the money! They are a great investment would purchase again but don't think that will be necessary. They are a solid sandal you get what you pay for.", "Love these slides! I've had 2 different pair of nike slides but none of then come close to how comfortable and attractive these comfort slides are. There a great buy for the price.", "wonderful and comfortable. acceptable prize. if you don't worry about the money,go get this. and it is also adjustable,so just buy without worry.", "Great quality, and very comfortable sandals.  I would recommend these or buy some for a friend.  3 months use and still no sign of any tears or rips. I would buy these again.", "Great sandal, fits well. Have owned this before and dog chewed it up so had to get a new pair! Love them. Adjustable Velcro is great. Got here in reasonable time even considering the snow storm that hit the easy coast. Would definitely buy again", "The shoes fit comfortably and are very stylish for wearing. Also they shipped fast and are just great.  Just great overall.", "I love love love this pair of sandals they're the best pair i ever had bought in a while and i am a shoe person", "These were bought for my teenage son and he absolutely loves them.  They fit true to size and are a very comfortable shoe.", "For some reasons, the company sent me the wrong size. i ordered size 12 instead i receive size 15. i gave to a friend and he is happy about it. he said they are comfortable.", "My husband loved these.  While other reviews mentioned they ran small I think what they really mean is narrow.  The 15 worked well for my hubs who typically wears a 14W.  Loved them just as much as the Under Armour sandals that are impossible to find.", "Nike Mens Comfort Slides are awesome.  This is my second pair very comfortable and provide just the right amount of support for me and my back.  Have had a few injuries so slides and flip flops never seem to work however these are perfect.", "I looked around my home town for 2 weeks for a pair of sandals as we were going away. Two weeks before we left I decided to find them on Amazon. Once they were purchased they said I'd receive them between 7 and 14 days.I received them in 5 days, counting weekend days. I was happy with the purchase when I received them and was without a doubt happy, after a week of wearing them. If your looking for a sandal, these are like walking on air.I've been Amazonized (If thats a word)Thank you, I highly recommend the Sandal and Amazon.", "There great most comfortable sandals every it's like temperpedic fluff it's just the best u can buy for the price", "They arrived on time and are wonderful looking sandals, but unfortunately the bottom is  plastic that will be slippery going up steps to a jaccuzzi which they were intended for. And even with the straps tightened , my husbands foot just slid forward which also wouldn't be safe. So I will need to return them --darn!", "I bought these for my son who is 13 and involved in various sports. I guess the big thing is to wear these before games. I am ok with this as it will make the other shoes last longer...in theory.I asked him last night how he likes them and he said...&#34;love them, they are so comfortable&#34;To be honest I may have to get me a pair as he is correct, they are comfortable. Does this mean I need to participate in a sport?", "4 stars only because they don't make wide and extra wide sizes, I had to opt for the 11 instead of what I normally wear 10.5 EE. Still they are nice, and do what I need them for.", "These would be great slippers.  They don't feel like sandles.  I would not purchase these again.  Not a good buy.", "the title nike gave the slide is true to me...comfort.  I feel like I am walking on pillows. I wear them all the time.", "Great Christmas present for a person who works on their feet for hours! Easy to adjust and the gel provides excellent support.", "Look better in person and they fit perfectly not to big or to small and they're very comfortable I definitely recommend 5 stars", "These were purchased as a replacement for his slippers exactly like these...they were shipped on time, they fit perfectly, and they are comfy!", "The shoes appear to be well made and sturdy.  I guess the real test will come when my son wears them.  First impression - great shoes.", "I ordered these for my son as a Christmas gift. The sizing was spot on. He loves them. He wears them everywhere he is able!", "After a while of wearing these, your feet start to hurt. Overall, i feel like this isn't worth the money.", "These are great shoes....they look great and the price here on amazon can't be beat!", "Momma is happy because daughter is happy.  She hasbeen wanting a pair of these sneakers and she justloves them.  They look great on her too!  The dealerwe purchased from was awesome as well. Thanks for All!!", "These boots are very warm and keep your feet dry.  Living in DC, where there were 3 blizzards (so far) these helped me get through drifts and slush.The only drawbacks for me are that I have plantar fasciitis and the soles are not stiff enough to provide any arch support.  I also have big calves and could not tuck jeans into the boots.  I misjudged the picture, thinking the soles were stiff and thick.These are very, very comfortable and I may try orthotics for support, but I don't want to take away from the warmth of the faux fur lining.  I get many compliments when I wear these and they are different from the Ugg-esque boots you see every where.", "I thought this pants were more resistant; on the contrary, I received a pair of pants that look like compression stockings, completely transparent which is not comfortable at all while exercising", "Wish they still made this shoe.  I love Nike Air Pegasus and have been wearing them for years.  great shoe,", "I've owned several pairs of Nike Free and really like these shoes as well. However, these seem to fit a little wider than the other Frees I've owned.", "I ordered 9.5 but I received 9 !! I am not happy !! And I don't have time to deal with this situation bcz I am working !! That's why I buy online !!", "the color of the shoe in the pic was nothing like it was when it arrived at my house. rilly pissed", "I bought this thinking I could use it to carry my gym membership card and a car key without having to stuff things in my pockets. But when this arrived it is so small that only a key and some tightly folded money would fit in it.  It looks very well constructed and the reflective  feature is great for runners. I just wish this was big enough to carry an ID, etc. Seems like that would be a common item people would want to take, but maybe it's just me.", "We don't get a lot of snow and ice in Texas, but when we do I am glad I have these!", "the shoes look greata little different from the pic actuallybut i like them a lotnot as confortable as air shoes but ok", "great shoe great price fit s like nike should they go great with just about any thing I wear very comfotable", "i purchased these boots for my son on amazon well worth it i recommend these boots for the price.loving it", "These shoes are pretty nice for girls.  The picture doesn't shoe but the tongue has a little bedazzle on it.  I didn't see it in the pictures but was pleasantly surprised.  My daughter likes them a lot and uses them in middle school basketball.  She complained after the first wear because the back is a little high....but now since she has broken them in she loves them.", "The shoe that I received was this one it was the completely black on black one. I'm not sure as to why I didn't receive the shoe that is posted on this pic. Apart from that everything else was fine with the shoe", "I think the shoes I got from this place were fakes, I had the originals when they came out, if they were made cheaper than the others, just the feel of them, they did look cool.", "They fit well play basketball in them and had them on a black gold party they give me height and that y I have it a 3 star", "I bought these as a christmas gift for my husband.  They fit perfectly and he was very pleased with the color and quality.  The colors are extremely bright in person!", "Ken Griffey Jr. was probably baseball's best player for most of the '90s and this Mariners color scheme made me remember those days. I love these sneakers as they provide great ankle support (velcro closure after you tie the laces) and look good too.", "I love them shoes its worth tha money dnt cheat your self treat your self... everybody else like them to...", "I bought the same pair in white at the Nike store and was very pleased with the quality and fit. The pair I bought on line was obviously brand new, but the leather was not as soft or as high quality (almost like plastic rather than leather). The fit is the same, but the comfort is not as good. Still, since I could not find these in stores I'm glad I got them.", "Working as a personal trainer I like my shoes to be extremely lightweight, flexible, low profile and look good! The best I ever had was from OTOMIX, back in the days of 80's bodybuilding, these were the shoe! Since they closed down, nothing has come close...until these! awesome, I LOVE THEM! Only thing is that these shoes dont really allow the feet to breathe, making your feet very moist, sweaty, and sometimes smelly. i hate wearing socks, and these shoes feel perfect and comfortable. Socks make my feet too hot and too confined, and my feet get sweaty even with cotton socks, so they are useless to me. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE SHOES!", "The Musique IV is a great Zumba shoe for narrow feet.  My feet are a average to wide size, so I will keep on looking...", "I have been a Zumba instructor for 3 years. I have yet to find a pair of shoes better suited for me than these.  They are comfortable, form fitting, and best of all durable, not flimsey like so many other dance (zumba) shoes I have tried.  Im on my 3rd pair of black and I highly recommend them !", "I literally took these out of the box and did a Zumba class with them and was very comfortable.  They are very well constructed and attractive looking.", "I love these shoes for Zumba! It took me two years jumping and twirling-or attempting to- in tennis shoes for me to finally decide to buy some suitable shoes for dance. I checked others reviews before making my decision. Besides getting great reviews; these shoes were reasonably priced.", "Allows for easier spinning on the balls of the feet and lateral movment. True to size, but is a little tight in the toes.Four stars because there isn't much arch support, but I fixed that with foam arch support inserts.Overall a much better option than doing Zumba with running shoes.", "I purchased this for my mother as a gift.  She liked them so much that she went to the website and purchased the same pair for someone else.  Great service, and I'd buy from the company again without hesitation.", "I used to wear my Nike running shoes until I bought this. First day of use and I could already feel the difference. My knees and ankles didn't hurt anymore when I do certain moves, especially going on tiptoes. I made it a point to order a half size bigger from previous experience with Nike shoes and they fit perfectly.", "I started Zumba a year ago and the first few times I wore regular sneakers, my ankles really hurt. So I saw these online and ordered...they are wonderful! The ankle problem no longer an issue upon first wear! They are light and comfortable and slide easy, too! I would totally recommend these for Zumba!", "Purchased for my wife who is at the gym 6-Days a weeks and goes through gym shoes quickly.  She also has a wide foot.Had trouble finding this show stocked locally in her size.  This retailer not only had her size, but a good price and great customer service.", "I have never been one to wear sunglasses but after trying a pair of the nike's on in a local store I found them to be really comfortable.  I now have a pair in white and a pair in brown and wear them everyday, they are really comfortable and have great color for sunny days or even gray days.", "Cool show they are nice and love the color's very comfortable shoes to wear. I like them alot. Total freak for them.", "I wear these shoes for 12 hour shifts with lots of walking.  I love them and highly recommend them.  This is my second pair and I will purchase a third when needed.", "I have never purchased on line before except books and I have to say that the experience was very easy.  Except for the shipping which I could not figure out how to do cheaper it was an excellent experience.", "I bought these shoes because I love to work out. However, I found that they are not a good running shoe. They give me terrible shin splints but they are good for any other use.", "I'm a t-shoe freak (at 70 yrs!). My total is 27 that I actually wear.  I first saw this model on eBay and I loved the color combo but the seller had nothing close to my size.  9 is a perfect and they're like wearing slippers.  I have gotten lots of comments on them not only because of the color but also \"the look\" they have.  the outer skin is actually made of rubber so they won't show the wear.  That's a big plus with me.", "The way they filter the sunlight is simply amazing.. i just cant find another pair of glassed that do the same, you can go from direct sunlight to a shadow and not even feeling it, they work great indoors, not like most sunglasses that make imposible to see in the shadow!..", "I have worn size 6 shoes all my adult life without a problem, about 30 years. So when I put these on and felt they were a tight fit, it never occurred to me that they might be too small, and I choked it up to new shoes needing to be broken in. After two days however, my toes started hurting and it was then when I compared these to the old Reebok sneakers that had been replaced and found out this pair was about a quarter inch smaller. Thinking that Nike shoes come smaller, I reluctantly went to a brick-and-mortar Nike outlet and bought another pair after trying them on. A different model, but still a size 6. I compared the two pairs of Nike and this one was still a quarter inch smaller.", "I had to send them back because size 9 was way too small for my foot. The design and colors and the lightweightness of the shoe seemed great. What I didn't like was that there was no loose tongue. It was integrated into the shoe, therefore the tightness on top of my foot couldn't be loosened.", "THE DYE IS WEARING OFF AND THEY LOOK AWFUL. MY DAUGHTER HAS TO FILL THE SPOTS BACK IN WITH A MAGIC MARKER.", "Bought these for my mom. They run small by about 1/2 a size. She loves them though. She is on her feet all day and says she wants another pair they are so comfy.", "Love these shoes!!! Awesome!!! Super comfortable, work great for work, I'm on my feet walking for over 12 hours.  I do nursing work and yoga so, these shoes make my feet happy.", "I bought this backpack back in March and have used it for everything ever since. I used it for going swimming, going on field trips for school, going up to camp, and I used it for track. It's an amazing little backpack. You can fit pretty much anything in to it. The only problem I had was that the strings would get all messed up so it wouldnt be even and then id put it on and it would be all lopsided but I fixed it so its all good. So I would recommend this. Its very easy to use and its pink too!!", "I really loved these shoes.  I used them for work however and they got ruined in the mud LOL!  Not recommended for outdoor working.  Great workout shoes.", "It's been 2 weeks and the shoes are amazing. Very light weight and a great fit on my feet. However, it's the grip that I found surprising.  Great shoes!!", "love the shoes, recieved them for Christmas but usually wear 10.5 and I seem to need an 11, so beware they run a bit small.  Otherwise, love them!!", "I purchased the Sweet Classic all white Nike tennis shoe because they are my favorite style of shoe since the 80s.  I purposely purchased a name brand thinking it would last longer.  I basically just walk and do the typical yard work.  The left shoe split above the arch where the leather meets the rubber soul.  The outer leather layer split but there is an inner liner that did not split.  Very disappointed. Reebox and Addidas have similar styles.  I just purchased the Reebox version and will see how that goes.", "shoes fit perfect were shipped right away vender was easy to deal with price was great very very happy with purchase", "I received my white nikes and they were just as described. They were very comfortable and I enjoy walking in them.", "very fast shipping, love the shoe fits good. they did start to crack around the arch and rubber but still like the shoe", "They're classics so if you like to keep them clean and white and only wear them on occasion like me, then they squeek and rub, but that goes away if they're an every day choice. Very bright white!", "should have read more feedback- arrived quickly just not the real thing I feel- soles VERY STIFF- ok just NOT impressed =(", "Does anyone really care what I think about these shoes? I liked the color combo, I purchased them they fit.  End of story", "Very unconfortable shoes, I have blisters all the time wearig them.I liked the disain and the trade mark, but these are alfull. I wouldn&#8217;t recommend them to another person. Actually I regret that I  bought  them.", "Great deal for the money. As always Nike does not disappoint. These are good looking shoes that yes I do get compliments from.", "My hubby LOVES these and wears them regularly. The wear well and the sizing is spot on. Would order these again.", "I LOVE these sunglasses!!! This is my second pair, as my first pair broke after having had them for a few years and putting them to use. The polarized lenses are great for driving or doing anything on the water.", "This product came in mint condition. The only complaint I have is that it did not come with real directions for how to work it. There were poorly written diagrams that made no sense in the package. But I figured it out and the watch works great.", "i was LOVING how this worked, how comfortable it was, the backlighting, just everything about it....then before a year, the band developed a small crack which just kept growing until the whole thing split apart.  there's no way to replace it as it's all one piece.  to be honest, i never really thought the whole angled face really worked for me while running....but i was disappointed.", "I was charmed with the set, I remained delighted with the fabric, the colors. My baby enjoyed it until it went on to another height", "I have a bunion and this shoe was one of three brands with wide toeboxes my doctor recommended. This is the 2nd pair I've purchased and will definitely purchase this brand/model again. I'm a runner and run 15-20 miles per week.", "Excelent for after swim, would be better with velcro instead of the zipper,Get a bigger size since it is not easy to put on being wet after swimming", "The quality of the parka and it is warm!  I'm a new swimmer and didn't have the proper  clothing for early morning swimming!  Now I do!", "Great construction, warm, comfortable.  I find the cuffs a little hard to get my hands thru without holding the inner fleece sleeve at the shoulder, but once its on, its real warm, and comfortable.  I use this for changing out of wet clothing after kayaking in the winter.  No more struggling with a towel, or driving home in wet clothes.  Now I can get dry and warm as soon as I get of the water, and am so much more comfortable afterwards.  A great product, I would recommend to a friend if asked.", "I wear these sneakers to the gym 5 times a week - and I love them! They are lightweight and not to wide. I can certainly feel the difference in my heel when I walk at a fast pace on the treadmill with the extra rubber under my heel. I am buying the black ones next!", "Very comfy shoes. The only problem I have is the shoe laces do not stay tied!!  lol otherwise great!", "I bought these sneaks for my 22 y.o. son because of the value v. look of the shoe.  When they arrived, I was so happy w/how nice these sneaks were, but most importantly, my son really liked them and wears them often.", "This is my second pair of the Nike Zoom Sister One+ training shoe and I really like them. I had struggled with terrible and debilitating Plantar Fasciitis in my right foot for over two years when I bought these shoes. I had tried everything for relief when a shoe salesman at my local shop told me that the latest word on treatment for the condition is going barefoot as much as possible and steering clear of built up, highly engineered shoes for athletics. He suggested these shoes(from another shop, even!), I bought them, and I have not regretted it. I now have relief from foot pain and my legs get an extra workout from the minimal support. The only reason I rated these pink Nike Zooms a four-star is because they actually developed a hole in the upper after just a few weeks. But I do not believe that is standard--just a fluke--since I still wear my first pair. FABULOUS shoes!", "like the look and style of shoe. Like the school boy style of this shoe. they look great on my grandson feet", "My Son Love His Shoes. I Will Be Buying Another Pair They Are Truly Prefect And Are True To The Size.", "Gave these as a Christmas gift to my fiance'.  He loved them.  He loves Jordans and couldn't wait to have the Air Force/Jordan combo.  Thanks Amazon!  And they shipped super fast.", "Colors appear slightly different (paler in person), but still very happy 8 year old.  They certainly ran true to size in my opinion.", "Got these for my mom, who has an irregual gait. She likes them and she's very peculiar about her shoes. She had an older pair and needed to get another one because she liked them so much. They're hard to find in her size (for a good price).", "I am hard on sun glasses so I am a big fan of the flexon. These glasses are not made from it. The side stems are made of cheap metal just like all the others. The main frame that holds the lenses are flexon and virtually indestructable, but the side stems are NOT and lasted me about a week. Boo. I know I could probably return them but then they could have been more honest about the materials. Karma will have its way.", "The shoes were recived on time and in advertized condition. Excelent product. NIKE Cortez Basic Nylon '06 Blue Sneakers Shoes Mens only available for order in my area. This is a popular shoe but the price is fair.", "These shoes are very good looking and extremely vintage.  BUT, they are also very small.  Order one full size larger than what you normally wear.", "The pair I received were irregulars the left shoe was distorted and after wearing it for 10 minutes made my heel hurt. This stuff should be labeled as irregulars. Thats why this product sells cheaper here than say footlocker or some other large retailer. If I would have paid about $20 more and bought it elsewhere this would not be the case. Not paying for returning defective shoes.", "This is considerably smaller in size than other sneakers.  I wear a size 13 in every sneaker that I have worn for 20 years and never had a problem with fit.  This shoe is way too small for me to wear", "I looked in every store in the mall and NO ONE had these old school shoes. They are great people!!", "Bough these for my husband and got his normal size but they run small.  Had to return them and get a size bigger.  They look great though great throwback shoe.", "Have loved the Cortez since inception. Very comfortable and still a great looking shoe Even my 11 yr old wants a pair.", "He is so proud of his new shoes.  He keeps asking, &#34;Do you like my new shoes?&#34; They were comfortable right away. They look sharp!", "Fit great.  I like the all leather shoe for walking in the grass.  Doesn't get water on my socks. Great product.", "These are the coolest, best fitting, stylish, retro shoes around.  I have been stopped two or three times by strangers complimenting me on these shoes.", "These shoes are awesome because of the fact that they are comfortable and look good for being &#34;old school&#34;. yeah", "Love these shoes, they are a good buy, and they are true to size.  However, my squarely conservative husband is not really comfortable with the style; pointed nose and somewhat &#34;feminine&#34; in his opinion.  Sigh...", "I love the old style of the cortez. They are just what I expected. plenty of compliments and I would definitely recommend.", "Always buy Nike brand, this was a great price and came on time. Nike is always a good brand, can't beat it.", "I think I didn't realize that the sizes were a bit smaller in Nike or something, because I don't buy Nikes that often. It was a present for my dad but the shoe size was way smaller and instead ended up as a present for my little brother.", "Retro look and speedy ship, what could be better than going to the store, I recommend this item for those that grew up in the 80's like myself.  This was before Air Jordan and days where sneakers hardly ever costed more than $50.  That has all since changed as we all know", "I bought these shoes for my boyfriend and he absolutely love them. The price is great, they look really nice and he finds them very comfortable..", "I ordered these shoes and they never came , i called shoebacca and they sent me a new pair immediately . I didnt even have to hear from UPS. These guys are very friendly and very customer service oriented. Every shoe i order from Amazon is going to be from shoebacca.", "They are just as wonderful now as they were in the 80's. They fit great, are light weight and so very comfortable. Hope to buy more in the future.", "They fit great, I didn't think they because I needed a 10.5 but they weren't available so I got the 11 and it turns out that they fit perfectly.", "this gift is for my hubby i havent given it to him yet but im sure he will love them... i bought him a black pair a few months back and he absolutley loves these shoes he says they are the most comfortable pair of walking shoes hes ever owned!!", "The Nike Cortez will always be a stylish and classic look in a world fool of increasingly hideous and over-priced sneakers. If you are a regular Nike customer, you should stick with your normal size, maybe half a size bigger. If you usually wear Sperrys or other shoes with no sole, you might want to order a full size up. I usually wear a 10 in Nike's and I got a 10.5. Had a bit of room but overall the shoes were very comfortable. Love the look. Can wear these shoes with pretty much anything. Happily surprised with the extra white laces that came with the black and white shoe. If you are a classy dresser, these are a MUST HAVE!  Shoes shipped as expected and came in perfect condition but if this company wants to make me a lifelong customer, they should offer free return shipping for ordering the wrong size.", "Be Sure to order a half size bigger. these cortez' seem to be very small when made. but all good, and fast shipping.", "My 14 year old son loves these shoes.  They fit him perfectly and he says they are extremely comfortable.  Highly recommend them.", "I purchased these original Nike's because I had a pair when I was a kid &I really liked them.  They fit a little snug & I ordered a half size bigger than I usually wear.  Kinda wish I'd have ordered a full size bigger.  They're still Nike's though &I do like them.", "I bought these for my husbands birth day and my vato loves them. They came 3 days earlier then expected. It was awsome he is in love with them so worth the buy will be back again for more. Thank u ! Their beautiful", "great classics. they're great. nice and clean looking as expected i even bought some for a friend who lives away.", "Llego a tiempo, aunque me hubiera gustado que llegara mas rapidoEn excelente estado y originalesLa talla correctatodo bien :)", "Thanks for your speedy service. These shoes and like wearing a cloud, they conform to your foot and disappear.  I just ordered a second pair.", "This style of shoe, tongue sewn in, is hard to find in stores. We bought the first pair in Germany so excited to purchase in the states online. Good fit. Good price.", "These were a Christmas present for the hubby.  He loved them!  I think Nike makes great products and these sunglasses live up to the brand.", "I purchased one pair at a local store during a Christmas sale. The online price was better than the regular store price so I bought two more for the other cars.", "Was very nice And very confortable i recomend this product are so soft And i always use it And  i Will buy again", "THESE SHOES ARE NICE BUT THEY ARE TOO NARROW TOWARDS THE TOE.  IF YOU HAVE WIDE FEET THESE ARE DEFINATELY NOT THE SHOES FOR YOU.", "These types of Nike slides are very comfortable.  I bought them for my boyfriend and he said that they are one of the few slides he's had that don't dig into his toes.  Be careful if your feet are wide, though, because they are very narrow and your usual size may not fit.", "Do you like comfort with a dash of pizazz? Do you often find yourself wishing you had better luck with the ladies? If given the choice between swagger or class would you laugh and fuse the two together like some fly ass dragonball z characters? If you answered yes to one, none, or all of these questions then this is the product for you. Not only are they bitchin cool and super comfortable, but they can also be used to smack a fly honey on her rump while she's twerking. You'd have to be from squaresville to pass up these mothers!", "This product was GREAT!!! not a five cuz i was kind of expecting a softer cushion for my feet. O well, for this price it is worth it.", "Great flip flop, water proof. A little small but it fits fine. Works great as a shower shoe. I really like it", "If your foot is tall or wide you'll find this sandal is very unforgiving and you will be constantly trying to push it back on.  Otherwise solidly constructed and comfortable.", "The size 13 is the same as a size 12 I had purchased from a local retailer earlier. I have an older pair of these and the size 13 was much larger, which is what I wanted.The quality of the shoe is as expected from Nike.", "feeling not bad, it worth the price, it's a pretty nice sandals. The picture does not look like the actual product.", "Comfortable, but not extremely durable. They got really smelly and I put them in the wash and now the leather is wrinkled", "i real like Nike Benassi JDI - black/white there the best sandals there the best for the Price is good", "These sandals are great for when I finish a basketball game, where I take off my hyperdunks and switch to these quickly, basically a simple sandal. Although it runs kind of small on the width, and my friend's actually ripped. We both have regular, non-great width feet so maybe a size up would be better", "Because the top part is not adjustable I recommend get one size bigger to fit more comfortably otherwise you need to push your feet all the time", "got this in size 10 fit nicely,gave it 4 stars for the look and comfort,wish they were heavier feels kinda cheap,will see how long these will last..not bad for the price. thanks amazon", "My son wanted these for Christmas and I believe he likes them? He hasn't said so I don't really know?", "I bought these for my son and he likes the way they look. He feels they are a little tighter than he'd like, but he wears them with socks.  I think they will stretch out with use and then maybe they will fit better. Otherwise, they seem well made and look good.", "This was a gift, but as far as I know the receiver loved them. They were packaged nicely and arrived promptly", "looking fresh in my nike's.fits great looks dope and stylish.classic nike cool sandlesmakes me look dope while lounging !! YUP.", "They fit my boyfriend perfectly and look great. The price is awesome and well worth it! Love how they look.", "This is a very comfortable (padded) shoe that fits true to size. However there are little tiny &#34;just do it words&#34; all over the top of the shoe. I think this logo is a little out dated, but you may like it.", "I bought for my busband for x-mas.  He really likes them and the fit well.  Just what I wanted perfect fit.", "True to size perfect for the beach or water park I use them at the gym everyday after a shower easy to clean comfortable slip on", "Not all nikes are made perfectly I suppose. :( the length was true to size, however; it was not meant for people with normal or wide feet. It was made for people with straight feet!!! Just decided to keep it. Did not want to hassle with returning it. O well......", "I love slides. These were perfect and I wear them any time I can. Glad to not have to go in a store to find them.", "This product is just as it shows on the screen...kind of plain but my 13 year old cousin loves them and wears them daily!", "Purchased these for my grandson and he loves them. He wears them often and this seems to be the style", "My son loves them and says they are comfprtan;e in every way.  He wears a 13 but I bought a 12, and they are still just a slight bit big, so they do run at least one size big.", "I bought these for my 11 year old to wear in between basketball games, I think they are a perfect starter sandal if you don't or can't spend the money on more expensive pairs. The sole is very hard and plastic-y and the part that goes over the foot is very cushion-y and soft. He hasn't complained about them and they were well worth the money I paid for them.", "I bought these for my husband. He always likes having something easy to put on when going out for a quick moment so thats why I chose these. He told me the fit is exactly how he likes it not too tight or loose and the strap going over the foot is comfortable.I ordered these in a size 12 and I didn't a  need  larger size.Overrall my husband likes so 5 stars", "The shoe does come a little small, but it gives it a tight hug on my foot.  That said though, the laces are a little small too.  The material is very comfortable and has helped me while I recovered from my blisters on both of my foot.  It is also very light weight as described.  What doesn't get me is that it is not water-resistant.  I could be running around my neighborhood on a rainy day and I would be fumbling on hills with every stride I take; it is that slippery, but I seem to manage with the dry weather here.  Other than that, it has a really great style and sleek detail.  I got the full-black one because I was going to use it for work also, but the blue-trimmed one is pretty sick as well.", "I bought these as a work shoe for my son.  New job required that he be on his feet all day.  His comment was &#34;FEEL LIKE I'M WALKING ON PILLOWS&#34;.  He expressed they were true to size and that his feet didn't hurt at all during the day after working an 8 hour shift.  Wearing with a pair of black slacks they are put together well enough that you almost don't realize they are sneakers!  For somebody standing on their feet all day I'd recommend these as an alternative to dress shoes.", "Sneakets were slightly small for the person pirchased for. He likes them a lot but says they are not the best quality Nikes he has received. I asked & he said he would give them an &#34;8 or 9 out of 10&#34;& &#34;4 out of 5&#34;...", "Like them so much, I'm ordering another pair to wear outside the gym.  Am completely satisfied with the fit, cushioning, and stability, and am wearing them during my ACL surgery rehab.", "Scuff up easily don't recommend.  I thought this design would be easier to keep clean this was not the intended.", "I ordered these shoes for my 22month old daughter. Her feet are really thick right at the top and the shoes that buckle are too tight. I really love these shoes and so does she...they are really comfortable and she doesn't complain if she wears them for an extended time. Highly recommend!", "I had purchase this item for my boyfriend because the price was great  but then we broke up before i can give them to him. The sneakers came quickly and were much better looking then seen online. When ask to get a refund because i would'nt be given them as a gift anymore the company give me a refund right away .", "my son really loved these sneakers.  As he says they look good, feel good and roll with style.  Can't go wrong with these sneakers.", "These are really Great Shoes and the second pair of Nike Air Jordans that I have bought for my husbhand! I love them because my husband loves them. Hey, if anyone was going to name a shoe after the Great Micheal Jordan, they would have to make them just like these shoes....great looking, great comfort with bragging rights! They also got here in time for Christmas!!", "I love these shoes. They are light weight and durable. This is the second pair I have had in this series.", "I got these shoes as an every day work shoe after it was recommended by my pediotrist.  I needed to have extra arch support after tearing my long plantar ligament.  These give great support and are really comfortable.  They even look good as well.", "Time to retire my previous size 9.5 Nike Zoom shoes, I was pleasantly surprised to have this 9.5 fit the same exact way.  Having high arches, I really like the way the Nike Zoom seems to hug my feet and supports my ankles.  I am on my feet all day long and unlike so many other shoes I've worn, I find that I don't need to add an additional insert in these Nike's.Cons? The &#34;purple&#34; is more a berry color, IMO, and the laces are a little too short.It's been a couple of months of wintry weather along the NJ Shore and constantly wearing my Uggs has really bothered my back.  After just a day of wearing these Nike's, my back is no longer complaining.", "I've always worn Nike for running.  Within the last few years I've been using the Nike Zoom Vomero.  I especially prefer them for long runs where I need a little cushioning.  I have a neutral gait with medium to high arch.  I always buy a half size larger for running shoes.", "I got this as a christmas present to my wife.  She says it is her favorite running shoes EVER!!.  I say Cha Ching.  I have a blue pair of these running shoes.  Basically, they are light but with lots of support.  I run about 4-6 miles 4 times a week and  have no complaints about the Vomero+ 8 shoes.  They fit great, don't irritate and are light.", "Fits perfect. I feel bad because I bought them to run in but they are to pretty and really comfy.", "i love it, is perfect the shoes are very soft and are good to do exercise in the mountain or the gym or anywhere. Good Price!", "Usual yearly Christmas gift for my wife this new model fits her a little bit tighter than previous vomeros which is the oh shoe she runs in", "I love this shoe as I have been purchasing them since the Vomero 5's. I will continue to buy them if they keep making them. Love the support in the arch and use as a daily shoe and a pair for running.", "I've warn this shoe couple years now and was thrilled I could still get a new pair before Nike changes them again and I need refitted.", "I have purchase Nike's Zoom line several times before and this shoe fits great and looks good.  The quality is the same as a store and is holding up as expected.", "I order this shoes back in Summer 2011 because my old shoes will fell apart and this shoes are okay but there is little hole and front of the shoe.", "Ok, I should have known. You do not put air pockets in the dryer.  They expand, go pop, and then your shoe is useless. And that's what happened.I was surprised the colour was as loud/neon as it was.  Still acceptable though, but it didn't look as loud in the original ad.  As a shoe it was fine. Air is cheap a good marketing ploy, but not better. Although it is light.", "Bought these for my husband for Christmas and he loves them. He's a shoe addict and has almost a hundred pair of sneakers and he said that these are very comfortable and stylish. He did mention though that they were a tad big tight (near the instep area) but loosened up as he wore them and now they fit perfectly.", "These are big head turners especially in the Volt color.  Non stop compliments/comments.  Shoes are very light and comfortable.  I am not a runner, use these for everyday walking and some gym time but not running outside.  They are pricey but they are top notch and you get what you pay for!", "feels tight.  I hope it stretches.  I live overseas and cannot be bothered to return from a diplomatic post office address", "Looking around on amazon.com I found a product that I think is overrated. The Nike air max 2013, these shoes are the running shoes you see everybody wearing. Ads call them the new hot swagger if super stars got them why don't you. So many people fall for these Ads, but me ii think this product has a problem with it time span, all the different color, there's so many more problem with the shoe. The product has some good qualities but the shoe its self is just ugly for the price there sold for in all stores. These shoes are over priced at $200 a pair. This is my negative review about this product \"THE PRICE\".The prices for the Nike air max 2013 I think are overpriced. Why they cost so much is because of the product description, the Nike air max 2013 running shoes are the most flexible of its kind. People say when they go running the shoe is so flexible it fills as if there were no shoes on their feet. The shoe is so lightweight its 1.5 weight makes it fill as if you could run forever. I also think the prices for the Nike air max cost so much money is because of how comfortable the shoe is to the users.The shoe immediately out of the box looked cheap and seemed poorly made. The style of the shoe looks like it's not made to least still it's one of the best of its kind. People all over the world buys the Nike air max 2013 for running and running only it's understandable why, the shoe is great for running but the shoe is way too ugly to cost over $200. I think people would buy this shoe just cause of the ethos super stars put on about the shoe, cause to me the shoe is not all that great but like I said the shoe do have good quality use for athletes of all kind.", "I own so many pairs of the Nike Airmax. I love them they are comfortable, great colors, I get compliments all the time. I have had several surgeries on my foot & these shoe are light weight, flexible & are great on my feet & have no problems with my foot that has had surgery. The only people who find negative remarks are those who are too cheap to pay the price or they can't afford them! You only have 1 pair of feet for life treat them well, or you will have problems when you are older . The only problem I have had is trying to locate my size in the color I want. They are sold out before you can buy them. As long as there's Nike Airmax I will continue to purchase them !", "Like the fact this sneaker is light as a feather. Great style, very comfortable & Nike+ compatible. A must have for 2013", "it broke down the chamber lost the air i thought it would last more,not that good at all, not recomended", "heap material used to make it and over priced. It is not worth the price. Shame on this fake Nike.", "this was a gift for my son, he absolutely liked them, they fit very good and he said they are confy", "my son loves them he wears the shows every single day and he was so amazed when he got for the first time and he never had air max so this is anew expirence for him. I also recommend It for everyone when I got the other type of nikes they told were bad he says it really suits him we'll", "As one other reviewer said, I have also been wearing Nike air max for so long I can't remember wearing any other type of shoe. Something about walking on a bubble of air always fascinated me. But this year I think Nike missed the mark. The most obvious change is to the tongue of the shoe. Or whatever this thing is called. It's extremely thin made of some type of nylon. Reminds me of the same material rain jackets are made of. It's so thin I have doubts it will last very long. Its like a flap of fabric, no cushion to it at all. The tongue is so thin and small that I have a hard time grabbing the thing when pulling them on me feet.  I typically buy new Nike once a year. But the feel of these shoes does not instill confidence in me that they will make the entire year. Maybe it's just me. But I feel prior versions were made of better material. I will keep them simply because I need new shoes. But if I had seen these in the store before I made my purchase online, I probably would have chosen a different year model. Don't get me wrong, they are still Nike Air max. And if you wear Nike as much as I wear Nike,  then they will do just fine. I just don't like them compared to prior versions and I think the tongue is a cheap thin piece of ----. That's my two cents. Still a good shoe.", "they're a little spongy for running on a treadmill, but they're great and comfy for every day use.  They take a few times wearing to break in, beware, I found the soles to be pretty slippery until they had a little wear on them.", "So comfort, light weight, nice look. Fit tight but I still feel so comfort. I was looking for a nice red running shoe and this is the best option. Nike is Nike! I love it!", "THIS RUNNING SHOES IS THE BEST THAT FIT WELL. VERY NICE PRODUCT, COMFORTABLE AND PRACTICAL. EXCELLENT.I REALLY LOVED THIS SHOES.", "I'm in my 50s and run 3 times/week, 2 to 4 miles. These provide nice cushioning for my knees, even running on asphalt. At this distance, they last almost a year. I can't compare them to any other shoes, since they work for me I haven't tried any other brands. My only complaint is the cost. At $150 they are EXPENSIVE!!! Good thing I only need to buy 1 pair a year.", "I just about choked on the price but went ahead and ordered these just after Christmas to replace something else he had received.  He LOVES them - says they are the most comfortable sneakers he has ever owned.  The soles look cool when you watch him walk away.  Hopefully they will wear well.", "This is a great product.  I paid less than I would've at any of the local sporting goods store in my area. The only negative is that the seller is in the UK.  But it was well worth the wait.  The seller answered all my question and was very attentative to my request and questions.  If you don't mind two weeks to get the product it's well worth buying this product.  I would most definitely do business with them again.", "This has quickly become my favorite training / workout shirt for the gym, a long bike ride, and even mowing the lawn during the hottest part of summer.  It's well-proportioned and extremely comfortable.  The flat seams mean no rubbing or chafing, and the lightweight material keeps you cool without weighing you down.  This shirt does an excellent job at wicking away sweat, and the mesh vents under the arms and between the shoulders improve breathability.  Unlike some shirts I've tried, these never feel damp or clingy or clammy no matter how hard you're working out.  I've got a drawer full of them now and see no need to buy any other brand of training or workout shirt.", "got a medium size so it can fit fitted. perfect for teaching classes at the gymim 6,1,  42 inch chest and around 33 stomach?.fit me nice and snug around the chest and the vents on the back and armpit area are great.it feels like your not wearing much even when its really hot because of the vent holes are pretty bigthe front part of the shirt is pretty stretchable. so is the sleeve area. the back part is a little less stretchable but itlooks like its made with bigger holes to vent out the hot air and sweet", "Awesome they fit perfect! the color was the same that the picture shows, I don't have any issue with this item", "These are the real deal...fit great and excellent for skateboarding. Bought them as a gift for Christmas and my friend love them.", "These shoes are light weight. They fit like a glove. Unlike other running shoes I can barely tell they are there and if you have ever taken any running classes, you'll know the key to great running is barefoot. Well, since the toe shoes creep me out and I will not run barefoot, I think these shoes are the second best thing. They run a little small so get a .5 size bigger than your usual. I would buy these again.", "Shoes look wonderful but my daughters foot is a 11 and not a 10.5. She thought she  was only 10.5. Really need to find that shoe in an 11.", "Very comfortable!  Lightweight - great for circuit training and other forms of high intensity cardio.  And I love the colors! Highly recommend!", "Since I didn't purchase these for myself, I cannot attest to the comfort they provide or the quality, but being a Nike, I am going to assume they are great. My Daughter-in-law uses them as her workout shoes, and hasn't complained about them. Not that she would - but she wanted them for her workouts.", "I bought this for my work out buddy who is now my girlfriend she loves the color and she stands out more when working out ZI suggest all women have a pair this color", "I didn't get these from amazon, but a different store and I'm glad I did. Because I'm usually a size 7, but you need to get a size up, because they're a bit tight. I got a 7.5 and they're amazing!!My previous shoes were hurting my feet and my knee. But running in these, NO PAIN! They're great!!", "only tried these indoors thus far but excited to give them a try on the trails etc in the spring. so far fit is excellent (true to size) and they provide support whilst being super light weight.", "Very happy with this purchase! Love the style and comfort. Thinking of purchasing a second pair. I would high recommend this shoe.", "I am not a runner. I am a diabetic who is on her feet all day. I love these shoes. They are very light and flexible and have great ventilation. Because I have to take very good care of my feet, I am very careful about areas that slip, rub, or put pressure on my feet. These are almost like wearing slippers. I have had them for a few months and they still feel great and look great. I wear a 10 and the fit was just right for me.", "These shoes feel like they are part of your foot.  Cushiony and stretchy but stable.  Excellent fit. Look great too.  Not as stable as ASICs but a great casual athletic shoe.", "I did not buy this shoe from Amazon, but I've had 2 pairs of these, and I will continue to buy them until they stop making them (hopefully never!).  I teach very high impact fitness classes, and my shoes wear out every 3-4 months. I also have problems with my feet (bunions & toe issues), and I have never found a shoe that doesn't hurt my feet in one way or another.", "I usually wear 6.5-7 and had to get these in 7.5. Once I got the right fit, very happy with the performance and look of these running shoes. No more shin pain! The vendor was fast with shipping and delivery.", "I love these shoes!  I wear them everyday when I walk/run. Very light weight and so comfortable. I strongly recommend them.", "What a beautiful running shoes. So light and the colors are amazing. I wish i bought them sooner and not waited until xmas.", "Best sneakers I ever owned. And I get lots of compliments on the striking vibrant colors. They are light and flexible with enough support to make you feel you could run for miles. Which I did when I ran my first half marathon in them!", "Great shoes - very comfortable, great flexibility and enough cushioning to wear on the streets of NYC! and they look great.", "I was hesitant about buying a pair of shoes for my wife online because I wasn't sure she would like the fit. Turns out she really loved the shoes. I earned quite a few &#34;brownie points&#34; with this choice.", "Very light shoes-love for summer as not all leather.  These do run small.  I bought a whole size larger.  Like the different colors Nike puts out", "These are good running shoes for someone with high arches who need extra support & room for your feet. There is enough room in the shoe to add my arch supports. The only problem I have with these shoes is that the sole seems to wear down on the ball of my foot quickly. I have to replace the shoes every 2-3 months when running three to four times a week.", "I ordered this for my husband and I really love it. Thank God it fits him perfectly and he likes it too.", "i purchased this shoes for my husband for Christmas. he loves them and when he is not wearing the shoes he stores them in the box they can in...lol he is so protective of his new shoes", "These shoes keep up with my style of play, fast. Bought these about 7 months ago and I like them even more now because I adjusted to some of the initial foot problems, so very durable. The shoe may be tight for some which can result in a rub of the toes and cause blisters but I just doubled my socks (thick socks) and I was fine after that. Also, I don't know if it was the shoe causing my shin splints but when I would put these on and play a pick up game, my shins would burn. Now I play a warm up pick up game in my runnings shoes, stretch for a bit, put on the visi pro's and all is well. These shoes are a huge help for people who have weak ankles and have to defend quick players.", "excellent product ideal for the practice of basketball, which is the sport that I practice. we'll see how long they will last.", "Amazing shies, so light...perfect , best relation price-quality.... recomended  . . . . . . . . . . .", "My grandson is wearing these and loving them.  His previous pair had been worn for over a year and I guess he would still be wearing them if they hadn't became too small.", "I bought these shoes for Christmas and they arrived on time and exactly as pictured and described.  The are of good quality and hopefully will be exactly what my family member wanted.", "very nice and comfortable I recommend, are great for jogging and for everyday use of everyday, I recommend it to everyone who likes walking.", "Sleek and black. Nicely made shoe.  True to size. Hard to buy shoes on line and these fit really well. Shipping was fast and packaged well.", "Bought this as a gift for my bf who absolutely loved it!  He mentioned how light (weight) it was when he wore them -- very comfortable and was able to move quickly when playing ball.", "The color of the shoes are true to the picture. Very comfortable to wear and I would recommend them to anyone.", "This was a great gift and the color is cool with a comfortable fit and they are made of a tough rubber that will hopefully last", "What can we say? Jordans - great sandals, great brand, ....yeah, great logo too! For teenagers, it's all about the logo - an 'original Jordan' logo", "these Jordan shoes are very comfortable.  They arrived before Christmas Day.  They are  much more comfortable than the Nikes....Perfect gift.", "These slides are perfect!  My sone is a basketball player and he wanted them pretty bad!  He loves them and he looks good wearing them!", "Great fit and price! THESE ARE THE ATHLETE SLIPPERS YOU MUST WEAR TO SHOW-OFF YOUR &#34;JUST-DO-IT SWAG! LOVE THE WHITE AGAINST THE GRAY! A+++", "Pros:Amazing ankle support and rigid soles for support.  I play a mild recreational basketball tempo at a gym and I can tell you that cutting, jumping, and running are all with ease on these shoes.Awesome materials, very strong construction.Cons:Just have to adjust the laces so it is loose enough for your feet to slid on and off, if not it could be an ugly battle to where you might not win.  I have tried and been defeated many times.", "Bought it as a gift for someone and he really loved the style and color. Stated the fit was perfect so I'm really satisfied with these sneakers", "Exact size and fit. This isn't a first nike pair, so I knew the size to order. It was last minute Christmas gift and it got here right in time.", "My sister loves this top.  It fits well and is durable.  She loves to run and found this top to be great for training for her marathons.", "I bought my wife this Nike long sleeve top because I had a few of these type shirts and she wanted one for herself. She loves it and likes the comfort of this style. It looks really good on her and I gave it a very high rating.", "I bought these for my Son's Birthday (he loves Nike brand).  He says they are very comfortable and wear well.", "I was a little skeptical at first but after a thorough inspection The sneakers were official, fit like a glove and I love them! Get them while they're hot!", "They're Nike's!No one else at school has them!They're &#34;old,&#34; so they're new!Buy them for yourself or your child!", "I ordered these for my son and after I ordered - was concerned that they might be fakes.  I ordered next day shipping and they arrived the next business day - no problems at all.  My son did a thorough inspection and told me they were the real thing! He loves them.  This is a great seller and I highly recommend them to anyone.", "I purchased these for my nephew. he loves them. they are great quality and he says they are pretty comfortable.", "I'm in love with these shoes! They are 100% real amd fit perfectly. I get alot of compliments on these every time i wear them.Delivery- Delivered by DHL. I was hardly able to track them. Arrived a day after the earliest delivery estimate (due to the midwest snow storm, our city (Detroit) shut down the post office and waste collection for about 2 days).Packaging- Came in an amazon bag with a regular Nike shoe box (a little beat up, but shoes were brand new). Receipts under the shoes.Product- Like I said, I love these. What you see is what you get, and you most likely will NOT be disappointed.", "At the beginning I was skeptical it was going to be fake and oversized because I didn't really trust online shopping but they came in on-time, fitt perfectly and were original! I love them! I recommend these services for everyone..", "I love the color, they recently came out with a new color also that isnt half bad.  This color goes with a lot of clothing and the design is very basic but elegant in one.  Get these if you can on sale.!  Authentic from merchant.", "Came really fast in the mail!!Also, perfect fit, color, quality, and style!My husband absolutley loved them!the color is very vibrant!", "nice is for my brother giftgood pricei like the price and colorI recommend this chosethanksi", "This shoe is perfect for working out in.  It has great arch and heal support.  If you are also looking for a light weight shoe this it it!  I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a versatile athletic shoe that is truly comfortable to wear.", "These things are garbage fakes.I ordered these a month later the shoes starting bursting at the seems.They tell me oh that is normal wear and tear you need to go through nike.Hello! i can't send back fake garbage that your selling.As of today, 12-22-12 the soles are coming apart.I've had LEGIt nikes last me years and these only lasted a few months", "Been wearing these for several years now.  Great support and wear well.  I use them not only for running, but everyday wear as well.", "He may not exactly be an athlete, but he sure looks cool.  The shoes fit nicely and look very sleek.  Hubby struts around in them (and he looks cute doing it!).", "My husband loves the color, and they're Nike; what could be better for him! They are also good running shoes, and they are Nike Shox.", "Item came home in two days with prime. Those shox are little harder than I expected. May be I should try them few days to get a feel :). Satisfied.", "Great support, perfect for walking around or cross training at the gym! Already planning on ordering in other colors! Great service, highly recommend.", "I thought these were real nike shoes, due to the expensive prices. I was wrong. They are made of cheap materials and a lot of the items on the shoes are glued instead of switched. Don't buy shoes from this company. I run at least twenty miles a week and these shoes started to break down after one week. Save your money and go to the store. They have glue marks all over the shoes. Nike's Quality control would not allow this. They are fakes. I go through these nike shox about every four months, these shoes didn't even last a good week. Please if you are buying these shoes to save money you will be dissappointed, because they dont feel like nikes and if you look at these shoes they are not real nikes.", "My son loved these shoes. They are true to size. Very sporty. As usual, high quality from a high quality company. You get what you pay for with these shoes.", "These shoes look great on the recipient and he says they are typically Nike comfortable.  I was happy about how quickly I received them after ordering.", "To start, I haven't actually ran in these yet. I work in a rehabilitation clinic and needed something more comfortable than dress shoes since I was on my feet the entire day.My only complaint is that they are a little narrow in the heel. It's not uncomfortable, just something I'm aware of the first few minutes of wearing them. It has diminished in the past week as I am breaking them in.I also recommend you try these on at a local store before buying them online. As reviews on other sites have stated, the Nike sizing can vary a lot depending on the style. I was a full size over what the sizing chart recommended.They look great. I can wear these in a professional medical setting and they will not draw attention and keep me comfortable throughout the day.A good purchase so far.", "These shoes are the best. They really help since I have had my major knee surgery. Thank you for the shoes.", "The outer material is unique(rubber) and they mesh breaths well.  Very Comfortable and what you would expect from a pair of SHOX.", "I love this shoes, It's nice and I going to use every time because is confortable and look good for me. I select this punctuation because shoes are as shown in the publication.", "Bought these to replace the SAME shoes my husband had. They seem more plastic-y, cheaper made. The &#34;plastic or rubber&#34; part that was sewn on before is now &#34;painted&#34; on rubber? The nike stripe is painted on as well. For $100 bucks I expected better, especially from Nike.", "These shoes are made out of garbage. I have them for less than 3 months and they have ripped at the seams and nothing can be done to fix it. They are pure junk. do not buy them!", "Big fan of Nike Shox!  I was a little concerned how they would look since I was buying online, loved them.  They were a gift for my oldest son and he loved them too.  Fit nice, good construction and look great on.  Very happy with this buy!!!!", "Got these for my brother for Christmas.  He always wears a size 10, but he couldn't fit into them.  So we returned them and reordered a size 11 and they fit good.", "I think they are ugly but my husband will love them.He wanted these for Christmas, so I hope these fit", "Brilliant really love them, absolutely perfect trainers. Thought the shockers were going to be to solid, after afew work outs they became perfect.Quick fast safe secured shipping.", "Product was perfect and much cheaper than in the store.  Glad I made the purchase and got what I wanted", "THIS SHOES ARE NOT CHEAP CONSIDERING THAT HAVE TO BE SHIPPED TO ECUADOR. HOWEVER MY FRIEND WHO WAS THE ONE BUYING IT LOVE THE NIKE BRAND AND ONCE HE PUT THEM ON JUST TELL ME \"PAL THESE SHOES ARE REALLY CONFORTABLE\"", "I bought these &#34;boots&#34; for my son ( kid's just wont wear boots) and he LOVES them. They are stylish and do the job.", "My son was satisfied with these shoes. The shoes matched the outfit that he had very Well. It was the perfect color.", "I purchase many thing on amazon this one thing I didn't.There isn't a person I even know that can fit a men or women 10.I don't know how this got on my purchase history.", "Good quality & fit. My college son wears them every day as we walks across the campus in Madison.Loves them!", "The product arrive well before the expected delivery date.  These boots are awesome.  They fit true to size for a boot and are some of the most comfortable boots I have ever worn.  I was a little worried that they would not be sufficient for snow, but they stand up to the elements.  I would order again from this seller no problem.", "For my son. He stopped wearing his other shoes for the last month. Apparently he likes them. Seem to me to be well built and overpriced.", "i liked the shoes they have great style and are very soft i just got done playing my hole year of basketball in them and it always felt good to play my games in them and now i use them for P.E at school", "I bought them solely because they match the US Navy new PT gear, but I was surprised at how comfortable but supportive they were during workouts! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!", "Item was delivered when promised. Item was exactly what we ordered. And I was a little concerned since once the order was placed the picture of item changed. The picture now associated with the purchase was not what was ordered or shipped. Glad the glitch did not effect my order; )", "I was hesitant about purchasing shoes online for a holiday present. These arrived in great shape, brand-new, and in such awesome colors. I'm 100% certain the recipient of this gift will love it!", "Ive owned shox since I was 25. now that I am almost 40 I will still never own another kind. Shox are the best for your feet. I am a firm believer of this style and brand 110%. They feel really comfortable on your feet, and kind of give you a bounce back when you are running long distances.", "These shoes are the most comfortable fitting and feeling shoes I've ever owned for walking and running. they were comfortable right from the very start. I now have 2 pairs. I use one for my walking /running, and one for work as a Registered nurse.", "I love the colors of my shoes and they are very comfortable but the air pocket in my right shoe has sprung a leak. This occured through normal wear, not from heavy running or extreme workouts and it happened after only a month or two. I still wear them and don't really notice that much of a comfort difference but they make some squealing noise when air is released from my busted shoe.", "Super stylish retro kicks, and not too bad on the comfort side. If you're looking for a high quality running shoe, this is probably isn't it. But if you want a fairly comfy, stylish casual shoe that looks great with jeans, then this may be for you.", "If your child has to wear an uniform and needs a black shoe, this is great for everyday and gym days. My son loves this shoe.", "My daughter ordered these and they were the wrong size! Not any fault of Amazon or the supplier. My daughter is not going to be ordering online unsupervised anymore.", "only one little and stupid thing need to be mentioned is that the size is a little bit small and narrow than what it was marked~~~some of my friends told me that it is the \"tradition\" of Nike~~~anyway enjoy itBTW, i got it from some small seller with a discount price since they only have the size which is exactly the ones I need~~~", "Los compr&eacute;, los estoy usando son lo m&aacute;ximo. Llegaron muy r&aacute;pido estoy muy contento con el servicio.", "These shoes are very comfortable, the foot feels very secure and stable in it. Only the size is a little tight.", "I REALLY LIKE  THIS SHOE I WILL BUY AGAIN IN THE NEAR FUTURE REALLY COMFORTABLE AND FITS REALLY GOOD YOU HAVE TO TRY THEM", "They are very comfortable and fit well to the foot. I have always used this brand and I was not surprised by the way they fit and they way they feel to my foot. I recommend this brand this kind of shoe to everyone.", "For the price of these Nike shoes, I am somewhat disappointed in the product.Although I can't really say there is anything wrong with the shoes, they just don't feelcomfortable as my other (less expensive) Nike &#34;Air Monarchs&#34; and so the new shoesremain in the closet for now and my feet are currently wrapped in the comfort of my oldNikes. Too bad, I expected more...", "I love Nike Air Max 90's. They are true to size, extremely comfortable, and durable. These shoes are the real deal and came brand new.", "I love those shoes ar&eacute; my prefered, some time I has proved others but no those are The best Of all, Thanks", "The shoe fits very nice and very comfortable. The color was catching and the price was very right. I will be ordering again real soon", "love the shoes, thought the color would be more red than they turned out to be.", "the shoes my son likes best. They are light and comfortable for everyday use. For running, walking, and playing sports with friends.", "CUS THEY ARE DIFF  GOTTA PAY CLOSE ATT TO WHAT S ON YOUR FEET , AND WHEN THEY SEE ......", "Since purchasing these shoes I have been getting women pregnant and leaving them. I've developed a taste for Hennessy and malt liquor. I am able to out run the police on foot. I have this amazing ability to slam dunk a basketball (I'm only 5'1.) These are the greatest shoes eva..ever..sorry. I gots to go now. Holla!!!", "Nothing bests a new pair of Uptowns.. Classic style & look for all generations.. Enjoy a fresh pair if icy whites :-)", "It is heavier than the normal shoe style but I just really like the Nike Free +2 shoe style.  I wish Nike would bring it back.", "This shoes are very very original and good to buy, only one thing, you must order it half size or one size bigger because due to the multiples belts to tie the shoes is a little uncomfortable to wear the right size, beside that everything is great", "I have been ordering shoes for my kids from Amazon for the past 7 years, always we get what we order and never had any issues. This makes my kids happy.", "I choose this shoes because my son is too much active, love sports and he is usually running everywhere.  This shoes are comfortable and tough enough.", "Work in a hospital and on my feet all day.  They are very comfortable and keeps me going all shift.", "Es un calzado de alta calidad, bellos, comodos, los recomiendo 100%, mu buen vendedor y responsable, el producto es exacto al de la foto, feliz con mi compra.", "Exactly what I wanted...I wear shox all the time....and have many pair.........I was very pleased with these as well....and got them in a very timely matter......", "These shoes meet all of my expectations and then some. Would buy them again in a heart beat if they were still being made.", "This is a very good running shoe for people with sensitive feet like myself. The shoe is very flexible and well padded without being too heavy or boxy. Shipping was prompt, and the shoes actually look better in person.", "Awesome shoes!! Very light weight and sturdy construction. I love running in them, and they fit perfectly. Would definitely buy again!", "The colors are vibrant and the quality is exactly what I'd expect of NIKE. My boyfriend has a little trouble with shoes fitting correctly, but these are true to size. He tells me they are lightweight and comfortable. He's a bit of a shoe snob as he runs all day at work.", "I will admit that I mostly use it indoors on treadmills, ellipticals, and while lifting weights. I walk with it outdoors but haven't taking it on a cross country run.  So far it's held up well.", "Not something I would run in , but more of a lounging around shoe.  I got exactly what I wanted.", "Too tight on the top sides of the shoes. Besides that it was good but I'll think twice on spending that much on a tight shoe again", "Bought these as a gift for my son who already has this same nike flex but in another color.  Obviously a great shoe seeing as he requested same kind but another color. He does choose them for their comfort and not just for the &#34;looks&#34; of the shoe as he is an athlete.", "He really likes his shoes, very light weight and he says very comfortable, would consider another purchase. He highly recommends.", "These shoes fit perfectly and are very lightweight weight which makes for great running shoes or comfortable shoes to wear if you are doing a lot of standing or walking around throughout the day. The sole has a pretty thick layer of cushioning which is pretty noticeable when wearing them for hours or during high-impact exercise like running.With the vibrant yellow-green &#34;Volt&#34; color, they are pretty noticeably bright, but the color has definitely grown on me.I've had them for couple of weeks now and have gone on probably 8-10 runs and long walks and have had zero problems with them. My previous running shoes were Adidas and needed a brutal breaking-in phase that gave me blisters and excessive foot pain. These Nikes are the total opposite, being comfortable and ready to use right out of the box, with no breaking-in phase.I seriously love these shoes!", "This tennis shoes were a gift for my dad, the guy just loved them, they are ultra light and the quality of the product can get better", "I consider always is great know when some body is happy with the product, I really like it. Thank you.", "They are amazing shoes for track and running and amazing traction but dont get white soles unless you have cleaner....they get dirty fast", "My fiance loves these shoes. He generally gets this style and they were on sale so that why we got them.", "These shoes are great. Feel confortable and the air can enter from the front of the shoes you feel fresh while running. Really light and confortable. I will buy 2 more just in case there will be no more like this :)", "Choose this rating because the nikey shoes fits me good and I love how they feel that why I give them a good review", "I bought 5 pair's of Nike's, I wrote a review, for the wrong one's. Although, I ordered the same exact pair, in the same exact size, I've decided to keep those, as I bought them for my roomies b-day, and, he liked them so much, I gave him the second pair, as well.I only tried on the exact same shoe's, in a different color, I assumed they would fit the same, but, they did not, surprisingly indeed, but not uncommon, when the shoe's are Nike's, which I love, and is my style.Sincerest regard's,Jeffery McKinsterNike Flex 2013 Run Grey/Volt Mens Running Shoes", "My husband had been wanting a new pair of shoes and when I saw these I knew that he would love them and he does they fit perfect thank you!", "Nice shoes! I wear 10 in nikes perfect fit. They feel good so far. Bought them to run in. We'll see how that goes", "I love the performance of the Nike Flex. They are very lightweight, flexible, and comfortable. They do run a little small so you may have to order a half size to a whole size larger depending upon how snug you want the shoe.", "This is a nice looking shoe. It looks and fits great. At first look, my son thought the yellow was too bright, but once he tried it on he loved it.  He may change the shoe string to grey, but it 's a cool shoe and he was happy with it.It arrived quickly.", "nike is nike.... the best shoes I have ever had... recommended 100 percent, fit as expected. i love them. unique", "Son loves the comfort, but mom doesn't like how it shows dirt and hard to keep clean.  Thinking of using the washing machine but not sure if that is a good idea.", "My stepson actually bought these for me.  I chuckled because, as a runner, it's a no-no for someone to buy you running shoes.  Certainly would not have been my first choice.  To my surprise, though (and because I'm cheap), I decided to put off buying my next pair of running shoes and try these out one day at the gym.  Really expected NOT to like them.  To my surprise, they're great inside.  They are now my favorite shoe for indoors.  I also recently bought a pair of Brooks Glycerine also.  These are SO much lighter than the Brooks.  Only reason I didn't give them a five is they aren't as great outdoors.  I've only wore them on one outdoor run and they don't give great support for pavement.  They are more of a mid strike shoe too, not as much of a heel strike shoe like a Brooks or basic Ascics.  If you're a more experienced runner, you might like these as they are not a minimalist shoe, but not as fully supportive as some of us need that are heel strikers either.  Feather light.  Made my Brooks feel like weights.", "This is like my 5th or 6th pair great shoes but they look greyish on the computer but they are white white.", "We bought these FLEX nike shoes for everyone this Christmas, and everyone loves them.  Very light shoe, a perfect gift!", "These are one of the most comfortable shoes I have owned. Light weight and very good fit. The fit is true to size.", "These are really nice shoes and Amazon does a nice job of getting them to you in a timely fashion. I love being able to get clothing online without any trouble to my self and Amazon does a great job of that in this case.", "These shoes are light and comfortable!  I bought them for running but I find myself using them more for running errands!  Why can't dress shoes be this light and comfortable?", "Lightweight shoes, good for running. I'm not using them yet, but i just checked they came without any detail, so i'm glad.", "Bought them for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves them! He said they fit perfectly although normally he wears a 10.5 and we had to go one size up. They are comfortable and give him the support and comfort he needs while at the gym. He's given them 5 stars without hesitation!", "Shoe is the same as that described by seller, and it is comfortable, very light. I like this pair of shoes. I would recommend to my friends.", "The shoes are very narrow fitting, and fit tight. If you are an aaa shoe I would buy them for a child.", "I just received my order in Peru South America, to find that we ordered :a Big Kid size 5.5 Soccer sneakers  are actually about a size  8 adult. What happened?? Returning them back from Peru to the US would be more cost than the senakers themselves :(", "this nike shox looks extremely awesome.............never saw a shoe so nice for the longest while.i won't regret having one.", "These are excellent all-around, and well worth the price. They are very comfortable (especially barefoot), well-made, good-looking, fairly lightweight, and definitely durable enough for what they're designed for - running and working out. Unfortunately, these are almost impossible to find anywhere, even online... (The men's version seems to be common, though.)Despite running true to size or very close, these have a snug fit compared to similar shoes of the same size. Going a half size larger might not be a bad idea.My only complaint would be that the laces which come with the shoe are rather short, especially if one doesn't like to lace their shoes very tight. But that is easily remedied.", "I was very happy with my purchase. They look very cool in hand and on the foot. Soft, flexible and great for walking. I am thinking about changing out the inner soles for something with extra cushion for running but I generally have to do that with all of my running shoes. Good buy!", "I absolutely love these cross training sneakers.  They were the best investment I made.  My workouts are so much better because I have the proper footwear.  Love them and will be ordering more.", "Excellent fit. My 11 year old daughter loves these. She has to have all black for school, and these are perfect. Nike always has a great product and you get what you pay for. Shipping was fast even though we do not have prime.", "I chose the rating because this shoe is absolutely a comfortable fit! It feels like my feet can breath. I would recommend this show to a friend and or family member. It also matches my outfits.", "The shoes came right on time and work wonders! Not only are they comfortable for walking throughout the day, but for weight training as well. They truly are a great investment!", "I love these shoes! They're extremely comforatable and stylish enough to wear with jeans. They stayed comforatable through Zumba, weight training, and jogging. They're easy to get dirty though.", "These shoes are the great!!! The multiple pairs or Shox I have purchased for the most part are very comfy and great looking and well worth the money!!!", "I am very happy with this purchase.It was delivered on time. The product is great, at sight and when you wear it.It is exactly as shown in the picture and very very confortables!", "I was delighted to fine this sandal as I had shopped in person and was never able to find what I wanted.  This is what I wanted, fits well, and it was received quickly.", "The fit was fine. But the material is terrible. It makes your feet sweat. And looks so cheap. These aren't even something that I would wear around the house.", "I like slipping on some socks and then wearing these when I'm feeling somewhat bummish. They fit well and product came on time.", "These sandals are a perfect fit , they are very comfy too and I am very satisfied with this purchase", "I like it but there are no cushion for this item. But it looks good and my girlfriend wears it everywhere.", "Bought for my teen, after looking everywhere for something similiar.  They are really comfortable, made well, and my teen loves them!Great buy!", "Bought these for my daughter, she loves them, comfortable and sturdy. The top is padded well, so no rubbing wrong.", "I am size 8 1/2 which was exactly I received but this item shall be 1/2 size bigger ( size 9 ) to feel likesize 8 1/2. Feel very tight and not comfortable when wear it.", "this shoe is very light. My daughter is a barista and on her feet the whole shift.Says this shoe is so comfortable.", "I've had achilles tendinitis (actually tendinosis)all my life, with it finally slowing me down pretty good after about age 55.  At age 61 I finally found out about barefoot running and googled to find shoes designed to work like the bare foot does.  Nike Free's do this and they seem to work.  Read the reviews at [...] of people who own them.  The version I bought is this one, and it's great, but if you want a different color or something, you might want to pick another Nike Free after reading reviews of people who own that particular version.I'm running and doing more high impact aerobics again without it killing my feet and I credit these shoes with a lot of that improvement.  They are also as comfortable out of the box as any shoe you will ever buy.  I bought two more pair as soon as I saw how much I liked the first pair, so I don't know how long they last.  However, they are the only shoes that work for me so I'll keep buying them until they are no longer available.", "What I was looking for comfortable adjustable bought 2 more in different colors for all my girls they love them", "My daughter wanted these Nike slides, she said they are comfortable and loves, but they slide off easily do to the silk like material.", "Love these sandals.  Wish the strap did not have to be so tight, but after wearing a few days they fit great!", "Um excelente produto , muito macio e leve, e com um preo fora do comum.Recomendo a todos, como digo que comprarei mais.", "These are so comfortable its like walking on a pillow. The color is very nice and they look exactly like the picture.", "These are very comfortable sandals, and the comfort footbed has really helped to relieve some recent pain in my metatarsal area. I also love that the straps are adjustable so I can tighten/loosen as needed. Considering ordering these in other colors too!", "The sandals seem to be a tad bit smaller than what I would usually assume a shoe or sandal of this size would be, but they work. Also they are super comfy!", "I wear a size 6 in running shoes (I'm a true 5 or 5 1/2) and the size 6 fits great. I probably could have done a 5 1/2 but definitely not a 5. The strap was a little stiff at first, but loosened up once I wore them around for awhile and got the straps adjusted right (yay for Velcro).", "the size was not just a little smaller than expected but an ENTIRE SIZE smaller. definitely well made but beware of the size. you will not be happy if you order your usual size.", "By far the most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever had.  The cushioning is so thick and squishy, it's indescribable.  I bought a second pair just to make sure I have an on deck pair when my current pair runs out.  Great sandal.", "Bought these for my wife who is a lifeguard, they worked for a couple days but absorbed the water and got moldy and ended up hurting her feet with the reaction. They were comfy for the time but if your looking for something for outdoors in wet areas I would NOT get these.", "My mom loves them, it is like a foot bed so she almost never took them offshe is really happy", "I have had these before and they are great--i work on my feet and they are comfortable for hours!  they have just enough support.", "They were the right size they fit very well and look very nice The color was nice and I liked it very much", "I am not sure how many pairs of these I have had, lets just say I get at least 2 pairs every year as they are very comfortable and I tend to wear them 11 months of the year, all the time, everywhere... fun weekends, work, etc!  I even now have friends buying these flip flops!!", "I found these shoes to be very comfortable and excellent to wear to and from the gym. I have had a previous pair. This was a repeat purchase.", "Sandals were extra comfy and fit well definitely a great purchase will recommend sandals to others made a great gift", "Flip flops are all I wear in the summer. These shoes are so comfortable! I love the gel feeling. The part that goes between your big toe and second toe does not rub. Great shoes.", "These are the most comfortable thongs ever.  I can even jog in these thongs.  I have two pairs of these I wear them all summer long.", "I bought these sandals about 4 years ago and they are still going strong.  I bought them because I was having some foot pain and these helped tremendously.  They are so comfortable and durable.", "Not quite wide enough for my feet, but very comfy! I really enjoy the comfort foot bed really cushiony !", "Shoes are exactly as they appear in picture.  Very nice and comfortable.  However they run small.  I ordered a 8, because that is what I wear and I had to return them for a 9.", "My daughter and wife simply love them! They use them intensively, under those circumstances they lasted around 2 years. They are on their 2nd pair and love remains strong.My wife started running and she actually love to rest her feet in them. I don't think they are expected to get wet though.", "I loved the cushy feel but had a problem with the velcro staying secure unless I wore the shoes looser than I prefer.", "The feel and color of the tank is great.  Good quality too.  Good for all my work out needs.  Nike did a good job!", "she liked the shoes other than the arch being a little off the color is great and the flexability  is great", "thank you very much satisfied with the product received, very reliable.'ll buy their products next Used.Thank you very muchThank you very much", "I purchased these for my wife who has an almost supernatural ability to detect flaws in just about anything. The bit of rubber that comes up on the front of the toe is wider on one shoe than the other, and it's slightly off-center. This changes the way the shoe bends at the toe which creates an awkward sensation when standing on your toes, crouching as if to study the toe of a shoe, or during other similar activities one might do to demonstrate the flaw to others... like a spouse, for instance. Otherwise the shoes are fine... they even came with two sets of shoestrings... one set light-purple and the other neon yellow.", "These are nice shoes and have good grip to the floor. They are a little heavier then I initially thought but that is ok with me. Like the straps for really securing your feet. I had bought from Eastbay with a 20% off coupon I found searching through google so I feel the value that I paid for them is legitment. A Basketball shoe that supports your ankles, is comfortable and provides good gription is all you need.", "I bought these shoes in 2010 and still wear them to this day. great product and service. i would recommend.", "Good quality, no breaking in. Fits well. Have worn this style since high school and I've never been disappointed yet.", "these classics deserve a standard 5 star rating as i love the color and the style and the fact me and my son always buy these shoes", "The color on the web sight looks white and pink to me in person, it's all pink shades. I don't like pink on pink. If it's like that I want all leather so it won't get dirty.", "Wonderful shoes, my wife loves them, says they are much lighter than her last pair of Nike's. She has been very happy with them and the new shoes took over 3 minutes off her four mile time.", "Had a Hard time with Advertised discounts on Shoes with my orders Today! I see some false advertised special discounts for after Christmas sales!", "Have 5 pair of Nike Flex Experience.  Different colors!  I walk a lot and have high arches and these shoes are the most comfortable I have ever worn!!!", "I usually wear a 7.5, but should've ordered a 7.  Other than that, they are very comfortable and lightweight.  I usually have to break in shoes a few times before they stop rubbing in certain places, but these were perfect from the start.  They are more pink than the photo (look slightly purple in the photo-but definitely pink).", "I love these shoes so much, they're super cute and the color was brighter and better than I expected. So cute! They fit perfectly.", "I like them they light weight but i was looking for something slimmer on the foot not so bulky. But i am a size 7 and 5'1 so maybe that's why. Nice shoes but just looking for something a little different.  Great price though.", "I love the running shoe because it is very light and my right knee hurts from overuse of my body. I have been teaching 20 years of fitness classes and also personal training. Great price too!", "If you already have the Nike Flex Experience RN (as opposed to the RN 2), these seem to fit the same as those - which I think is about 1/2 size larger than your average shoe, and about a full size larger than your average Nike, in my experience. That is, I wear a 9.5 in Flex Experience shoes, 10 in average athletic shoes, 10.5 in most other Nikes. But the larger feeling of this shoe may be partly due to its wide toe box. These shoes seem to be as comfortable as the Flex Experience RN (which in my opinion are very comfortable). My main complaint about them however is that I don't like how far back the laces start - which makes them not as flattering to the foot as the RN.", "Fix perfect very comfortable I bought some snickers before but I like this one better Nike make very comfortable snickers", "I really love this shoe so far!  It fits my whole foot while still leaving some space for the ball of my foot and my toes to have some movement as I work out. The shoe is light, but I did a plyometric workout in them, and they felt supportive and cushiony.  I have relatively high arches, and this shoe is great for them.", "I love these shoes!I had a very hard time finding these shoes in my size and was extremely happy when I could find them :)They are very comfortable and fit true to size.High quality construction.", "I am a nurse and on my feet all day long.  These are the most comfortable runners I have found to date!!! Light and great arch support.", "These are a good and comfortable pair of tennis...there cute but the material isn't worth what you have to pay for..but I would recommend to a friend because they are light on your feet.", "Buying shoes online is scary for my jacked up feet but these worked out wonderfully! I have purchased size 8 Nike sneakers in the past so I went with that and it was perfecto. Very comfy, decent price, and cute as Hell.", "This shoe fits true to size. Finding the right running shoe for you is a personal thing, for everyone's opinion varies greatly.I have always worn nike running shoes and love the brand. My previous nike shoes are 5 years old and completely worn through, so I was in the market for another light weight shoe.This shoe is super light on my feet and fairly comfortable. I jog 5 miles a day and have had this shoe for a week now.1.The laces are cheap and untie easily so they must be double knotted.2. The tread is flexible and comfortable but they do get pebbles stuck in between.3. My heels are getting blisters but I am hoping the shoe is just getting broken in and that will subside.4. The shoe doesn't offer a ton of cushioning so I am anticipating replacing them sooner than later.This shoe is worth the price if you are looking for something affordable. It's a light shoe and good for my workouts but not the best nike show I've purchased. I'm content with keeping the shoe and getting my use out of it but I will purchase a different shoe when the time comes.", "These shoes will be great for someone who has wide feet. I tend to swim in these. They are however true to size. Light weight but cheap feel.", "I purchased these for my sister for Christmas. Fits great, runs true to size. Comfortable to wear. All-around a great pair of sneakers.", "I wear these shoes to workout and around the house.  They are very comfy.  I know that Nike runs about half a size smaller than other brands I've purchased so keep that in mind when ordering.", "They were a little large. I normally wear a 7.5 in shoes, but I could gotten a 7 and they would have fit better. They are very comfortable and they look great too. I am very pleased with them.", "I bought these for my daughter.  Nike shoes tend to run narrow/small.  There's not enough support in the shoe for her to run long distances or sprints.  She was getting shin splints.  I have now bought another brand and they will hopefull alleviate the issue.  (her foot turns in)", "I am a man and ordered this watch online.  I previously had the same watch and liked it so much that I ordered another one after I lost the first one.  When this 'unisex' watch arrived, it was clearly smaller and thinner than the version I had before.  It is definitely made for a woman's wrist.  I did keep it since it was just for running.  The band barely fit using the last hole.  The battery on the new watched has now died and I think I will replace the watch with something bigger.The memory functions and pace settings were the features I like best.  You can set different pace times for each 'lap' and it will store 20 or so runs.  That way you can track your runs over time.", "I bought this watch as it was cheap and brand named and was looking for a watch that you can set two time zones, it ticks all my boxes!", "little bigger size, but I like it. Good quarity.Easy to use. i recomend it. it stand out my watch!!", "After searching several sites, I finally found this shoe in my size on Amazon.com. As a former competitive athlete, I have been wearing Nike shoes for over 20 years, and have never had a problem with the sizes before.  I ordered my usual size, but on arrival I found that the shoes were a bit too snug.  I figured that I just needed to 'break them in' but after a few days of continuous wear, they are too tight and painful on my toes. I measured the shoes against my other Nike shoes, and they are definitely shorter.  Buyers beware.... See return policy before you buy!!!", "I don't know why these are so cheap but I paid like 180 for them. Most people probably don't even know about them but they are a good shoe. I also like the risto's.", "I was very surprised at how much I loved these. The pic did not do them justice.... They are very attractive..", "my grandson really enjoyed these shoes they were very comfortable and were perfect for him while playing basketball during the season", "This boot is very comfortable, almost like wearing tennis shoes.  There's a lot of toe room and the leather is extremely easy to shine.  That's coming from someone who regrettably purchased Danner Patrol boots for $240 and more satisfied with the Nike Goaterra.  The only downfall to these boots is the tennis shoe-like laces.  I'd like to see a heavier duty lace.  I actually used the laces from my Danners.  That is my only complaint.  Other than that, I'd give them 5 stars.", "these boots look and fit good and are comfortable.  The loss of a star is because the laces get shredded quickly on the top two sets of lace hooks.", "the boots are great! comfy and all... the only problem was one of the boots came with a huge gash across it-like soomeone used a boxcutter and lightly gased the entire boot.", "I bought  these as a gift for my 14 yoa son. He said they were exactly what he wanted. They run true to size.can dress them up or down. Either way my son is happy and so am I . Thanks.", "\"Dey Aight\" LOL I'll stick with the higher priced Goadome with the front air soles, these are ok, I like the scuff proof around them. They run kind of small, you may want to get a larger size than normal.", "Nice shoes.Excellent value.Yes they are authentic (for those of you wondering)!I bought them a 6 in boys since I am an 8 in women, but they were too too big for me.  They fit me like a mens 7.  Wasn't a big issue; I just passed them down to my daughter.", "Not only are the shoes great, they were a awesome price.  I ordered them on a Monday night and received them on a Friday of the same week.", "Very comfortable, stylish, and long for my 6'3 height.  If you are looking for good golf-type shorts or just casual good looking black shorts, these are them.", "this is my third pair of these, they're great. Very comfortable, and people always comment on them for some reason no matter what color I'm wearing. They're a touch pricey, but they're the cheapest on here, I think they're worth it.", "I liked these, because they had a bright pop of color, but it was a little subdued by the black weave. Unfortunately, the shoe seems to be a lot more &#34;in-your-face&#34; than I expected. The shoe fits comfortably, but for those coming from Nike Free, these have a lot more support as a trainer, and are much bigger and bulkier than I expected. Personally, I missed the slim feeling of my Nike Free(s) when wearing these.", "Very comfortable! Just a little hard to zip up, but I like the front zipper so I'll deal with it.", "This is a great sports bra. Snug enough and made with a thicker material. The front zipper remains in place. Some other front zip sports bras I have become &#34;unzipped&#34; during the workout.", "I purchased his sports bra in size 38DD. I am just too tired to fight up and put on the regular sports bras over my head so I opted for a zip front option. I waited patiently for the bra to arrive as it was an international shipment however en I took it out of the package I realized that it was too small. My regular bra size is 38DD however in this size it was way too small. I would suggest going up a size if you fall into my bra size range as the cups could not contain my &#34;girls&#34; and it was too tight. The zip front is fine but just beware I small sizing. I would recommend it but in a larger size.", "This was shift for my wife and she loved it ... And impressed that I was listening about getting it for her:-)", "When you take the time to calibrate correctly, the Nike+ sport band 2 works great. Holds a charge well and sweat does not seem to be a problem.", "These shoes are meant for distance runners and sprinters. I ran long distance and ran a sub 5 with these shoes in the 1600. You have to be a fast runner to use these shoes because there isn't much cushioning in the heel since you tend to stay on your toes most of the time when you run fast. If you run anything more than a 1600m with these shoes your shins and knees will suffer a lot. These shoes are VERY LIGHT WEIGHT...VERY. Durable and breathable.The design in very good and definitely catches runners attention. Good shoes and worth every dollar. Run Strong.", "The springs in the heels have given me the worst lower back pain in as many years. I would not recommend these unless you walk with a severe slouch.", "This is the 3rd pair of Nike Free's I have owned. I tried to buy another brand of shoes from a store in my area but they weren't as comfortable. This was a great buy!! The price was right, shipment was fast, beautiful shoes!!!", "I have had these shoes for a while now and they still look brand new. I love the colors and the stars.", "It is pretty but runs big in size i brought them for my daughter size 5 and they are big for her, i still keep them because she is growing,also price was god", "This is my usual sizeAll the time i take this size.From the front it is very tight but from the back its ok", "not the same as the one you'd buy at the mall . these shox are like plastic .. sqeaky sound while walking after first use. . after breaking these in . can already feel discomfort while running .. these are the last shox ill be buying. well at least from amazon. stick to trying the ones at the mall so you get what they feel like first.", "Sooo I was a bit disappointed with the shipping on this product. I chose expedited two day shipping and received it like three days later. Apart from this I'm really happy with my Nike Shox. This is my second pair of Nike shox and the last one was a 10.5, so I ordered a 10.5 for this one. The Initial fit was a bit too snug, however, after a couple days of wearing the shoe fits really well. As with my previous Nike Shox, I really like the way these shoes fit. Its styling complements almost any apparel given that it's not a soft fabric rather a buck suede leather. For me, this comes in handy when running thru the rain. Sooo I would highly recommend this product to anyone who's looking for a cool sneaker that can be worn with shorts or jeans. Given the Clean buck suede finish I might even wear it with my Khakis to work. Its super comfortable and my last pair lasted me like three years and it's still not finished yet!! I'm Playing indoor soccer and badminton with it now.", "Great product, high quality, perfect fit. I would recomend this product. Delivery was on time, no problems at all with this product", "Every thing was as I expected I recommend you to buy in this store the nikes were excellent thanks you", "This was the first Nike show I had purchased in many years and it will likely be the last after buying the Shox.  I typically wear a 10 so I bought a size 10 and the shoe was extremely tight on the sides and top of my foot.  Also, there was something wrong with the inside of one of the shoes that caused it to not feel right and be even more uncomfortable than the other shoe.", "Love the shoe. Looks great but I took the advice here about ordering a half size larger than normal and I'd have to suggest ordering a whole size larger than you normally wear. Other than that it's a great shoe. Very sharp looking and I really appreciate the leather uppers. Highly recommend this shoe but I' encourage you to take the leap and order a full size larger than you usually wear in sneakers like a New Balance . Enjoy", "I would give 0 stars if I could.These fit just fine, but overall, I'm very unhappy with these shoes. They are really heavy! They are just really hard to walk on. They feel like I'm walking on solid cement, and the springs have no give. I've tried breaking them in, and no luck so far.After a jog, my feet feel bruised the next day. I tried putting cushy in-soles in them, but that just makes them too tight. For 150$, this is a TOTAL waste of money!! They do look nice, but these are the most uncomfortable and heavy pair of running shoes I've ever worn.", "I loved the shoe it was just too big I tried to swap them out but it was not an option thank you for your business, will look to shop with you in the future", "I returned these because they were too small. I'll give them four stars anyway because I have a lot of experience with air shod. They are normally a comfortable shoe with good stability.", "This is the 2nd pair of Nike Shox NZ I purchased for my son. Very easy to clean, great support and fit.", "Nike Shox Nz have been the best Gym shoes compared to any other athletic shoes period! This is my 6th pair of Shox & 2nd pair of Nz and for a reason. The fit is perfect due to it's construction and the inner sole is so comfortable that you'll never have blisters again no matter what kind of activity your into. The Nike shox nz have a wide fit giving me extra stability when working out, running, & even crossfit training compared to all other sneakers i've owned. All these statements are based on my opinions & i bet you'll agree as well after owning a pair!!!", "Love shoxs and thay always fit the same. Great color too. good support for the knee as far as shcok on the knee when jogging.", "My sons foot is growing faster than I can keep up with.  I ordered these shoes because my husband likes his so much.", "Nice shoes and very comfortable. Something to consider when purchasing is that they run a little on the small side so I would suggest a half size bigger than your normal size. Also, they dont allow your feet to breathe very well.", "and there is a lot of support from the shiny parttaking the daily pound of the gym well no issues at all", "I really hoped these shoes would be a great new shoe for my transition into working out more.  They were an inexpensive option, and I liked the style.However, they hurt my feet, and there wasn't any arch support at all.  I have a relatively high arch, so keep that in mind.  I am sure the size 8 was the right size for me.  The shoe just doesn't &#34;hug&#34; your foot like it should.  I feel that a great athletic shoe should support your foot while still giving the ball of your foot and your toes some space.  This shoe felt very spacious in the foot area, and my arch was left hanging to support itself.  Maybe this shoe is better for a flatter foot.I am a longtime fan of Nike shoes, so when I returned these, I purchased another Nike shoe.  I ended up trying on all of the Nikes at the store, and then I choose the Flex Experience RN 2.  It has been a better fit for my whole foot.", "I own an other pair, bought some where else. Was disappointed by the yellowing of one the soles, on the bottom of the shoe.", "Wow, I din't really pay attention to the shipping, but it was next day, very fast.  The shoes were just as the picture showed them to be.  Very comfortable.  They fit me like a glove, and I don't have a wide foot. Someone with a wide foot might want to get a larger size because of this. Also they are very sporty!", "I do not understand why they stopped making these watches.  Bought this one and another model.  This watch is beautiful but I'm jealous.  It works better for a woman's smaller wrist.", "I ordered these for my son, who is a little picky about his shoes....They fit perfectly and arrived ahead of the scheduled time...Will be ordering his next pair of shoes from there as well!!!  :)", "The shoe doesn't look as neon as it truly is I paid a lot of $ and my son got made fun of so now that's a wasted $110 warning the whole whole shoe is very bright and super shiny green", "Not ball shoes.These kicks are so comfortable, and if you did wear them, your swag would require a rating of 75 or higher (out of 100 respectively). These things are fire, but do be warned, if you do happen to purchase them, they are shoes that attract attention, and if you aren't that kind of dude, don't buy them.", "It Was a gift for my boy and he loved it. He is on the school basketball season and just mad it fine.", "Can you please make a size 11.5 cause that's my size and I want them for my basketball season .", "I was surprised to find glitter in the sole. Seems odd for a boys' shoe. My son likes them though", "My son purchased these but the quality is this pair was lousy. It was unlike the similar ones he bought as the store. It looked like the ones he had purchased from the store but somehow this quality was not the same.  He wore it for about 3 months and it fell apart.", "These black and maize with flint greyNIKE DUNK HIGH BASKETBALL SHOESare both stylish and comfortable.  As streetwear, they look great with jeans.Built tough, these Nike Kicks have durable rubber outsole and leather upper with perforated toe for breathability.  The 'Nike Men's Dunk High Basketball Shoe' is Medium width allowing extra comfort for wider feet.SEE MY PHOTOS IN CUSTOMER IMAGESBeing lighter than the Nike Men's NIKE AIR FORCE, they are great for casual wear.  If you decide on a game of basketball with these sneakers, be careful about picking up scuff marks on the white rubber outsole!TheseNIKE DUNK HIGH BASKETBALL SHOESare 100% authentic guaranteed by the dealer and are shipped brand new in the box.  There is no doubt, this is a genuine Nike!RECOMMENDED: These lightweight  Nike NIKE DUNK HIGH BASKETBALL SHOES are avaliable inblack and redand black and blue.", "Great fit ordered them slightly bigger so she would have some extra room Colors are bright and my daughter was very happy with them.", "I have problems with my heals so these sneakers fit like slippers!!!  I love them, I have purchased two styles in the &#34;FREE&#34; fit", "I have only had these shoes for a short period of time, but running on a tredmill and outdoors is so easy. Very soft cushioning and are well worth the price. Nike + is also great if you use it.", "Este modelo Pegasus 83 me han gustado desde hace mucho tiempo. Es mi segundo par de zapatos. Para el clima caluroso de mi ciudad -Guayaquil, Ecuador- los modelos de zapatos que venden las tiendas deportivas locales son muy cerrados y de material propenso a encerrar el calor. El material de este par tiende a no ser muy caluroso y de mayor ventilaci&oacute;n. ****Solo una precauci&oacute;n****: La suela base de estos zapatos (el modelo conocido ac&aacute; como de tostadora) NO ES ADECUADO PARA NING&Uacute;N TIPO DE SUPERFICIE H&Uacute;MEDA, ya que tiende a resbalarse debido a que el contacto con la suela del zapato no es total, sino a trav&eacute;s de los peque&ntilde;os cubos que la conforman.", "My wife loves these shoes.  She says it feels like she is walking around with t shirts on her feet.  A little pricey, but well worth it.", "Las mejores gomas que he podido comprar muy comodas y super resistentes . . . . . . . .", "thses are absolutely the BEST and MOST comfortable pair of tennis shoes I have EVER owned in 45 years. NIKE has always made good products, but they outdid themselves with these shoes. The price was right and I got them quickly thru amazon. Its a win-win situation, ESPECIALLY if you have problem feet like I do.", "This shoes are great my girl just got them for me yesterday took them for a run today in the morning all I can say its wow I have never I mean never had a shoe that felt this good on my feet and I had tried the Nike free runs asics saucony and many other running shoes when I was in cross country but this shoes are unmatchable down side is they are price but if your the type of person that has a flat foot like me and your back hurts after a long run this shoes will really help with that", "This was on my son's Amazon Christmas Wish list, so hope they fit well. He has chosen similar shoes like this, in the past.", "This was a beautiful pair of nikes.  It wasn't supposed to arrive before christmas but it got here in time for me to get it as a present.  Better deal than at nike.com.", "shoes are comfy, stylish..i also bought the olive green color too. hard to find. received a lot of compliments. nike roshe game..", "We received the item quickly.  My son and his friends loved the product.  He kept getting asked where he got them.  Would recommend to others.", "First off... this shipped to me in one day!!!!!!!!!! BEAUTIFUL SNEAKERS! I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH THANK YOU GREAT SELLERRRR HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!", "Nike Air Max are always on the top of my list and the '97 version is my favorite. It's extremely hard to get them lately and I really wish Nike revived some of their old styles. Great sneaker, extremely comfortable and never seem to go out of style", "I really like the boots when I saw them online but they look even better in person. The the delivery was fast. Great quality boot. Really can't go wrong with Nike.", "The service was terrific and the boots arrive on time. Nike Air Max Goadome are the best boots I have had and also recommend this seller. thanks a lot.", "My husband loves these shoes. They are a great fit for him. They came a little early then expected. They are just like they are in pic.", "got these for my boyfriend and he loves them. he have a great shoe collection and he love to throw them on for a trip to the mall or a night out. Great color", "If you are looking for fashionable boots that are also comfortable, then these boots are what you're looking for! And they were a steal at $45!!  A+++", "These shoes are very comfortable. I like white color and they are very comfortable. I wore them in tournament and practice.", "I like this shoe. Light, supportive. I'm a guard and this shoe performs well with quick cuts. Plant with confidence. Only drawback is that the Nike swoosh peels off easily. It's a cheap sticker.", "Comfortable, well constructed shorts, pricey because of the brand, but worth the price IF it provides longevity, purchased two other colors, needs to be MORE descriptive in synopsis, especially regarding color, ie ; dark navy, NOT their own color scheme.", "perfect and looks as shown and washes well and great price. They are a great pair and very comfortable. Great choice", "My son plays soccer and hates the shorter styles used for soccer.  He likes shorts like these that come to the knee or right above the knee.  These are perfect since they don't don't look specifically like basketball shorts but could pretty much be used for any sport.  The material is not too light not too heavy, the inseam at 10&#34; is perfect, includes pockets, elastic waist, and they come in sold colors which is popular for his teenage group.  My son is 5'10&#34; 34/36&#34; waist medium athletic built and the size large comes to his knee and are loose enough for lots of movement.  He's tried several different Nike styles and these are the best.  We purchased these in the black and gray/carbon heather.", "My Son will wear these when he exercises and think of how sweet it was that I thought enough to get these for him.", "I recently purchased a pari of Nike basketball shoes and am very happy with them.I actually wear them for Racquetball and have had great results with them.Comfortable, lightweight and very unique!!", "I got these sneakers for my son and he loved them. He said they were comfortable and just what he wanted. The order came in a timely manner and I have no complaints.", "These were a great gift for my seventeen year old boy.  It was priced just right for my Christmas budget.  The quality of the shoe was great. My son is enjoying wearing his shoes to school and everywhere else.", "Exactly what my son wanted for Christmas. I tried the Nike store first, then priced around.  Amazon.com had the better price, and the product came perfect!", "This was purchased for a christmas present, this is great quality and roomy it was recieved quickly also, I would recommend it for any man in your life!", "I bought this bag to replace my smaller inadaquete bag that I had been using daily at the gym.  I play racquetball and was looking for something that was a little larger than a normal bag and could carry all my gear as well as a couple sets of clothes.  This bag is amazingly spacious and is suprisingly comfortable even when fully loaded.  The strap is designed to take some of the strain off of your shoulder and it really does an amazing job.  The seperate shoe compartment is amazing -- I never had it before but now I cannot imagine not having a bag with the seperate compartment.  I've found that the bag is quite sturdy as well -- I have to stuff it in a smaller locker on a regular basis and haven't had any troubles getting it to conform to my needs.  All in all, I consider this one of the best purchases I've made, I am completely satisfied with this bag!", "Bolso de buena calidad en general y gran espacio... esperaba contar con mas compartimentos pero solo trae los basicos.el material del interior parece de un plastico muy delicado... hasta los momentos no se ha roto pero se que lo hara...", "Not only was I happy with the quality and price, but I was also pleased with the prompt free shipping!", "One of the other revies of the Nike 300 P sunglasses mention how big they are.  This caught my attention because I have a fat head.  Many sunglasses are too small for my melon.  These, however, fit GREAT.  The lenses do a great job with cutting glare.  I'm using these almost exclusively for driving, and the brown lenses make everything clear and sharp.  I used to thing $100 was a crazy price for sunglasses.  However, I consider a good pair of sunglasses to be a very inexpensive safety device for driving.", "These shoes fit great and look SICK! I am usually a size 12&1/2 or 13. the 13 fits perfect. They are great for cross-training, lifting, and running.", "A Little bit small s choose one size larger. Otherwise awesome shoe and no prob with delivery. Thank you !", "Excellent eye coverage. Good lenses. Stays on all the time.Bought 3 pair.Grab then before they go.Don't even hesitate to purchase.", "my grandson just loved this pair of shoes, jordan fan and loved basketball great fit comfy fit and good grip", "Pro: Nike Air Force One. Cool Look. Subdued colors blend nicely with casual clothes. QualityCon: Have to loosen up way out just to slip my foot in. Seems very flat inside sole.", "I purchased these boots for work and I love them they are very comfortable.  I have purchased other brands but none compare to these.", "I really lucked out on these especially exactly in my size, shopop you guys are awesome would recommend anyone to you and will deff be getting more Kobe 8s", "Love these shoes to death. And also scored a deal on here. The picture here for this color is a bit off for some reason. The nike swish here should have a corresponding yellow to the sole of the shoes. Its what I got and that's the right color, not the orange swish depicted. So, if you, like me is/was worried about that, don't be. You'll get a yellow swish.This shoe provides great support and great lunarlon cushioning. I love the low top design to allow me to slip in my ankle braces easily. If you wanted to buy kobes, get kobe 6 or 8. STAY AWAY from the 7s.", "These are the low top best basketball shoes ever made. I love them, your feet don't get sore, never got a blister from them.", "Purchased these for my grandson and he gave them a real good wear and now is wearing Skechers. Young boys and their shoes.", "I have tried many cleats and these are BY FAR my favorite cleats. They are very versatile and fit my feet perfectly. Great for people with a semi-arch. They come with inter-changeable colors for the outside swoosh. The laces are too short so I had to buy new ones but other than that they're absolutely my favorite cleats. I definately recommend these to anyone looking for a good, durable pair of cleats.", "I love these shoes, as I have the originals, but they arrived completely defective.  There is nothing worse than pulling out your new kicks and seeing them messed up.  The right shoe has indented impressions all along the outside and it's covered in excess glue.  I really wish this seller checked out the pair before they were sent.  Major bummer.", "I have been looking for these shoes forever! They were my favorite shoes and wanted another pair. Have not had a pair of these since 1997! I am glad I found them and got shipped fast which was great!", "Looked cheap. Came out of the package  already creased. Wore them a few times and went back to my old ones.", "I have had these shoes for a year and I have had nothing but bad experiences.  Within the first month one of the bubbles popped and the outside lining near the inner ankle starting wearing off on both shoes.  I have never had shoes do this before and I do not walk with my feet rubbing on each other.  I sent the shoes back to Nike thinking it was a manufacturer defect and they returned them back to me saying there was nothing wrong.  Soon enough the loop that holds the laces on the tongue starting coming off.  Now I have string hanging off everywhere and the tongue is now coming detached from the inner lining of the shoe.  If I could post pictures I would.  I have ran only 45 miles in the shoes and I workout at home 3 times a week.  I am terribly disappointed in these $160 dollar shoes.  I have also tried to get on the nike website to send an e-mail about my huge disappointment but they do not make it easy by any means.  I highly recommend not purchasing these shoes.", "I love these shoes.  The fit is great and they are so comfortable.  I love them so much I ordered a second pair in another color.  Might order a third pair just so i have them on hand.  Next year I am sure Nike will change the style and since it is hard for me to find shoes that fit well and in my size (5.5) I will grab them up while I can.  Probably the best Nike's I have ever owned.", "Got it for a friend for his birthday and I will buy another to my brother because it's so pretty, I loved it!! Recommended!! :-)", "These shoes are great looking and exceeded my expectations! Usual top shelf visuals and quality product. Will definitely buy these in another color.", "A really cool shoe that's not just for playing basketball! The perfect set of colors for this wearer to wear with weekend stuff. Great fit and very comfortable.", "The boots are Gray. They were supposed to be BLACK! Overall the purchase process was good. Just expected another color.", "Runs small, tight across the middle. Watch for this as they will be very small, might want to get larger size", "The Nike RT1 - Revolution Trainer 1 was inspired by the Nike Air Trainer 1 model. This Dark cinder-tan/Brown colorway with orange laces complements any jeans - from your trusty 505s to today's 'distressed' styles!If you find the colorway too bold, simply replace the orange laces! The Nike RT1 is shipped with an extra pair of brown laces to easily transform your kicks into 'elegantly casual' shoes!SEE MY PHOTOS IN CUSTOMER IMAGESThe shoe size runs a little larger in these Nike Men's NIKE RT1 HIGH CASUAL SHOES. (I usually wear 10.5 and 10 was fine).  The shoes are Medium width allowing extra comfort for wider feet and the ankle support is as comfortable as you can wish for!What I love the most about these RT1 High Lifestyle Shoes?  They don't show dirt as well as some other shoes! :))RECOMMENDED: The Nike RT1 High shoes are comfortable, durable and stylish. The  Black / White-Azure-Dark Grey colorway looks great!", "a lil flashy, nonetheless lasted good two years before it was completely ruined. Comfortable and rocks with anything. loved even with the hate comments", "they are a little snug right now but the 11's would have been too big.  Too bad they don't come in half sizes but I think they will give as they are worn", "These slides are great!  My husband loves them - this is his second pair, since our dog liked them, too!  Just wish they also made a line for women.", "I don't too excited over most things, especially shoes, so for me to take the time torecommend these Nikes tells me I've gone over the edge ;-).Really, I have never had any shoe (or sandal) feel more natural and comfortable as wellas look pretty cool.  I have a bunion that doesn't agree with many sandal types, but withthese I don't know I have one.  I wore these from June through November here in Florida,nearly every day in my condo and in the pool, ocean, sandy beaches and hot asphalt roads.I even wore them on my 6 mile walk when my joggers were soaked from a rainstorm...  I didn'tthink it was too smart to try that,but they felt great.The best part is, they still look and feel like new and I won't NEED to buy another pair forspring, but since I have the black pair, I will be buying the charcoal/lime for a fresh look.Highly recommend a really fine product.", "excellent service. got here in 4 days! the fastest ive ever seen a package ship oversees! will be doing business with SneakerDoctor again. authentic shoes. got the last pair of space jams without having to wait in any lines!!!! thanks... A LIFE SAVER!!! The shoes were sold out EVERYWHERE online. the price was hiked up a few bucks, but it was defintaley worth it!", "I purchased my gamma 11's from kickzstore and they were prefect! 100% authentic shoes and the service was great! I was skeptical at first with the price an all! But I'm very satisfied!", "This jordan's shoe big size 9 and I want change to size 8.5 but I want back a money please.  I will other something to amazon.  I will back to box store in calikicks and I don't know number phone where?", "For  all of of you that are busy saying that these are fake take a look at the buyers name ,Nike", "I had a great experience buying my shoes from them responded quick with any questions the shoes are 100% authentic", "exactly what I was looking for fast shipping easy to work withwould use again and highly recommend for a friend good job", "GREAT SHOES, FIT TO SIZE, NEVER WILL PAY AGAIN FOR ANY OTHER SHOES.  THE COST IS JUST HIGHWAY ROBBERY AND SHAME ON JORDAN FOR ALLOWING THIS TO HAPPEN.  BUT SON WAS VERY HAPPY WITH PRODUCTION.  IT WAS EITHER SPEND THE NIGHT IN THE DARK OVERNIGHT AND/OR SPENT THE EXTRA CASH FOR THE SHOE.", "The Seller Is Great !! I Ordered Jordan 11 Gamma Blue's Like 4 Days Ago And I Received It Today !! The Shoe Quality Was Great , Was Wrapped In Its Original Packaging And It Is 100% Authentic !! I Will Continue To Deal With This Seller And I Hope You Will Too As I Can Assure You That You Would Be Very Happy", "i received my concords today and I loved them, I know the ones I got r not fake, everything seems to be legit.. I have been looking for these shoes since 96.. 18 years later I am a very satisfied customer... I got mine through kw boutique.. investigation or not I got the product that I wanted... thank you ;-)", "- Where Are My Cool Grey Jordans ordered on the 19th of January? I did the one day shipping thing & Im looking at the tracking package , its in saint louis but not at my front door ! Grrrr !", "our second pair of shoes from this site and still happy. this was another good pair and real shoes. we will continue to buy from amazon. took shoes to two stores and these were 100% real. my son loved them once again", "Well I guess you can see when I get them. Then I will tell you everything ik now adopt these shoes", "If anyone goes into there pocket and actually take out the money to pay for these fake shoes you are a fool.", "Anyone who is comparing a generic picture of the sneaker to the real sneaker is dumb. That is not the actual product nor is about 99% of any pictures on amazon. I myself was skeptical about the authenticty of the sneaker but if they were fake all I had to do was return it. The sneaker passed all comparisons, (i.e. varsity maize jumpman on insole, correct coloring of the phrase on the inside of tongue, correct high shoe cap, correct carbon fiber, correct coloring of sole..which is not the same color as in the picture..., correct box and inserts, correct shoe trees, ect.) In fact, I bought 3 different sized gamma xi's (6y, 9.5M, and 12M) from three diffent sellers and all three were authentic so I wouldn't worry too much about fakes, especially if your able to return the sneakers. Overall, this is 100% authentic.", "Love the jordan eleven, had them all except the concords. Probably the best player in the world haven't seen better yet", "I don't know about the others but I got mine last month and it was perfect and authentic. Also did some research on how to tell which would be fake and which would be original. Well, this fits all the description on the original and none on the fake one. So... sorry I have to disagree with you guys.", "they were exactly what they were supposed to be. mines didnt look fake everything looked good and right. i was so excited.", "guys if you are into kicks youd clearly see the jump man is facing the wrong way lol just wait to cop them at foot locker these are loudly fake!!!!!p.si already have mines but i work at a sneaker store good luck", "The shoes were a gift to my little cousin. They arrived on time and in great condition. He loved the sneakers and I was satisfied with the way the transaction went through.", "i got these yesterday forgot to write a review lol and but anyways they seem legit so im satisfied with my shoes so i rated it a 4", "The Gama's I got were absolutely authentic!! I got what I paid for and I will definitely be doing more business with you!However, for persons interested in purchasing this shoe that do not like to wear tennis shoes to their \"fit\" but rather like a little room, I do suggest purchasing a half (1/2) size bigger.", "The shoes are awesome!!! Everything about them is great. The packaging, the smell, an overall great experience with a shoe I love! However, the shipping left something to be desired. The Friday the shoes were supposed to be delivered, they sat on a FedEX truck over the weekend until Monday morning. they did make me the \"first delivery that day dropping them off @ around 7:06am. That kinda made up for waiting all day Friday.", "My big brother CJ bought a pair of Nike Air Jordan 11 Retro CONCORDS and as soon as he put them on his feet started to smell like roses. His acne was gone in three minutes, his missing front tooth grew back and by night he was two feet taller. The only problem is that if he takes them off he now turns into a YT boy.", "This was a gift and it was the best gift ever! It's the real thing and it came in the beautiful box and really well packaged! Love it!", "can someone tell me if these are real or fake? does anyone know please help. I just bought these and don't know they are authentic or not?", "They're actually a lil snug but it took damn near 3 weeks to get here so I'll just deal wth it. That's my only complaint", "I usually don't get into the Jordan ordeal, but my husband wanted these to complete his 15 year collection. I ordered Fri. morning, and email requested a rush for Christmas. Seller responded to my email &#60; 1 hr. All concerns addressed. Seller rushed: order came next day Saturday, no lie. I Informed Seller that my husband knows real from phony. The shoes checked out 100%. Great customer service, response time, & 100% authentic. Gave my husband shoes early for holiday party w/i 24 hrs of ordering them: now THAT'S great customer service! 10 stars!", "MJ nor Nike are selling these this high. This is Scalpers ...more than likely Shoe store employees or friends of them. These pages are being investigated.", "It is original design shoe style but I just really like the Nike Free shoe style.  I wish Nike would bring it back.", "I think these Nikes are great and good value.  They are bought as a gift so I am anxious to see her glee when I get them home!", "I love Nike frees. These shoes are amazing they are just as I expected them to be. A little snug when you put them on but as you break them in they form to your foot perfectly. Very comfortable.  And shipped right on time. I will be purchasing another pair soon", "I loved the style and design of these, but had to return them because they were just too tight/narrow.  My toes went numb as soon as I put them on.  I will be going to the store to try this style on in person...maybe try the Men's size (as they are usually wider).", "Like these shoes they are lightweight and fit well. I Can highly recommend them to others who prefer lighter shoes.", "I would buy again. Wish it had GPS but they cost more. Great product for the money. . . .", "I've seen several low ratings and complaints of the sportband not working, but I've been using it for three years now with absolutely no problem. Of course you can get Garmins that have a lot more functionality for serious marathon runners, etc (set to vibrate when you go below a certain speed and so on), but the Nike sportband is a very simple and inexpensive way to track your progress.The site does have issues occasionally, but it has improved recently, and that does not effect your logging. Also, if you don't have Nike's or have the Frees that don't have a slot for the chip, you can buy a shoelace pouch for $5. As a Brooks-only shoe girl, I had to find a new way to use this. I have it on two different pairs of shoes and love it.Great buy! If you're having problems, try Twitter. They're very quick with responses.", "At first I was a little skeptical just because of the cheap price, but I was shocked when the package came in! They were in perfect condition, and look like a pair that I would honestly buy for twice the price at the store. They are also very comfortable shoes for casual use. Very pleased with these kicks!", "I received the product very timely although it was not thought it was the fabric appeared to be of a great quality. Different from other bandanas I have.", "MENS NIKE JORDAN SPIZIKE BASKETBALL SHOE (315371 165) (13 M, WHITE / FIRE RED-BLACK) BEST SHOE EVER MADE BY JORDAN.", "i love these blazers, and when they were released here in seattle they were only found in small boutiques and other private shops and not big chains. these were exactly as advertised if not better. will be ordering again when the ones i ordered are retired.", "amazing comfort, great ankle support, and a very nice look. extra padding right where you need it and straps to help the tongue stays in place. fits as expected. Highly recommended", "Aexcellent shoes, you feel you can \"flight\" with that shoes!!! i'm a profesional basketball player and I recomend it!! Beautifull colors and materials, excellent desingn and quality!!", "I wanted to buy some shoes for work that would last awhile. I know i should have never bought these for the job i do but i know Nike shoes hold up very well and they do. They still almost look brand new. My only problem was that i wish i could have purchased them in a size 14. I'm a 13 1/2 and i owned these shoes for years and they are still very tight on my toes. How much i payed for them, im still going to wear them!", "That is a nice pair of sneakers which i wish it from a long time ago, the only problem is since there is a ziper that limits the internal size of those it is squeezing the top of my foots, but i loved those anyway.", "this sneaker is quite a neck turner, comfortable, beautiful and a perfect basketball shoe. you can use it for fashion too, i have had so many people ask me about this shoe...love it", "Very good leather quality, although its synthetic it is pretty comfortable. The colors are exactly like the photo, so thats a good point, other shoes look completely diferente when you got em in your hands...", "I like these shoes. very nice, simple colored shoe. Only had one problem and i've only had this problem from a few other shoes, but it rubbed the back of by ankles bad. i had to wear band aids to wear them. Bought some mole skin at wal-mart and put that in the back of the area where it rubs, it helped. would be a 5 star, but since it rubbed me bad i had to deduct a star. If you buy them and it rubs just go buy dr. scholls mole skin.", "Kinda pricy but authentic and my wife loves them. They arrived in a timely fashion and w/o damage which is always a gamble when shipping overseas.  They've also held up well w/ pretty regular wear. So for the money, I'd have to say I'm pleased w/ the purchase. Good experience overall.", "my son loves these so so so much they were confortable and kept his feet dry but if they play and its muddy you have to clean out the space between the bottom of the shoe but it only takes a second", "I was looking for the eclipse, but bought the cortez by accident, the soul felt like a knockoff brand and the shoe felt like cardboard.", "This is a great x mas gift. My son loves nike and the color green i couldn go wrong with this one", "In person, they are way better.  The picture really doesn't do them much justice.  I ordered these for a family member.  She loves them.", "Excellent shoe.  I will continue to buy these Nike as long as available.  I recommend any Nike shoe, they fit well and look good.  I like that they are not some weird outrageous colour, I can't wait for that trend to pass.  Bring back normal looking sneakers.", "Although my golf game continues to struggle these shoes sure make me look like I know what I am doing. The nimble fingers of the Chinese provide for the perfect shoe.", "I received my top. It's gourgeous. Thankyou so much!!! I'll be purchasing more. for sure when I'll need more of your products!", "I'm a 34D so this ran a bit small...I need the medium. But I LOVE the NIKE sports bras! they are the best for support for running and jumping around!", "I wear a 36DD and the X-large worked perfectly. It is supportive, doesn't roll by your ribs when you work out and doesn't chaffe the skin when it is soaked in sweat. Even during breastfeeding I felt this was supportive enough. It has withstood the daily workout and wash every night without the spandex pieces wearing out, but it has only been two months.", "I am a size 34 A/AA and it fits really well. The bottom band is really tight and there is plenty of stretch for those who are bigger chested, so if your band size is 34, don't order a bigger or smaller size. However, when I put it on, I heard the sound of some threads snapping, even though I was careful in trying not to let that happen. I don't know if it will become a problem or not, but so far nothing has come apart. Anyways, it fits snug and is perfect for all kinds of workouts, including jogging (i don't know about long distance or long periods of time), weight lifting, cardio, aerobics, and even high-intensity workouts. It allows for freedom of movement without being too loose. Overall- a perfect bra for any and every type of exercise.", "I was a bit sketchy about spending a bit more money than I normally do on a sports bra, but it was totally worth it. The material is very breathable and comfortable and the band at the bottom doesn't dig into you like many other sports bras do. It is very snug and keeps everything in place, just like it's supposed to and doesn't loosen and get saggy after many wears. The one thing I noticed however, is that if you have a bit more broad or just muscular shoulders like I do, it's a bit difficult to put on and take off because it's so tight, but I guess that's the trade-off if you want a really hardcore sports bra that will keep up with all your athletic pursuits.", "This is a great bra!  It does its job well.  The bra is comfortable.  I ordered one at first, not sure if I would like it.  I soon ordered another one, and plan on ordering a third soon.", "It fit very well, It's confortable, It really works, nike pro bra it' s The best , if You need it for sport just buy it", "Seems to be too smallWill buy one size didI can not breathe.Failed to purchaseI'm sad&#12622;&#12601;", "I cannot breathe when I wear this and I'm 5'4 109 lbs petite as it gets! It's cute though maybe some really short extremely small lady will love this.", "Purchased for my daughter. She plays softball and she loves this type of bra. They hold up well and last longer than other brands of sports bras.", "COMFORTABLE!  NOT BINDING, SLIPPING, PINCHING.  SOFT MATERIAL.  I LOVE IT!.  NEXT TIME I WILL ORDER A BIGGER BUST SIZE! THANK YOU...", "best bra for not too large persons; wouldn't waste time buying the padded ones since the pads aren't big enough to keep from sliding and looking funny under shirt", "I have tried every sports bra on the market for cycling and pole dancing. This is by far the best sports bra you can find for medium support.  I have it in 4 different colors and this one is a replacement for the black one that I bought three years ago.  Perfect fit, breathable material, very comnfortable.  LOVE IT.", "Excellent product. It really met my expectations. It came on time and in good conditions. I would rate it superior.", "I like this sports bra a lot.  Wasn't sure exactly what size to order after reading the reviews.  I wear a 38C and went with the XL.  It fits great - not too binding and very comfortable, yet it still holds everything in place.", "The bra fit perfect the color also was perfect and they send it quickly and in the day that they said", "I really like the sports Nike bras. They fit true to size. I was very happy to find this color. Fast shipping.", "I have had this bra for several months and it gives great support.  If you jump rope or play tennis, this is a great bra.", "My son picked them out and purchased them with his own money, so they are extra special to him. More importantly these shoes are very comfortable, and you can wear them all day long.", "A good solid show, just wished it wasn't so stiff at times to be considered a real running show. May be best for the gym where you do some brisk walking for warm up then standing presses and leg pushes. Then the stability in the show comes in useful.", "THEY CAN ALSO BE USED FOR A REGULAR SNEAKER .  VERY LIGHT AND COMFORTABLE TO TAKE ON VACATIONSI WOULD RECOMMEND THEM", "Pretty, comfortable, not overpriced - everybody including me loved these shoes.  Went very well with my Boss Green dress. :)", "The Nike shoes came quickly and in good shape.  The advertized shoes looked and were constructed as advertized.  I might order another pair as they are comfortable and light-weight.  I first learned of themthrough my sister-in-law who loves them as well.", "its good sporty and the person who i give it to she love it so much that she asked me for one more.", "I bought a pair for my wife. She loves them. They are light and very nice. Only main issue they get dirty real fast.", "Light weight perfect for hawaii. no tongue on shoe, but I knew that from the reviews. I would recommend for warm climates.", "Great golf shoe, especially for a beginner golfer.  Cool and comfortable fit.  I would recommend to friends and others to buy.", "I'm not a golfer but I thought these were the coolest pair of shoes that I've ever seen I tried them on and they are so comfortable and airy.....", "wow nice shoes !Great and confortable , nice feeling when you walk , it really desirve the price , high quality !  love walking in them! Nike is the best!!!!!!", "My mother in law like them, she says this pair of shoes are very soft and have a great desing:)", "Bought these for my 4 year old, he wore them until they did not fit any more. These are good quality, still in ok condition for my younger son to wear.", "The only reason I have rated this 3 stars is because the shoes were too small for my husband.  He loved them and delivery was on time, but they just did not fit.", "Swearing these low top runs!! My beautiful wife ordered them for me and im totally stoked!! Every simple man should own a pair of these but different ones !! Sweet walks!!", "I really really enjoyed these shoes they lasted about 4 years from pretty heavy use they became my around the house shouse after 1st year but they still stayed clean and served there purpose way after there retirement.", "They are gorgeous... i just didn't give them five stars because i wasn't expected the type of the material, is not leather, even tho is to thin and soft... otherwise i really like them", "I bought these shoes for Ultimate frisbee, and I am VERY pleased with the durability/comfort that I get from these cleats. I would absolutely recommend these to any active soccer/frisbee players out there. The price was in my wheel house, and I needed a cleat that would not tear after 2 months of playing like all of my other cleats have. BUY THESE IF YOU ARE ON THE FENCE!", "Overall a very solid boot, leather is soft and supple and molded well to my foot, Dries well and overall I'm very pleased", "They are so cute. I am going to purchase another pair. The first pair I gave to my best friend for Christmas.", "This shoe, even by today's standard, is still a head above the rest in its design. Very cool looking shoe where for balling or just plain casual wear.", "I love it! Very light, cute, and the color is great!  At gym, park, or just use it for a relaxed look!", "I got this for my nephew who just turned 13.  He LOVES it!  He trhinks it's cool.  It has all the right stuff and it fits.  Couldn't have done any better!", "I never thought I'd ever say this about any Nike product, but these sneakers I couldn't play in, let alone wear. Looks better than they felt.", "This is the first time I've bought shoes specifically to learn and play tennis. Excellent first impression when it comes to the looks and style but as I tried them my feet felt stiff (and run a little tight) also not the cushioning I expected from a Nike Air. It was more like a street shoe. I hope as I wear them, they'll soften a bit.", "I have owned a pair of these nike Bati slide II for years I just wore them out. One of the side connectors broke the soles were wore off on both slides. If you can find these buy them buy more then one pair you can not go wrong with these slides. I just love them and have found another pair and am looking for an extra pair my original nikes lasted almost ten years.", "This shoe fit great, the colors was vibrant and overall a good shoe.  However, the insole had a bubble in it that couldn't be permanently smoothed out and caused irritation.  We returned for a refund.  Happy with company and would purchase again.", "These look great, but they run very small - we would need to order possibly two sizes smaller than usual.", "Shoe size is very true to size.  Cool looking shoe.  I like that the outer part of the shoe can't get too dirty.", "Doesn't fit too snuggly, but I'm a Nike person so that did not matter and it's a great product for the price.", "very nice sunglasses, fits perfectly, the uv protection is good and the color of the glasses are fine and match with the white", "My son started training at ymca last year and at his growing stage of middle school time was gifted with theses shows. His excitment and later comfort and fitness of the shoes on the field is the best output. He has used the shoes for almost a year and still in good condition.", "I bought this for my son and he said the fit is great and he plays soccer well in them. Also the shoe is put together very well and looks like it will last for a long time. I will be a repeat customer.", "The reviews and description were spot on. Price was good and product was delivered promptly. Love the glasses wore them extensively on vacation for two weeks. They fit well and I like how they wrap around and block sun from the side. This is why I buy things from Amazon and not  bricks and mortar retailers.", "We've shopped around a lot for baseball hats and this is the only one sized \"Infant\" that wasn't too big for my guy. It is still roomy, but it does not fall down over his eyes.It is well made. The stitching is great.", "Simply all I look for in a soccer shoe: simple, light weight, and flexible... oh yea, and well priced. I love that the bottom of the shoe is NOT one solid plastic piece like most soccer shoes out there. Having one solid plastic piece makes it harder to bend your foot and makes the shoe heavier for no good reason. Really glad that's not the case with these shoes! Can't ask for anything more.", "These are great cleats and we received them quickly.They are comfortable and high performance-work well on turf and grass.", "They fit great, and are very comfortable to play with.  They felt perfect since the first day I used them.", "The image that always pops up when I click on the link to what I got isn't singularly the Retro VI, it's a combo w/ 2 pairs of Jordans, one of which IS the Retro VI but in an alternate color. I made sure I knew what I was getting by doing a little light research though. The ones I got were apparently the last size in stock. Lucky me I suppose. Other than the image mix-up, the shoes arrived in tact but about 2 weeks later than another pair of shoes I ordered from a different vendor on the same day. Christmas present for my oldest son. I'm certain he'll love them. I'd deal w/ this seller again.", "I have been running, road biking, hiking, dog walking in these since the original date of purchase in 2008.  B/c others had mentioned how the glasses easily crack in the center, I am pretty conscientious about them but that happened to mine as well after 3 years.  Ergo, I came to Amazon to find another/last pair in the world.  Why you ask??  Fits my pea sized head and I look famous, have had dozens of compliments and hoards of others look at me like I'm some superstar.  Performance is spectacular.  Excellent visual clarity, and widest field of vision.  Rubber tips on arms and nose piece keep these from budging but not so much that it pulls your hair out by the roots to set them atop your head.  NIKE:  please continue this awesome shield.....we gals like to look great while getting our sweat on!", "I really love these shoes. I wish I had ordered a size smaller though. They are a little big. I will still wear them though because they are super cute. Wish I could find them again in different colors.", "Visor delivered was as described and expected. Great quality. It has been washed (but never dried) many times since purchased. Color has not faded, it has endured very well. Very nice. Thank you.", "I love how this hat fit especially since I wear a ponytail a lot! It's super cute and I can feel sporty and look great at the same time!", "Bought these for my son, who won't wear anything else but Nike Air Max running sneakers.  He loved them, fit was as always true to size.  I look for different colors every year!", "The color in the picture shows a Cobalt Blue Vest, which is what I thought I ordered.The vest that was delivered was Navy Blue. I thought the picture was misleading.The quality of the vest is excellent but the color was not what I thought it was.", "Nice shirt, but they run a little bit smaller than most of the other Nike golf shirts. Do yourself a favor and order one size up.", "My clothes horse nephew is on the golf team and really liked the weight of the shirt.  Good purchase for 14 year old!", "Received the product in good condition and quality was excellent. The only slight negative feedback is that the size 'S' is slightly larger than the normal Nike polo.", "Normally I don't like purchasing shoes without trying them on but decided to take a chance on these. I am very pleased with these shoes. Solidly constructed and durable. Surprisingly comfortable for me as well.", "purchased a pair of golf shoes for my son for christmas, his shoe size is 10 1/2 so when i ordered a 10 1/2 and they came, my husband tried them on and they fit him who is a size 9 so i had to return them.  with plenty of time before christmas i ordered a 11 1/2 thinking a full size would be right since there was a 1 1/2\" size between my son and husband.  when they came i wrapped them. when opened for christmas, my son tried them on and they were too big. i'm in the process of returning them now for size 11. hope they fit. the company was very helpful in rushing my order to me. knowledge of how nike's shoes run in size would have saved me a lot of trouble.", "I bought these for my husband after he had been eyeing them for a few months. He wanted something that felt more like sneakers (with grip) than a traditional saddle shoe. He was so excited about these shoes - says they are super comfortable and he feels like his game got better b/c of it!!", "The size 10.5 was not even close. Family members confirmed, as other buyers have found, that it is closer to 9-9.5. The shoes look great, but something with this size or this pair, is wrong.", "its almost a year I am using this shoes and works perfectly and no body can beat this price. great product.", "I chose this rating because the socks where very soft and fit very well, I wish I would have got more.", "I sent one a different color I am disappointed with the product is not as it appears in the pictures before buying tengalon in mind and not be misled before making the purchasen into account", "Bought this for my great neice and it worked out great....we were very pleased and it was so cute and fit perfect", "When this shirt came in the mail all of the vynle on the shirt was coming up. I didn't send it back because it kinda looked cool that way, but after about 3 washes the vynle on the shirt Is almost completely off and it looks like crap. I am verdissapointed in this product", "I bought these shoes since I was doing the nike plus thing and wow these are great. Like every new shoe I had to break them in but ever since then they have been great I've walked a lot in these and they are fantastic. I have even gone out on days after it has rained and in the snow and my feet don't end up soaked like with normal tennis shoes. My favorite shoes ever, I use them every day and when these wear down I will be buying the same ones again.", "I run an average of 10-15 miles per week, so having good running shoes is very important to me. I just purchased these shoes a few weeks ago and have been very happy. These shoes are the most comfortable I have ever used. The support and stability is excellent. Plus, they look great.", "Haven't tried them yet but the product was shipped as ordered. As soon as my son tells me how comfortable they are I will be posting it.", "Like the other reviewer, I have a pair of Nike Free 7.0 shoes that I have worn into the ground.  Now that I am looking for a replacement pair, I see that Nike has discontinued the line and there no place online to get this version.  It's a shame because I love, love, love these shoes.  Nike, please bring back the Free 7.0 for men!", "I don't have these exact shoes but I do own a pair of Nike 7.0. Let me tell you this, these shoes are something else. They have strengthened my legs, feet, calves and my shins. I'm a heavy person, about 225lbs and I run in these to get into shape. I used these shoes to train for the agility test for the police department and I blew them away, i was the first one to cross the finish line, you should have seen the look on peoples face when I came in first. they could not believe a person of my size could run that fast.I'm not saying that I'm the fastest person alive but, training with these shoes have made me run faster by strengthening muscles that are not used when running with a regular running shoe. Regular running shoes are too soft and weaken the muscles. Nike Free Runners do the opposite, they strenghen them up. \"Awesome\" shoes and I don want to by a new pair.", "You can't see the white reflection spots in shoes. Nice shoes tho if you like that look. They are light weight!", "Love the look and the comfort of the sole but the shoe runs very large. I've never had this problem with Nike sizing before I've been wearing Nike for 20 years.", "It was a size to big for me but they looks awsome and I'm planing on getting a size smaller", "I've been using Nike Dual Fusion ST2 shoes to run.  I run about 3 miles a day, and wore out the shoes.  So I thought I try these new and improved Dual Fusion Run2 shoes.  Well, the first week I developed a huge blister on my right toe, so I bought another pair of ST2 and no problems.  So if you run a lot, beware of blisters.", "The product is very good, but I was unaware until receiving the items that they were shipped from England.  Unfortunately, I had to return the shirts for another size.  The return postage was $9.80.  I am unhappy that Amazon did not make it clear at the time of my order that the items were being shipped from England.  I would not have ordered from this vendor if I had been informed.  Why is Amazon using vendors outside of the US??", "Thanks! Everything it's ok with delivery of T-shirt, was a gift for somebody. Good price, good product, the T-shirt  is working perfectly. The purchase is totaly ok!", "They look really good and feel soo comfortable and comes really fast after order great seller and great product can't wait to use them for football in the spring.", "Excellent shoe, worth the money. It was for my son, he played all season in them they held up well and were still intact when he got rid of them. The shipping and product were great.", "Great shoes. I wish you offered more in my size 14. But big feet get a slim selection. Maybe in the future you will continue to get sizes bigger then 12.", "The glasses look exactly as the photo. You get exactly what you see, but not what is in the product description, or was I fooled?? The description states grey with blue flash lenses and feature an interchangeable lens. The glasses came looking just like the picture, a dark charcoal frame (almost black), white on the inside and smoked lenses... where's the blue flash lens??? I do not see any blue lenses... and the product may &#34;feature&#34; interchangeable lenses, but it does not come with any. The interchangeable lenses are $40-$90 a pair on amazon. Almost as much as an additional pair of glasses. Very disappointed. I have three pairs of &#34;older&#34; Nike interchangeable sunglasses and all three pairs came with a harder case, lens pouch AND a second pair of lenses (one dark and one light). I'm disappointed that Nike has become so cheap that they do not give any interchangeable lenses with a pair of INTERCHANGEABLE lens sunglasses. I wish the description stated that &#34;in the box&#34; you get only the sunglasses and an empty pouch.My personal opinion would be to buy a second pair of these with the lens you want rather than the overpriced lenses. This way you would at least get a second frame for just about the same price.", "The sunglases are best of the best....nice vision in the morning and in the afternon....I like style. ...I like color", "I look pretty well with them. They just do what they have to do at a great price. They are the best running glasses I could find.", "My son loves them brand new got there fast they were amazing and the box was new great sellers here", "To my son it they is charmed with the shoes, does not want to part with them, they do not trouble him on having walked", "I ordered this item hoping it would be exactly what I wanted and it was. I was most pleased with the product, couldn't ask for anything better. Two thumbs up!!", "I have owned these shoes now for about 4 months, and so far so good.  I always tend to buy Nike shoes because they last for awhile, and these so far have been no different.  I wear them all of the time, and the only problem so far is they get dirty quickly because they are white (however that is something I knew I would be getting into).  I was concerned about the air pockets in the back of the shoe, because I have had shoes like this before and once they get a leak in them, you get that annoying squeak and air gushing sound.  However, I have not experienced any of these problems yet.Comfort wise, I can wear these shoes all day and my feet do not hurt or feel uncomfortable.  I ordered these shoes in my size, and they run just right and were not too big or small.  I would recommend these shoes to potential buyers.", "Amazing color! Runs small so order 1 entire size up. Being a former Asics girl I am I to fitness! But I began suffering from plantar fascitis. After being devoted to the 5.0s I do not have any pain and it's been a year.", "super comfortable! I use them for going to the gym and they are perfect. I did order a half size larger then my regular shoe size.", "These are the best, most comfortable running shoes I can imagine. If I had the money for 10 more pairs I'd buy them in a heartbeat! They run about a half size smaller than most shoes!", "These shoes fit and feel like a glove. The are very lightweight and easy to run in. I would buy every color if I could:)", "after serious consideration of what brand of running shoes to buy, nike filled my expectations, the shoes are confortable and aerodynamics to run, although they are not appropriate (as it should be) to ran in lands or rocky roads", "I don't mind it actually, just was expecting actual yellow. I ordered a size up because everyone knows Nike running always runs small.  But these still felt small. I was going to return them but didn't wanna deal with the hassle so wore them once to the gym, and they feel much better, loosened up around the tongue area and now they may just be the most comfortable shoe I own:)", "My wife is a true 8 and we read reviews that the shoe fits a little snug and bought a 1/2 size up and she loves it. They are super super comfortable walking and running shoes.", "These shoes fit snug and secure as I had hoped! Nike always runs a half shoe size smaller than I normally wear so I always go up half a size. Normally I wear an 8 but I ordered the 8.5 and they fit perfectly! These are my primary racing shoes so it's very important that they feel good all around. I am very happy with them.", "It is a slim fit. Nice shoe. Made very well. However when I worked out for the first time in this shoe, I had to take it off.", "I LOVE THESE SHOES! However, I've ordered a different pair and had to return them already due to these shoes running extremely small! I'm usually a size 8-8.5 so I ordered this pair in a size 9. They are still a little too snug for my liking. I'm hoping they will stretch out a little with use. They are far too beautiful and expensive to return and try a third time!", "I love these shoes. When I first time tried them on they felt a little tight, but in reality they fit perfectly. My foot doesn't slip in these shoes. They support my high arches comfortably, overall a great find to go on a run, walk or everyday use. I need another pair,", "I buyed it for my girlfriend, works pretty weel in gym, good performance, confortable for jogging, she feel no impact in feet.", "My shoes fit me perfectly! I love them. I got exactly what I wanted/ordered! The only thing was the color, it was m", "Love these shoes, very comfortable and light. Comfortable to run in. I will be buying more nike frees in the future.", "Neon Yellow..good shoe..would buy again. Just know you should buy .5 sizes bigger. Not saying this is a premier Nike shoe.. but it's good enough for what i paid for it.", "This shoe is so comfortable and amazingly light! Note one should order a half size larger for the best results. When it comes to running you want enough space as to not cut your workout short due to sore toes.Also so easy to clean!", "One of the best shoes Ive ever purchased, they are light weight & so comfortable. They are worth every penny!", "I was so happy to find this color, and in my size (10). They're super comfortable and I find they fit super well. I recommend going up a half size if you're going to be running a lot. Very happy!", "This is my first time trying these lightweight NIKE sneakers and I love them.  I would highly recommend them, especially to go to the gym.", "These shoes run exactly half size too small. Both my husband and I needed half size larger. They are terrific shoes. My husband bought two pair!", "Great colors and very comfortable, fit good and they don't stretch out a lot, overall really great product great for casual wear", "So comfortable - I am a size 8 almost all the time and was told that they would run small, but I ordered an 8 anyway. They fit perfectly fine if I wear thinner socks, but I love them!", "Fits like a glove. Very comfortable. Love the bright orange color. Just wish the sensor was included for the price.", "These are my go-to sneakers. I put them on in the morning and they stay on my feet until I arrive home at late afternoon. Seriously, they are the most comfortable running shoes I own. Plus, they're cute/trendy. Perfect match!I reccommend these to anyone that walks around the city all day long and can afford to wear sneakers to work (I do!).Keep in mind they run a whole size small. I wear size US 8 (UK 6.5, EUR 39-40) and had to get these in US 9. I had tried them on in size 8.5 (in a colour I didn't like) and they were waaay too narrow for me.", "They look perfect!*.*I love the color but They are a Bit to small and were a Bit dirty at the back when I get them..:(", "I really like the light weight of the shoe and the look.  It just seems to run small for regular sizing.", "Love these sneakers! They fit like a sock with tread. I got a size 7 because that is my usual size but I would suggest a half size up if u like to wear a sock.", "Absolutely love these shoes. They fit perfectly, they are absolutely wonderful. I highly recommend this product. It is extremely well made.", "I recommend those workout shoes to everyone. Outstanding, very comfortable and you will love them and will workout at the gym longer than you did it before!!", "This was a Christmas gift for a friend`s daughter. She has said they fit her well and likes them. She runs for her high school track team.", "My feet feel really happy while I am walking in these shoes! I ordered a larger size after I read the reviews and I'm glad I did!", "I'm a huge Nike fan. I bought these shoes 3 years ago and forgot to leave feedback (sorry). These were my favorite shoes to play basketball in. Super light and supportive. However, Nike has put out newer models of the shoe since my purchase.", "These are the most comfortable tennis shoes I have ever worn.  I purchased a pair 1 1/2 years ago, and since they are starting to get a little dingy and worn, I had to have another pair.  If they had more colors, I would buy a pair in every color!", "I have had these in the past and have looked all over at many many stores for them.  I with buying them over the internet was not the only way to get them.", "excelente me gustaron y llegaron en perfecto estado llegaron con caja y todo no me quejo fue lo que esperaba", "Any running shoe that bears the Air Max Plus moniker should have a well-cushioned, beefy platform. Unfortunately, this particular model does not and is a disappointing, radical departure from the Air Max Plus heritage that had been the \"Cadillac of running shoes\".This shoe is lightweight with a mostly breathable mesh upper. The platform itself has a lighter, more cheaply-made feel than the traditional Tuned Air chassis. After about 50 miles of use, I had to replace the inner sole with a Dr. Scholl's Athletic cushion, to provide more shock absorption when running. It should be noted that I have never had to replace the inner soles of the traditional Air Max Plus before, which have all been subject to about 500 miles of hard use; the old chassis design had always been able to take the pounding.I'm not quite sure what the philosophy was behind this running shoe. A separate model should have been made, with the express purpose of being a lightweight, mediocre-cushioned running shoe. In essence, the tradition of the Air Max Plus series should have been retained because the Air Max + 2012 sorely misses the mark and, in fact, is more reminiscent of the Reebok Zig-Pulse than anything else.For the money, it is far less than adequate.", "Bought these online but Nike shoes have fit me well regardless of what type it it (shox, free, air max) as long as I get my size.Quite comfortable as one can imagine by looking at them. Kinda like walking on a supportive cloud. If they last as long as my shox (9 yrs and going) it's a good bargain. My frees wore down pretty fast in comparison", "My son loved these shoes they are true to size and the price was ok...Nike is something my kids wear most of the time", "I usually buy Vans because I like the comfort, style, grip, and durability. However, I went out on a limb and tried Nike because I heard their line of skate shoes was pretty good. When I bought these I did not skate, however, two months later I picked it up. Normally, skaters go through shoes pretty consistently, if they're good enough to at least ollie. I was not. Over the course of a month, the sole of my shoe wore down until there was huge gaping hole in the bottom. Now, bare in mind, I did nothing technical. No jumps, tricks, or any of that. I was just learning the basics... like rolling and stopping. However, the sole wore down until it was a smooth surface which could grip nothing. The same would have happened if I didn't skate, it just would have taken about three months longer. I do not recommend these shoes, especially for the 60$ price tag. If you're buying for style, sure, go for it I guess. If you do skate, do not buy them under any condition.", "i got these shoes at famous footwear, and they are good shoes. the only problem i have is that the insole is too thin, but that can be fixed", "My boys really like colorful Nike shoes. When I get a chance I cruise Ross and Marshalls to see if I can snag a pair at a decent price. I have found  some great bargains. But when it was new shoe time and I couldn't find any in the 'hood, I looked to Amazon and these did just fine. I think they may run a little small.", "great shoe! comfy and stylish. almost as comfortable as the regular Nike Free (hence a 4 star rating, but more like a 4.5). It's heel is a little higher than the running shoe.", "once again Nike didnt fail me on quality, true to size and looked exactly like the picture shown so no dissapointment for my son. I am sure these like all the other Nike shoes I buy will last a long time. Thank you amazon for quick shipping and great products. You never let me down!", "i like the color,i liked how comfortable it was, it fit perfectly, but i ruined them i wish i could buy this shoe again", "Oh, how I love these shoes! The color is sharp/beautiful and everything came in good condition. The shoes are pretty close to the picture except the bottom 'white' part of the shoe is actually a little more purple hue than what is shown. I don't mind though; it still looks great! I got these shoes for running, so I hope that they hold up. The inside of the shoe is ribbed and the sole is very sturdy/comfortable. I got them in my normal shoe size, and they fit perfectly. The only complaint I'd have about the shoe is the tongue. It is stitched into the shoe so it doesn't move. While this really isn't a huge issue since the shoe fit well, it could be an issue for someone deciding between sizes. Since it doesn't move for comfort, you may consider going up a half size. All in all, great buy, and I can't wait to wear them!!", "I have bought these sneakers and boy what a great purchase. They are durable and very comfortable. Most of all they look great. I chose the color red because of its rich shade. When I wear these shoes they grab attention and boy do they grab attention. Overall these shoes look great. They run true to size and as I said before they are comfortable and don't take very long to break in. Based on my experience thus far I would recommend these shoes to anyone with an interest in great quality and comfort. Whether you are serious basketball player or someone who wants a great looking and comfortable sneaker then this is for you. They also come in a fantastic Blue and Tennis Ball Yellow. However younmay find the YellowVersion hard to maintain as they tend to get dirty quickly due to it's bright color. I would recommend the Blue or the Red for everyday use as dirt does'nt really show that quickly on these colors.", "If you are lucky enough to be in attendance at the few night games that UGA has because President Adams is a cry baby, you might need this set of Dawg attire to keep your body in homeostasis.  Then again, chances are it is a 12:30 game and you will be in the sun, so save this for those days before they turn the heat on in the classrooms of Park Hall.", "I wanted to buy a sledgehammer to soften these shoes up, but they were cheap so it's not worth it.  They look good.  Don't feel good though, chaffing, rigidity, ouch", "I love these shoes. They are the greatest thing since I wore converse basketball shoes in the 1960's and the 1970,s. No strings to break nor to ever buy again. The comfort is great. The color was not as shocking as I would of supposed and people come up to me and tell me they love my shoes and ask me where I got them, and I tell them, \" From Amazon.com\" from \"soulmonster\" I fully intend to buy more and probly long before this pair wears out. They are quick to place on and easy to let air out. They are not overly tight and I am 51 years old and have had problem with feet swelling in other shoes but not in these. I do add a slight layer of an insole from another older pair of shoes that I cut to size. Just cause I weigh 272 pounds and needed a little more padding. I recomend these shoes to anyone whom is diabetic or has standing problems with need of ankle support. They arived in less than 4 days from the order date even though it said it would take up to 2 weeks for delivery. Thank you for a great pair of shoes. \"Faboulous!\"", "I had this wallet for a little under a year. They have a lot of these things available at Ross for less than $15 where I live. I've seen it at multiple locations so definitely check there if you want to get it for cheaper.It's nice to the touch and there's a lot of space for collecting receipts and those sorts of things. However, the wallet isn't too useful if you clutter up cards like I did.I ended up overstuffing my Nike wallet and the thing broke apart. I ended up buying another Nike Golf wallet that was sturdier and had a window for ID. Another gripe I have with this wallet is no window for IDs and that sort of stuff.Not worth $35, but definitely worth buying for cheaper, especially if you don't have a lot of cards and know where all your IDs are.", "Although this pullover is a bit pricey, it is worth every dime.  It is lightweight, comfortable and looks great.  I've washed it several times as well and the color had not faded at all.  If I could find another color combination that I like I would definitely get another one..", "Great for indoors and short trips outside above 40 degree temps.  I am tall and the sleeves fit perfectly.  Will probably purchase another shirt in a different color.", "GO NOLES! Love the nike Drifit. Shirt fits true to size and breaths well. Could not be happier with the purchase.", "Clean J's for my 3 year old son. Even though when he unwrapped them he did not even open the shoe box.. All he did was see the shoe box, and say \"Jordans\", put the box to the side and opened more gifts.  lol", "Ordered the 3 piece set for our nephew for Christmas and the pants were the wrong size that was listed. Everything else was the right size but the pants. Didn't realize the return policy until after the holidays and by then it was too late.", "I bought these for my husband and within a few months all of the blue paint on the sole was gone!", "I have found the quality of Nike golf shoes makes them worth every penny you pay for them.  After multiple rounds of golf, they feel comfortable and hardly show and signs of wear. (No scuffs or creases)", "To practice soccer or sports DRIFIT rocks! So these socks are a good example. They keep your feet dry and are comfortable.", "These are terrific -- husband really likes them over the rest of his athletic socks.  Fast ship, packaged well.  Large fit his size 13s well, too.  Would recommend.", "Great pair of socks. Very comfortable to wear and fits properly.One bad thing would be they are easily stretched.", "I wear a size 13 shoe, these socks should be true to size. Crew is mid-calf, these go to knee.", "I really liked the quality and the feel of the socks. They had alot of options to choose from, and shipping was really fast. I would buy again.", "I bought a three pack. When I donned the second pair the material ripped and I had a hole about 1/2 inch across. I returned the socks per Nike instructions at my own cost (as much as I paid for one pair). I got a quick but unsatisfactory response that it was not a defect but an &#34;abrasion.&#34; Sorry customer, you must be lying to us on how the hole appeared on first use.&#34; That's how I read it. Rather than look for a fix, blow us off. Back to other brands for me - ones that wear out over time.", "These socks are perfect for working out and running. Super comfortable and seem be made out of high end materials.", "This product arrived in a timely manner. When they arrived,I noticed they were sealed twice, once in a waterproof envelope and then inside a yellow bubbled envelope. This kept the socks clean and dry from the elements of the weather. I am very pleased with the price, the speed of delivery and the packaging of the Nike socks. I would recommend ordering from here again.", "The Grey Nike swoosh is not as bright as pictured. When my son was on the basketball court they looked like plain black socks. They are a little thinner than previous Nike socks. I would not buy these again.", "I have to admit, these socks are pretty freaking awesome. They are not as cool as the Elites because they don't have a numerous variety of color or the spine on the back, but they are still very cool. Only thing I say I don't really like is that the swooshes are not always like the picture shows. Like one of my pairs of the red socks, the swoosh is at the very back of my foot... so, I mean I always can just twist it when I put it on, but it is kind of a pain.", "Seriously, how good can socks be? Well, awesome that's how. The right fit, length and thickness....makes we want to work out", "I started wearing Dri-fit socks a couple of years ago.  Now I have two drawers full of them!!  They are so comfortable!!", "Good socks and long lasting.  My teenage son loves these and wears them every day.  Will order more to meet his demands.", "They're so comfortable and keep my feet dry! They're also very warm, but not too thick, so they fit perfectly into my patent leather nursing shoes. I will be purchasing more.", "Great fit, great feel! I really like these Nike Dri fit socks I will definitely purchase more when needed. Shipping was fast.", "I love these.  I bought them after I bought the no show version.  Your feet stay dry but the sock will be soaked.", "These are my son's favorite socks.  They even have a left and right sock in the pair. Keeps his feet dry.", "The cushioning on the socks is good and the Dri-weave works well, but the socks are very tight on my legs. I have skinny legs and ordered large and still they are very tight.", "I use these for work every day and they offer support and keep my feet dry.  They are tight around my legs but I like that about them.  If you have thick legs or don't like tight knee socks these might not be for you.  They are called crew socks but they go to just below my knees.", "These are absolutely amazing! Especially for the gym or basketball! If you sweat alot and dont like having your shoes smell, these are the socks for you!!!", "I like these socks because they don't slide down as I run or just walk.  The elastic in the middle of the foot helps to prevent bunching.", "These socks are wonderful.  They are a perfect length, and super  comfortable not to mention they are dri fit!  Outstanding.", "Excellent Product, great price, faster than expected delivery. Very comfortable socks, the whole left and right thing is a great idea although a little tedious when sorting the washing out!", "i love these socks.  feel great on the feel, plus they have the little L and R so you are never confused on which foot to put them on.", "After trying these socks, I will not wear anything else. Love the tight fit and great support. My feet feel great when wearing these socks!", "I basically only wear these socks because they are stay cool while I am doing athletics. These socks also look very good. Unfortunately I have to give this 3 stars because the socks stretch very easily and I wear size 14 shoes but they make these socks so long I can put them almost at my knee so I have to roll them down.Pros:Great initial fit.Look very good.Cons:Stretch very easily.If you order them for you foot size they will go very high up your calf so you have to roll them down.", "I played basketball with these socks, they are pretty good, just kind of rough, need time to get used to it,", "They work, this is the first time I have tried these type socks. And they do keep my feet dry. I am a women and they are a little large my shoe size is a 6. But they make me knee socks", "First thing first....these are NOT the NIKE Elite socks. However, they are just as stylish at a much cheaper price point. My son wears these socks during his football games. These players are very fashion conscious, so the fact that he's wearing these--during game time--speaks volumes about how &#34;in&#34; these socks are.", "These were as expected. They are very comfortable and keep my feet dry. Really like these and will try more dri-fit products", "These socks were the material I was looking for but they weren't crew size they were full length knee high.", "Awesome. Just awesome. They are light yet feel cushioned and feels great on my feet. I will always buy these when they go on sale. Sometimes 12 packs go for $30. I'm a size 9 and a large fits great.", "They fit well. Can never go wrong with nike. I the feel and cushion to them. It might be a lot for socks but boy are they great and warm", "helpful for all day work. the socks hug your feet making u feel comfortable .actually feels like  a foot massage all day", "I received 12 pair for Christmas. Like the reviewer before said, they have lots of lint. Also my feet sweat more with these than with regular socks.", "Socks are marked left and right and one of the pairs had two left.  Did not noticed until after I washed them.  My son will not wear for basketball because the symbol is not on correct side.  Would not send replacement pair but did get 40% off.", "They are the best fit and are very comfortable too. Love these socks. They keep you warm during winter too.", "These socks are very comfortable and feel good even after 12 hour days and they stay in place without being to tight.  I have the basketball version of these socks also.", "Good service! My product came in pretty quick. I would use this person again. It did not take long at Allan's the product was good.", "These socks fit great (right between ankle and knee) and look nice with the Nike swoosh.  Obviously a well made product.  Recommend!  Plus they do stay dry!", "Bought this for my little brother for Christmas. The only thing is that the picture is exactly as sock is, so the swoosh symbol IS gray, not white. But awesome, just as described. He will love them.", "came on time and fit perfectly, i got a medium and wear a women's size nine and these worked perfectly", "I guess when you buy a three-pack of these, the quality is much less than when you buy a single pair-for almost the same price.  So I guess I shouldn't be surprised.  However, I am even wondering if these are knock-offs somehow?? (The &#34;swoosh&#34; color seems different and the knit is definitely of a lesser quality - and it didn't actually say NIKE on the packaging, which was also interesting.)  Overall, I am just perplexed by how hard it is to find a pair similar to the ones we previously purchased.  But whatever, we will use these.  And of course, if this is our biggest problem, we are doing okay.", "These are great socks, I bought these for my teenage son. Very comfortable and stylish. Came in three different colors", "These socks hold up and will last you.  The stitching is great and these socks are very comfortable to wear.", "Can't really provide a first hand account because I gave these to my grandson for his birthday.  They were a request on Amazon, so I assume he really likes them.", "Great product. Comfortable socks and nice design. Really good colors and good fitt, I would recommend it to anyone who plays Basketball.", "qw er sd xc fg vb as gh lm lll  qwr for got kmn kgkg mgmg g fkfk  kflflffmgl hjk", "If you like Nike socks--these are the best and they are sold out of sports stores quickly.  Best to shop online.", "These socks fit great and work well with my high-top basketball shoes. These are better than other dri-fit socks I've tried, and the price is awesome!", "as far as the socks go the are nice but I was sent a medium instead of x-large in the white.  therefore, it was not worth sending back for the right size.", "As you would expect from Nike great socks, great arch support and they even mark left and right.... Highly recommended", "I will order these again, probably. I am not sure about the Left & Right issue though. They come in three different colors, so as long as you don't get more than one set you shouldn't have any problem with wearing two Lefts or Rights. I'm not even sure if this would be a problem. There is an L and R in red near the toe, a spot you can see in the photo, so it is not a matter of identification. They are built like a sport sock but cotton.", "I purchased these socks for basketball season because my little ankle socks were not very comfortable in my basketball shoes. I thought that these sock would only prevent my sneakers from rubbing against my skin. It not only did that be they were amazing comfortable! I wear size 9 in womans, thats about 7 in mens and i ordered Medium and i was amazed with way it perfectly hugged my feet.I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who plays basketball!", "These are extremely comfortable and amazingly useful, I love them and where them every day. These are not as good as the Nike Elites, but still very good. I recommend them to anyone who wants a comfortable day for the feet", "These are extremely comfortable! the look nice, and they aren't too tall like some of the socks are; such as: Nike Elites can go more than half way up your calve.", "My daughter plays basketball and her feet are horrible smelling. Since she has got the socks her feet doesnt seem to smell as bad, but they are alwaysh soaked after a game or practice. But overall they are really greaat socks kind of pricey but they are definately worth it. We couldn't find them at any local sports stores in her size so if you are looking for them the internet is definately a way to go. ! :)", "These socks are great, they form fit to my foot perfectly and don't slip around or need readjusted throughout the day.  I use them for work and working out.  The wick moisture well too.  Great product.", "Sox drive me crazy. Most don't stay up or they bunch up inside your shoes. These sox do everything just right. I bought them to play golf in. At the end of 18 holes the tops are still calf high, nothing bunched up inside my shoe and my feet are dry and cool. Great product.", "These are great socks. I've had them for a while and have not worn a hole in them yet, so far so good.", "These socks felt great and were exactly as expected. I will definately be buying them again in the future. Thanks", "My son loves these socks.  He has a problem with sweaty feet and finds they keep him dry.  They are also provide a wonderful cushion and he has told me they maintain comfort when he is on his feet for extended times.", "My daughter needed these socks for basketball.  I looked everywhere in retail stores but could not find her size.  Amazon had them, and delivered them in just a couple of days.  She really likes them, too - she said they keep her feet dry.", "The socks were exactly as they were pictured and described. My son loves them, and I may buy more soon.", "nothing better, I love them.  lightweight, breathable and just perfect for the sneaker. just enough padding and very durable.  I plan on buying 10 more sets", "Fit really nicely and support the arch of the feet.  These are quality socks that my son and I both love", "What can you say about socks?  There aren't too many people I see getting excited over receiving socks, but they were exactly what was asked for and, from what I have been told by their wearer, very comfy and keep feet dry and warm all day long!", "These socks are not really for working out in. They are way to thick for working out. They are not really for the office as well. They are to thick for most of my shoes. I use them mostly for just around the house. If you are looking to buy these for the gym, do not. If you want a pair of socks for the house these are pretty good.", "Back to buy more.My husband works 12-16 hour days in boots these socks really work great to control the odor.He usually will not spend more than $1 on a pair of socks and after receiving these as a gift he cant live without them.", "My boyfriend loves them for when he plays basketball! Extremely comfortable. I would Recommend these to anyone playing a sport!", "Who would have thought a good pair of socks could make a guy's day?  My boyfriend RAVES about these socks!", "these are pretty long socks.  my son has big foot but isn't into the sock halfway up his calf, so he slouches it down some and works great.  he digs them", "Been using these for about 3 years and they are going strong.  I have been through 2 sets of walmart socks and they are full of holes and worn out.  These don't absorb much water - act like wool but not itchy.  Keep you cool in summer, not winter socks but do fine until its gets real cold.", "I love these sneakers, bought them for my first born, but they are too narrow for my older son. I had to put them done for my younger son. He will be wearing them in a couple of months.", "I didn't receive the exact item I ordered, I sent the vendor an E-mail to make sure I get the exact item, they told everything was fine but in the end it was a lie, they just wanted to make sure the sale is concreted.It was other design and color, different to the picture displayed when I was completing the purchase.", "I love this blazer models of Nike and I fell in love with this shoe when I first saw it. The shiny back, the greys, the pinks, they suit very well. I usually wear size 6.5 but only a size 7 was left in stock. Thinking that my other Nike was size 7, I decided to purchase this one. Result: Size 6.5 would be much better, however the puffy inside of this shoe made size 7 OK.", "very stylish and receive compliments on em every time i hoop. the cushioning comfort in the sole could have been better. bought som in-soles. also the mid covers the ankle for support moderately-but work perfectly with my ankle braces. strap over the top of the foot can be a little tight at times, and hoped it could be higher. great grip on indoor courts. all in all, descent shoe for playing ball.", "I work in an environment that I'm on my feet all day long so my feet sweat a lot.  These socks are prefect for my comfort!", "I love the FitDry quality, and if you don't mind your socks labeled Left and Right, (as if we didn't have enough to think about), these are great athletic socks.  Note, however, that the cotton is not nearly as thick as they used to be, and I find the build quality degrading a bit over time (but I still buy them every 6 months.)", "Great socks, my husband and I laughed because they have an R on the Right foot and Left on the left foot ....would have been great for the kids when they where little lol....comfortable and does the job!", "I know that FitDry stuff is supposed to be fitted, but these are downright tight. I wear an 11 shoe, so I bought the Large size (8-12). They are a struggle to get on, and my foot feels somewhat compressed in them. It's not like I cannot wear them, but they are tighter than I would like.Having said that, they definitely keep my feet drier than your run of the mill cotton socks, which is the point.", "These socks work great and fulfill their purpose. However, my problem is that they wear quickly. If you are an avid runner, the socks will become worn from washing quicker than wanted.", "Most comfortable sock I ever had. As soon as I wore the first pair I ordered more. They fit perfectly.", "I bought these for my husband who is a size 12 but for some reason, a lot of the regular sport socks shrink up too much or just don't fit right. He loves these socks!  Would definitely buy them again!", "I was very excited for my husband who works outdoors to try these socks.  I got them home and made sure I got the right size:  large, for a men's shoe size 8-12.  I went to take them out of the package and immediately noticed that they were tiny.  I tried them on my WOMEN'S size 8 foot and they were barely big enough for me.  There is no way my husband could wear these socks.  The material barely stretches and once again they are far too small to be considered for a man's size 8-12 foot.  Perhaps a WOMEN'S size 6-8.", "My Husband Loves Them! What more can I say.  If a man likes something AND asks you to order more for him there must be something mighty right about it. Right, huh? He says they support his feet and they feel good on. He loves them!", "Note the thin top of socks in the picture...I have a number of pair like these and cant find in the store anymore.  The socks I received are the standard Dri-Fit material rather than the ultra thin material you see in the picture.  I can use them anyway.", "No high my expectations, I asked for the black and white sent in black. The color is the problem ok", "Toes were cotton material, either I didn't read the description well or I just expected the whole sock to be like that dry fit material. My other pair from a different brand was. It fits well and is comfortable. I tried these for the price because I spent $30 elsewhere.", "Wow.  Amazing fit, custom fit for r/l feet, breathe really well, exactly the cushion you want in exactly the right spots.  These are the best socks I've ever worn.", "The socks are too small to fit my size 10 feet. It is even more disappointing to find out, after I've washed them, that there are more left foot socks than right foot. Now that I've opened the packages up, I can't return them. So I'm stuck with 5 pairs of unbelievably tight socks and 2 extra pairs of left foot socks (I bought two packs). Yuck!", "Great fit, very comfortable, would recommend to anyone. Follow the recommend sizes. I bought larg instead of medium like usual and they fit perfect.", "For a long time I was the kind of person who wore $1 socks with $100 shoes. Recently I re-thought that proposition and upgraded my athletic sock collection to the Nike dri-fit socks as well as similar offerings from Adidas and Gold Toe. Out of the three I prefer the Nikes because the Gold Toes are not as snug and the Adidas bottoms and elastic wore out the fastest. The L and R designations are a bit over the top for me and I always seem to pull up three \"Ls\" from my sock drawer before I can find a matching \"R\", but that's a small price to pay for comfort and durability.", "Subject line says all.They are nice to wear when hiking. I wear Solomon Trail runners and they work perfect for them because they allow in air and I like a good thin sock. I just need to take care of them better I think.I buy REI socks and other brands I've not really heard of before. Socks are an interesting product because It is not always easy to find one you really like that fits your foot well. These are among my first choice in summer socks for hiking or running unless I can find something better, I will always be buying different socks with this design in mind to try them out.", "My Wife loves these shoes, so great for hot climates, incredibly comfortable and throw them in the washing machine or dishwasher & they come out like new. These are her third pair (different colors)!", "This is the only shoe my husband will wear. He loves the Nike Pegasus. This year's shoes was a little to neon for him, so we ordered these. He loves them!!!", "Due to my weigth (200+ pounds) I need extra cushion. The shoe is very comfortable, comes with Nike+. Is the Correct size.", "I bought these for my son so that he would match his dad who has the same pair of shoes.  He absolutely loves them and calls them his daddy shoes.", "Liked the shoes but got the wrong size! No problem I figured Id just return them. Well They came from overseas with no free returns! I would have to ship them myself, so ended up having to sell them for half the cost!", "Purchased these for my teen, he loved them. I ended up getting them in red and black as well,so a big hit.", "My daughters school colors are Black, White and Orange... So for Basketball, we thought these sneakers would be ideal... Unfortunately this color is more of a brick color rather than orange, therefore the 3 stars... Had I had more time before the beginning of Basketball, I would've sent them back but...", "i use these for rugby and very clean and cool looking! shipped on time and without a hastle. very light and ventilated for being quick on your feet i highly reccommend!", "Very nice for parties and to look good haha but not good shoes for long walks but i would recommened this for every jordan shoe collector!", "This sneaker is one of, if not the best basketball shoe I have played in. It is very comfortable and locks the ankle quite well. I wish I could get different colours in this shoe though...The shoe is Great!!", "Nice sneakers but they did not really fit my son so not sure if the Velcro would work right if they fit him or not, I returned them already just waiting for notification that they received them back and return my money.", "I received this shirt and it was extremely big for a large. I purchase many Nike products and I'm comfortable enough with the sizing to order the normal size my husband wears. I went to return this product and the seller didn&#8217;t send me a return label so I would have had to pay to send it back. The shirt was $19.99 and it was going to cost me $13.99 to send this product back. I am now stuck with a product that is way too big because of this seller. I would not recommend buying anything from this seller unless you want to be stuck with a pricey return if you are not satisfied with the product.", "It is a bit big for me but that is my fault.  Y bought XL and it seems i'm not that big!! jejeAs soon as i can, i'll try to buy a L...", "This tee will be good for my son's College baseball games.  The adult small ran a little large but he will probably grow into it.", "You can order one size smaller than your usual size. It runs a size larger. Otherwise, it is pretty good. You paid for the cool Nike check mark.", "It was a good product but I ordered a maroon shirt and when I got the product it was black", "Best dri fits I've ever owned I've got 3-4 other ones of these all different colors I'd wear these all the time !", "Picture makes it look like it has a fade in it but it is all black. Still a great shirt but not what i wanted.", "Great buy!Shirts do exactly what they promise.  Light-weight, comfortable, moisture-wicking.  Great for the tropics.  My husband loves the shirts.  I bought him 3 more!", "My husband plays in a band and it gets very hot and sweaty after a couple of hours!  These shirts look great under a jacket and help keep the musicians cooler and more comfortable hour after hour.", "Great shoes! My 13 year old son picked them out for his birthday present. They seem to be wearing well and he likes them so much I've caught him wiping them clean after he wears them...that says alot for a 13 year old boy!", "The shoes looked nice and were comfortable, but wore out quickly. My husband has had other Nike products, but all of those lasted much longer.", "These were comfortable and lasted me all year long. I even machine washed them a few times to keep them clean. The back of the shoe where your foot slides in eventually broke but I got my moneys worth out of the shox", "This seller provided a quality item exactly as advertised. I was more than happy with this. It was a gift. I have ordered other shoes from other sellers and have had problems. This seller was great. I will order from them again.", "NIKE RELENTLESS 3, THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE, AS WELL, AS THE OTHER 2 PAIR'S OF NIKE MEN FLEX 2013 RN, (btw,, I forgot to mention one feature, about the Nike Flex, they have arch support.)I ordered a pair, of Nike Relentless 3 w white/Iron Ore/Game Royal/black, they are most definitley, are not what I expected,I expected them to be too narrow, but, to my surprise, from ordering on-line w Amazon, I didnt have to go out, & shop, for the perfect fit, as they are! Thank's Amazon, you're most convenient!!Happy customer, again!Jeffery", "LOVE THESE SOCKS!! They fit my 6 year old perfectly!  They are snug but not so tight they leave a mark on the ankles. They stay put and don't shift when putting on shoes.  Love them. Ordering more today.", "I bought these shoes for my son as a Christmas gift and he loves them.  They are sturdy and well made.  Although with shipping and tax they were they were rather expensive they are worth it!", "Great made in USA sock (IF) you have skinny smaller than average feetSock seems to be contstructed well and as always it is an added plus they are made in the USA but I'd swear it was sized for Chinese feet.  These socks are not what I would call a men's large.  I am a size 11 and I could NOT get them on my feet.  Ended up giving them to a woman since they fit her ok.", "I really like these sneakers, they fit perfect and look good on me. Its been hard trying to find a decent pair of sneaks that look good on a size 15 feet. They arrived on time, as they should have. I will be buying the blue pair soon enough. I wore these while in Jamaica and they fit comfortable and I was able to walk in them for a long period of time. Great buy", "Great looking pair of sunglasses, with a retro look, a bit aviator style. Works with elongated faces too. The lenses are a little reflective like mirrors, but not ridiculously so. Cool aspect overall.", "These are the best sunglasses ever. They fit snug cover your whole eye area with no glare. They are classic looking and they colors are great. I have bought 3 pairs of them and the price can't be beat. Thanks Guys.", "These look nicely vintage, but I would recommend Vintage '72 for men. These are a little curved and can look feminine. The lenses are a bit reflective, like a mirror.", "Worth every penny! So light and comfortable. Great structure. Nike knows what they are doing. Great design. Cute on my feet too! I cant wait to use this pair for running.", "These shoes fit perfect and are super comfy. I was getting a terrible pain in the side of my foot whenever I ran. Decided to try a different show. Went with this one and haven't had the pain since. Very glad I bought them. The shoe laces are very pink....doesn't look that way in this picture. I think it's cute though. : )", "Too small... be careful with the size are very small... did not serve me...dos not serve me.. Too small 1", "very poor qualitythe sole of the shoe was loose, the price, compared to Nike Factory, was much higher.I had to change it in Nike Factory for a different model, and the price was 20 dollars less", "I use these in the gym and for running. Very comfortable and light. Nike is usually my favorite brand for sport shoes.", "Came really fast. Fits perfect. I believe its true to size. So comfortable.  I bought them for work and for work outs. So far so good. Love the color looks just like the photo", "A great sneak for the gym. I purchased this sneaker to wear to the gym exclusively. It is light weight and fit like a glove. I am a true 11 and this sneaker fits me perfectly, would highly recommend it to any one else.", "Super good shoe, I love the syle and fit.  They are very comfortable for walking and work where I have to stand on my feet all day.", "She loved these when she opened them up for her birthday present. She really liked the colors and the soles.", "These run true to size. I usually have to go up a size in sneakers but these fit in my true size perfectly.", "These are great! They fit great and are comfortable. It's always scary buying shoes online because you never know if they will fit right but I would recommend these. Plus they are super cute.", "Very comfortable and well made Nike product. Everyone wants these! Highly recommend to the serious baseball player! You just can't go wrong with these.", "THIS IS A GIFT FOR OUR GRANDSON.  HE LOVES THEM.  HE CAN'T WAIT UNTIL SPRING GETS HERE TO START USING THEM...", "I bought one 3 years ago and the is the only shoes that i trust. Now i will buy the elastic model just because i can't find one of this", "Even with the new Nike Bomba and Elastico shoes, this T-7 still reigns supreme in the world of turf and indoor shoes.I bought these on sale for 35 Euros (50 USD), but I would not hesitate to pay full price for them.The Kangaroo leather upper is the best of the best, I only wish they used more, like along the inside of the foot, but that would have seriously compromised durability.One thing to watch out for - the studs wear out extremely fast! Make sure to wear these only on game day, and only on appropriate surfaces (no cement!).Overall, a ridiculously comfortable, great touch, great fit, stable shoe perfect for small-sided games.", "Nothing to do w/the seller, but these shoes are extremely uncomfortable ... Arrived on time ... just not pleased w/the shoe.  I bought these to wear at the gym and are the most uncomfortable style of Nike shoe that I've ever worn.  My feet hurt soooo horribly after my workout that I had to actually take them off in the car so I could drive home in comfort.  Unfortunately, since I wore them out I am unable to return them so am now stuck w/a pair of shoes that I will never wear again.  I guess I should have stuck with the Nike Torch shoe; was previously happy with those.", "I bought these a year ago and I love them to this day.  Continue to get compliments on them.They don't show much of the dirt or wear like other shoes I've had.", "Great looking shoes! I bought them for my husband and he loved them. They fit perfect and are very comfortable", "Just another pair of sneakers to replace those my grandson had worn out.  Same style, same company, same item.  I ordered these from you because I didn't want the hassle of shoe shopping.  Thanks!", "love em get them now!!! thats all i have to say and this is the only place you are going to find them", "Been wearing Niky sunglasses for a while, but this one is just perfect...ProsPrice was goodClear visionPretty good shape and materialsConsI would like it had interchangable lenss, but is not a big deal!", "My child loves these shoes, he thinks he is the best shooter on the floor now.  He says they are comfortable and the fit is good.", "Santa brought these for Christmas and my son can not stop wearing them....Santa may be bringing the next size up next Christmas as well.", "I bought these for my boyfriend over a year ago now, and they are still in perfect condition!  He absolutely loves them and wears them all the time!!  He has about 4 pairs of Jordans, and out of all of them, these are by far his favorite... and mine too!!", "Anyone who pays more than $160 is being ripped off. These sneakers were released over six months ago and websites like finishline and east bay still have them for $160. Resellers need to stop ripping people off.", "these photo blue 9s are so comfty , these are def my go to shoes on a day when I wanna wear sneakers", "I bought this shoe for my self the day it came out. They are great shoes. They look amazing with jeans and i would recommend it ton anyone from serious sneaker heads to someone needing a new pair of shoes. It has great quality but the only thing is that it runs a little small. I suggest ordering a half size up from your regular shoe size.", "Very speedy placement of order. Shoe was exactly what i wanted..dont step on my j's  lol. exceptional quality. order was recived promptely", "Overall I am very impressed by the quality of the product ,very  comfortable and Classics never go out of style", "this purchase was for my son and he loves it thank you we will be back, my son wears this shoes for long hours without any discomfort", "They Don't feel like the other 9s I Have. They Feel funny and believe they are fake. Most likely wont purchase again.", "Sure these shoes are pricey but you get what you pay for. I worked 60 hours a week all year and I finally was able to purchase these shoes. I put them on and you could immediately tell these weren't your average $60 sneakers. They may have the same amount of form, comfort, shape, and performance but they are WAY more stylish. Like $1600 stylish.Sometimes my daughter complains, though. She'll say things like \"Are we going to eat tonight\" and \"I'm tired of sleeping in the street\" but then I just show her my awesome Nikes and she shuts her little bitch mouth.", "This shoe is true to size.  It's pretty comfortable for a patent leather shoe.  I like the color and the look.", "during physical therapy of the knee, therapist stated \"heel is too high, creating a poor functionality of leg and knee...\"", "Purchased for my son who's an athlete.  He loved them on and off the court/field. I would order again especially if they go in sale.", "I purchased theses as a Christmas gift for my brother and he loves them. They shipped on time and everything was fine.", "These shoes are amazing and the colors are vibrant! I love them and received them quickly from th seller, I can't wait until I wear them out!", "These shoes are great. They fit to your feet comfortably. They have a great feel for the court. As a basketball player, these shoes are perfect. The ankle strap helps for ankle support for driving and making cuts.", "Love them.  Very comfortable and supportive.  Nice looking and great for walking and running.  They are very light weight for running.", "i love these sliders ... i wear them all the time they are so comfortable ... only problem is they scratch easily but other than that i still love it", "I love all the Nike sandles. Fit well to all shapes of your feet. Great buy! Worth every penny! Form fitting.", "Great sneakers.  Really looks great.  Great quality.  Runs small.  If you where a 10, I would recommend buying 11.", "I love this jacket is very comfortable and cute to wear.  I run in it and can put a layer or 2 under it.  I also wear out and about its so cute.", "I want so badly to love this shoe, but they are just a little too tight and they squeeze my toes.  The next size up would be too large though. Plus they are difficult to get on. It's like putting on an aqua shoe. By the time I get both my feet in I feel like I've already had my workout.", "These shoes are really comfortable and they look great with anything. The only thing I don't like is that when I got them they fit a little bit small on my feet even though they are the size that I get in every shoe. Once you stretch them out a little bit though there's really no issue. :)", "I am a respiratory therapist and am on my feet hours on end. I was given a pair a these as a gift a few years. I am headed to buy my fourth pair now. I love these shoes. Usually, with any other brand shoe, I come home from work so tired I can hardly think. With these, believe it or not, my feet do not hurt after a long day. From the cushion on my heel, to the wide width (I have crazy wide cajun feet, like a damn duck)my feet never ache. I highly, highly recommend anyone who is on the go to try these. I also walk/run in them and they are very light. Don't pass up these great shoes.Dustye Whisenhunt CRT", "I purchased the shoes since I had the AIR MOTO 7 from the AIR Strong line, which I loved, Prob best running shoes I have had.  I was not able to find the same pair and bought this shoes. I used this shoes to run but have been getting realy bad shin splins.  I run about 3 times a week and after a month I had to stop using them.  I had to purchase another pair of running shoes.Now these shoes are just sitting in my closet.These shoes are okay for walking, but not for running.", "I love this shoe.  It is comfortable and fits well.  I use it as a casual shoe but could easily be used for cross training.  I would buy a half size bigger then you normally wear since Nikes tend to run a little small.", "My first Nike SB Stefan Janoski.This is DOPE! ^_^Loving it every-time I wear it.Head turner.One of the best color-way of Janoski's. Its rare nowadays.", "These shoes are ultra durable and was made for rough skateboarding conditions. Being sponcered by the local skate shop, I needed shoes that could keep up with me. I used these shoes to skate in about 6-8 hours a day and it started to show scuffing weeks into use. The price is hefty but well worth it.I have trusted in NikeSB ever since the Dunk Mid Pro's and you cannot go wrong with them.The have all the Pro's (hence the name) and none of the cons!Super comfortableStylish both skating and chill'nUltra Durable from everything to the laces themselvesPrimo and hard landing protectionA shoe from a well known skate brand, so whatever color you choose, you get the satisfaction that you'll fall in love with these shoes!", "This product is superb Well i'm Very happy with my things. My kids are Very enjoy it them. Oralia mata. Happy day :) you are Very honest in time and price.", "These were a gift for my husband.  He picked them out and is pleased with the shoes.  Ever since my husband discovered the Nike Air he has been sold on the comfort of the shoe.  We both tried Asics gel shoes (on the recommendation of a doctor because my husband was having some foot issues)several years ago and they were the worst shoes we've ever had.  Since then all we ever buy are Nike because they are just so comfortable.  I would like to see more classic designs offered - the spiderman look is a little too much for my taste.", "bought it once and i had it for like 4 months then lost them but they looked awesome and were extremely comfortable", "These shoes are gorgeous!! And, fit true to size! These were a hit with my son who is a Lakers fan. The colors are great", "My son says they are a comfortable shoe for basketball. Plus our whole teams has these shoes and their are 25 kids on our JV team.", "Love them!! Love the color and the durability of this product and would purchase again.  These are actually my third pair of these same shoes, I just wished all my shoes fit like these.", "Provides great ankle support and traction. I would of given a 5* but due to its slightly heaver design, I gave it a 4*. Still a very formidable shoe.", "Es un zapato excelente. Muy liviano y de muy buena calidad. Lo uso todo el dia y luce muy bien con mis jeanes. Realmente recomiendo que lo compren y lo disfruten, como yo lo hago.", "But these pair in a 9 fit a little snug and that is the only reason they got 4.5 from even though I only shows 4 stars. A 1/4 to 1/3 more inch in width in my left shoe (thanks bunion sad face) would have given them the full five stars.", "It's ok not special but solid would not buy again but no complaints either good all around shoe a bit ugly though", "I really loved this shoe but they are a bit uncomfortable when wearing for long on extended periods of time standing up, these shoes are not running shoes, they are way too heavy with no breath-ability! I like how they look though.", "Bought them for my husband. I love them. They look so good. I like the 90s better than the newest ones.", "Product arrived earlier than I had expected, exactly what was shown on the site, I am very happy with this purchase", "These Nike Air Max never arrived. I just found out today 26th January 2012. I am very disappointed. I wanted therefore to give this purchase 0 starts but that wasn't possible. Shame on you Amazon after so many years of exceptional customer service. Also when I looked up complaints on the website I was offered complaints products....", "This product came as expected.  no damage to the box or anything. I love air maxes. The fight was nice and i look forward to buying more nike air maxes", "These are excellent sunglasses for golfing and any other activities. Great price from RBG as well.Good for overcast low light days, really brings out the texture if you will.", "Buen Precio, Entrega Rapida y Producto de Calidad, tienda muy responsable. seria bueno que envien catalagos de otros modelos shoes, para latino america", "The Air Max Hyperdunk is a solid basketball shoe.  It has ankle support, a nice cushion from the 360 air, and a sleek design for superior performance.  I wish it was a tad bit lighter or I would have given it 5 stars.  The removable ankle strap is a nice plus, and the all black design looks great if you have a black uni.  It will take you about 5 uses before the shoe is broken in.  I cannot review on durability issues but with all nike shoes, it's most likely you have about 1-2 basketball seasons before you should be looking for a new shoe.", "Nice shoes. Clean look. Nothing to complain about, if you like the classic look get these. There comfortable and easy to clean.", "This is worth the price. Very very confortable and they look great. I'm not a huge fan of how some other shox models look but this one is really pretty and fits perfectly. I can wear them all day long.", "These shoes work great for what I needed them for. I needed a shoe that would be easy for transferring from a wheelchair.", "It said 9.5 Male but it was really an 8!!! I had to resale and no one wanted to pay the price for this bc it just wouldn't fit anyone. Not even females with a big foot", "My son LOVES these wrestling shoes and they are holding up great  through 3 wrestling matches and practice a week!!!", "delivered one day late for my son's tournament but he won in his old shoes so all is okay. he loves these by the way.", "This is a popular shoe.  Went to the rumble in Utah.  This is a display of many different styles and types of shoe.  I noticed that this shoe is very popular.Everything advertised was delivered and met my expectations.  That is why I gave this 5 stars.  No surprises, I got what I ordered and expected.Thank you.", "I have had a pair of these shoes for one year and only used them in practice (as a coach) and one competition and they are showing some serious wear.The wrestlers I coach have the same shoes (courtesy of our school), which is great, but they don't last much longer than a season.  They also leave me wanting more for ankle support, while it's adequate, I feel that other shoes on the market, particularly the adidas response, can provide stronger support.", "DESPITE THE FACT THESE SNEAKERS ARE A 2010 MODEL, THEY LOOK AND FEEL GREAT. THE MAIN FEATURE IS ITS WEIGHT. THEY ARE REALLY LIGHT........I DEFINITELY ENJOY PLAYING BASKETBALL WITH MY SNEAKERS ON!!!", "My son had his heart set on these sneakers, looked everywhere then found them here and the price was great too! Have had new for several months and I am very happy witht he quality, unlike some other brands, these are holding up beautifully! NIKE fan!", "Yup, the headline says it all. I bought these a month ago, waas kind of skeptical about the color but since it matched my work uniform, I've been turning heads with these babies.Great hike boots, even if it is hike boots, they can be used for work too which I enjoy very much. Fits perfectly and cushions my every step. These are a real keeper!", "This company does not send your items ordered when THEY NOT AMAZON give you an original date of receiving items.  They then change the date of your order to reflect that it was actually ordered later and now after I have cancelled the item with them several times, went ahead and charged my account.  This is against the law and I will make sure this is not done to others.  VERY UNFAIR SELLER !..  They never respond to your Emails.  Never will order through them again.", "My son received these for Christmas (after begging and hinting for months).  He wasn't disappointed.  The shoes are of great quality.  The Nike size chart I printed out was a great help and very accurate.  I would recommend these.", "These sneaks are beautiful!  I love looking at them on my feet.  Used for high intensity aerobic workouts, total comfort and a comfortably wide width.  True to the half size.  The only reason I didn't go five stars is because the top rung on the laces is a little too high up for me.  But, that doesn't bother me enough not to love these shoes!", "This has to be one of my favorite style of Nike shoes.  I've had these shoes for almost a year and I love them, except for I've noticed on the left shoe somewhere in the toe area the material sometimes squeaks.  The squeaking randomly occurs, I noticed the material feels different there than the rest of the shoe and I cannot recall damaging the shoes in anyway that would cause that.  I also don't remember if they were like that from the beginning, but I doubt they were.", "If you are visiting  this page and planning to by Nike 1/2 cent egg plant then probably you should know that this is the place to get maximum discount for this particular product. I waited for more than a month to get more discount on this product but I could not find more than 10%-50% discount for this sneaker anywhere else and then I found this seller and I bought one pair of size 11(D). No comment about sneaker because everybody knows this popular sneaker. so best of luck. I hope you got you had been waiting for.", "Found the LunarGlide 2+ after doing heaps of Internet/ consumer review research. I've been using these as my primary athletic shoe, especially for resistance training, for about 2 months. No complaints: these trainers are great looking and shockingly  comfortable, and are light as a feather. Nice work, Nike.", "I play disc golf professionally so i am constantly looking for the next best hiking/running shoe that is going to be able to keep up with the conditions discgolf brings to shoes. These shoes completely hold up to the constant beating. The toe area is wide, unlike most everything nike makes. They are so warm and comfortable too. 8 hours later of walking all through mountin, hill, flat, wet, cold, whatever terrain, my feet feel amazing as if I haven't been on them all day. The grip on these is amazing. The rubber and fabrics do not tear, or wear. I will be on the search for more of these.", "While the Gore-Tex does it's job of keeping your feet dry, the top two hooks on the boots are not well secured and can come off.  Otherwise, it's a very solidly built shoe.", "Bought these for my husband for Christmas, they're the only winter boot he'll wear except for Sorels when the snow is deep. Nike's are his favorite brand and fit him perfect. He likes the Gore Tex boot so much he asked me to order another pair now since I was having a hard time finding them. He has already worn out quit a few pairs over the past 8 to 9 years and wants to make sure he has a back up pair. He said they are comfortable, keep his feet  dry and warm and have great traction for our winter conditions. It was 10 below zero this morning when he went to work and he was wearing his Nike boots! Thanks for still carrying these boots, I will be placing my order next and hope you still have his size.", "This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my 13 year old cousin. He can only wear all black shoes/sneakers to school so I thought these would be perfect. The item was as advertised & arrived in a timely fashion. The box was a tad beat up but, I was creative during gifting. He normally wears a size 13 but, this sneaker ened up being to big...so I have to return them =^( but the overall quality and value is great. I'm going to try a 12 because for some reason this sneaker swallowed his foot...lol", "I love these shoes... I bought them because Dr. Oz recommended them as favorite things on Oprah. They arrived and fit exactly as I expected. They are supportive and comfortable, but also very light.", "Yes, I had to have them and I have worn them but maybe only once or twice.  They hurt my feet, too narrow", "I purchased these Jordan's to wear to the office. They just made the dress code. Prior to these I was wearing some very uncomfortable shoes(They shall remain nameless). These J's are great because you can rock em with khakis to the office or lounge with em in some jeans. Oh and they are so easy to clean and stay fresh looking despite them going through the turbulent Michigan weather. So if your looking for some comfortable business casual shoes you can't go wrong with this fine product from Jordan brand.", "Like the Air Max 24/7's predecessor, the Air Max Plus, this running shoe offers superb cushioning and an excellent ride. The fit is quite comfortable and one of the best on the market for those that like excellent rebound throughout the entire foot. Despite its merits, however, (and also like its predecessor) the 24/7's durability for outdoor running on asphalt begins to fade at about the 300-mile mark. My current pair developed holes in the outer plastic-like part of the sole on the right shoe (not the left) at about 300 miles, which is entirely disappointing in proportion to the price. Although I bought my pair on sale and did not pay \"list price\", a good pair of running shoes should last closer to 500 miles; I have had earlier versions of the Air Max Plus last that long without encountering the problems that the latest ones have had.Overall, I would recommend this running shoe if you can get it on sale, but not at full price. There are others out there that will offer similar qualities at a lower price.", "It's the first time I use this brand clothes, and I must say it is a very comfortable, lightweight flannel, I recommend this seller.", "Hot to death. I get many compliments on these Nike's!! Wish they came in neon orange or neon pink. Would buy those too", "Good value, holds up well to washing. I love this shirt.  Buy 3 and enjoy for all your indoor and outdoor use.", "I wear theses boots everyday I live in Kansas and we are having really bad snow storms and theses are amazing I even used them at work and there very comfortable I wear a size 12 and the true fit.", "I bought these sneakers for my Godson.  I was happy to see they arrived quickly.  They are a bit narrow so if you have wide feet, make sure you order them in wide.", "At first they were causing a lot of blisters but that is normal for new shoes.  Now that they are broken in she loves them.  The company was kind enough to make sure they arrived before Christmas and that was above and beyond good customer service and I will buy from them again.", "The shoes fit perfect, after a run my feet felt fine with no discomfort at all.  I just became a fan of Air Max", "this shoe is very nice. style is great. the only reason this shoe didnt get a 5 star rating from me is because the sole could be more comfortable other than that a great pair to go out in. i get a lot of compliments", "I have about 55 pairs of sneakers and I love ai force 1s. these make a great addition to my collection", "These shoes were one of the first ones we seen but they were in white and they were BIG KIDS. My son approved of the white ones but they were nowhere to be found.We surfed the web for 3 hours and couldnt find anything find anything acceptable within my budget that met his standards.Two days later I seen there were only 3 pairs of these left so I bought them knowing they could be returned if his majesty did not approve. 3 days later they arrived and my son LOVES THEM!!!!!!!SCORE SCORE SCORE!!!!!", "Bought a pair two years ago, could not resist the opportunity to purchase another pair.  These are some of the best shoes I've ever owned", "It isnt even similar to the photo an it arrived dirty i had to clean it up before use it. Not a good choice", "I wore Nike Shox R4 for over a 1000 miles, the best shoes I ever purchased. Decided to purchased Nike Conundrums and I have been regretting that decision ever since. Initially they caused blisters on my small toes and later on started to give me shin splits and side stitches. The insides of the shoes are rough which gives me abrasions on the top of my feet.DO NOT purchase these shoes, a sheer waste of money. R4s are the best, go for them if  you want to take your running seriously.", "its a good shoe, it can be worn for almost any occasion. its comfortable the only problem I have is that if it spends too much time outside in the rain or snow your feet starts to get wet.", "Looked for this shoe in the store. None of the stores carried this shoe in a half size. I wanted a little more room for my little one. A whole size bigger would have been to big. This half size gives him the comfort he needed. And allows him enough room to put on and pull off with no problem. They also look neat with his uniform on bad weather days.", "THANK GOD Gary Payton decided to Re-Release these... The model is like no other sneaker out there.. While everyone is up jordans butt, These are the greatest alternative option you can pick.. Comfort on your ankles is great. The toe design.. The unzipped design is UNREAL. The monkey paw is the most uniquest, freshest touch they can add..Pros* Extreme comoft. All uppers with strechy material wont crease when worn. only White ones will.* foot stays in place*superior Grip on the court for the ballers*Neck Breakers*un-hyped so easily purchased in stores!Cons*Bulky look when wearing shorts THATS ITTipsWhen wearing them zipped up, dont zip it up all the way, as the zipper can break. so half way torwards the top nike logo and just strap them together using the Velcro.", "Could not find these in the store in this color anywhere! Found them here for a little more $$ but overall worth it because they are exactly what he wanted !", "very good product, unless the specified size is different, I think there are sizes for children and adults, by mistake I did not learn of it", "Hello, the product is very softthe material is very goodthe send on time thanksSee you zoom in another buy", "I loved every thing about these shoes. I even liked the colors white and blue thanks bla bla bla bla", "I bought it, and arrived in good condition with everything I had imagined now just enjoy it, very good. EXELLENT PRODUCT", "These shoes, which I purchased for walking 5-6 miles a day, are a perfect fit and nice leather quality.  I would recommend them and I would purchase them again.", "I love my nike shoes, Just what I was looking for, soft, light and cute. I loved my new nike.", "Great product! Was shipped quickly. Tags are still on it. Can't wait to give it away for a Christmas gift!", "I'm a tennis player who plays three to four times a week and these socks have never let me down. They're absorbent, they're durable and they're comfortable.I will say though, I'm a size 12.5 and I notice no difference in the L and XL sizes.", "These socks were a great buy for my grandson.  I got them at a great price, and received them in plenty of time for Christmas giving.", "I bought these for my son in law as he likes Nike products. It was a gift for him. When these arrived along with several other items I had ordered, the plastic bag they were in inside the shipping box was slightly opened. No big deal, but it allowed me to take them out and check out the quality of the socks. These are no better than the ones I get at Costco in a large package for about 1 third the price. It just seems ridiculous to me that they can charge so much for these just because they have the Nike logo on them. I would never buy these for myself knowing that the quality for the price does not make any sense.", "These socks worked as I was expecting and kept my feet cool and dry when going on long walks or light jogs in hot weather. Haven't worn them through the rain or through a very long run but I assume they will hold up well", "Great sock so far, worn on my last ten workouts and not had an issue. Knocked a star off for cost.", "These socks are very nice & fits great. And got them at a great price. Received them very fast in the mail also.", "The product was cool, good quality and good looking... kind of late cauz they were coming from Hong Kong, what i didn't know but i wish them since i was child, so it doesn't matter, I have seen just one of them around my country Ecuador, so these are gonna be the second ones... I love Jordan shoes..", "Im giving this 5 stars because with Nikes i know they'll last a very long time as compared with Chucks, and because they look awesome and they are comfy most of the time.My only gripe with these shoes is that i got them at my actual size foot, and they squeeze the crap out of my feet(because i have really wide feet, like two iPhone 4s wide feet). Apparently, according to my friend the Nike expert, i needed to order a size up, so that was my fault. I'm trying to break them in and they are squeezing my feet less, as i do wear them more and break in.In other words, good shoes, but to avoid foot problems(if you have wide feet as i do), order a size up, because these red radiant babies are too awesome to pass up.", "Excellent product, this was just what I expected, the model is very good shoe, shoes are very comfortable and look great on your feet", "My son wears size 10/11 tennis shoes so I ordered a 12 knowing they run small.  To my dismay, they were so small I could barely squeeze his foot into them.  Needless to say they will be returned. Quality if manufacturing otherwise seemed fine in comparison to another brand we already had...", "My boys wear a 2.5 an a 2.  I read these run small so ordered a 4 and a 3.  I wish I had just ordered the 4s for both boys.  These run about 1.5 - 2 sizes small.  Other than that the quality seems good.  Will order these again", "These shoes were very good looking and nice, but they were AT LEAST 2 sizes smaller than marked, and apparently I am not the only one who says this. Who knew to check reviews for a pair of Nikes. Seller makes you pay for both shipping and return shipping charges as well!! Not cool! I measured the shoes on the inside with a measuring tape. MENS Size 10.5 measured 8.5 on the inside. Rediculous.  DONT EVEN BOTHER.", "This score was chosen for &#34;love&#34; as the color of the product along with its quality make the vendor is qualified in such manner. I recommended to my niece buy a model nike5 gato and hopefully soon will enter. thanks", "I'm a huge fan if Nike shoes as they work great for me in running shoes.  First pair of soccer shoes I've ever owned by them and they seem to almost be cut a little smaller than your actual shoe size.  I will admit that they fit very snug.  Not sure if anyone else has these issues with them if I were to reorder I'd go up by at least a half size.  I am aware that with soccer shoes you do not really want play, but at the same time should feel as though you're wearing a turn-a-kit on your foot.", "los zapatos son para mi papa y ella quedo encanto con el modelo me dijo que era justo lo que estaba buscando", "sencillos, bonitos, casi nadie los tiene y me parece hasta ahora lo mejor que ha sacado la marca en cuando a zapatos de futsal", "I ordered an 11 because of other reviews.  I wear a 10.5 and these were still narrow on my feet.", "People, order a half larger...maybe a full size!!!I had to pay for shipping for a full refund...My size is 7 and i ordered my size!but it's toooooo small...hate when that happensWhy you, Foot Path, can not inform customers about size problem???", "i tried these shoes out to just kick around town and i love them!!  i have bought 3 pair since!", "The present right shoe fabric seam failure, should verify the product well before we dispatch it as difficult to make the change or claim, the product arrived in Venezuela and we get more expensive to send it for replacement, thank take advice to not lose customers because we trust amazon.", "These shoes are very light and comfortable. They breath even though they leather. Very classy looking too. They are tough too, I use them for all kinds of activities from soccer to hiking.", "Very durable. I'm normally a size 8 in women's and purchased a size 6 kids and they fit perfectly. When laced all the way up, the laces are actually not long enough to be tied together and I had to purchase new laces. They're very comfortable and great for snow and rain without compromising style.", "Quality boot my son can abuse in the elements. I would buy another and the price was a little high as the only downside.", "These boots are awesome. They have literally got me through this CRAZY winter in Chicago. I love them. Perfect for the snow and cold although I wear multiple socks any way. I'm a women's size 8 and I got a boys size 6 they for perfectly.", "Did anyone notice they mention FEET in the product description?  - \"Nike Dri-FIT fabric wicks away moisture to help keep feet dry and comfortable\".This is a jacket, right?", "I probably have 50 pairs of tennis shoes and these are probably the sharpest ones I have. I haven't worn them enough to give a rating as to their performance ability, but solely on looks, they are out of this world! Nike out did themselves with this shoe!", "These Nike Air Pegasus 25 shoes are difficult to find (especially in orange and white).  My husband loves this shoe, so I was trying to find another pair.  I had to settle for this color, but was very happy that the seller had lots of great, detailed pictures so I could determine that it's the same shoe my husband likes, only a different color.  They arrived quickly and brand new in the box just as the seller described.  I would definitely buy from this seller again.  These shoes are being phased out, so I may buy another pair until we find another shoe that he likes just as much.  They're great for playing tennis on hard courts.", "I got this sneaker as a Christmas gift for my 11 year old nephew. It was wonderful to see his face light up. The item was as advertised. Arrived in a timely fashion. Packaging was not beat up so I didn't need a seperate box for gifting. The sneakers fit well & my nephew says they are rather comfortable.", "at this price i was extremely happy with my purchase.  my 13 yr old loved the shoes.  they are difficult to find in local stores", "I feel cheated, stolen by these people buy shoes in January and to date I have given them or the money refunded. I have been in contact with them and I do not give immediate response to the problem I need help do not know how people can be so corrupt", "These shoes are terribly uncomfortable when crouching. Raising up on your toes causes a bend right near the top of your foot near the little toe that is borderline painful. This makes them useless as cross trainers, as doing lower body exercises that require a weight shift to the front half of the foot creates pinching that is totally unreasonable. Nike should never have released these shoes to market with this major issue.", "Great shoe. Kobe makes the best basketball shoe out there hands down. Light, durable, control, and grip. What more could you ask for? The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I did get a blister on the back of my ankle playing basketball. Because these are low cut shoes the back of your ankle isn't protected that much. But that was because I tape my own ankles so I should have given this shoe 5 stars!", "excellent shoes, very comfortables,  very cheap besides excellent quality.recommend these shoes.I was very pleased with this item.recommended", "My husband likes it very much. It fits well and feels soft.  He wears it all the time. It is just a bit expensive.", "Size was perfect, very comfortable. I was concerned about welded area that keeps it on your foot. I thought it looked cheap and would rip as soon as it hung on something. I'm very pleased to say they have had the back side get caught by other people stepping on it and it has held up very nicely.", "comfortable , brilliant orange, you can spot them a mile away,  use them as a spot marker on the beach, you will always know where they are", "No idea why but it seems people who designed it never wore it. This thing has ribs that dig into your soles that it can be painful. I have restricted to post shower wearing only. I had hoped to make it my default for the apartment but the ribs are too sharp for comfort.", "The most comfortable sandals I've ever purchased. The cushion is amazing and it really takes any pain away from the knees and feet", "my husband love the slides and they are very comfy,we have told friends and family about this site,and we will order here again.", "These sandals look really nice, feel good, but my foot can't fit all the way inside, the part with the nike sign on it is just to low and squeezes my foot, gets really annoying.", "These Nikes are very comfortable. They need some time to great broken in to, but after that they feel Walking outside is also comfortable.", "These sandals have a soft, cushioned sole that makes them awesome. They are so much better than my old un-cushioned sandals. Definitely recommend these.", "Not as comfortable as I thought it would be.  Plus the portion that goes over your feet not one solid piece.  As a result, you can feel the difference in texture between the leather exterior and the yellow cushion interior.  I hope that makes sense.  I'm not too keen on this item.", "I love to wear slides ... At first just for slippers around the house ... and I got these for just that reason.  But they are so comfortable and have such a nice supporting footbed that I ordered another pair to wear in warm weather outdoors. I ordered these 1 size larger than I usually would expecting them to run a bit small. They are slightly long but feel very comfortable so the second pair I ordered is a size 13 and in a sportier color combination with a visible swoosh. I look forward to sporting about in them this summer.", "I purchased this slide-in Nike Benassi last year for my son who plays sports and I wanted a comfortable show for him to slide on in between his games. This shoe has endured a young active teenager and still offers the same comfort as it did when we first purchased it. The shoe provides a soft yet supportive bottom, I sometimes find myself slipping into them when we're at home they are that comfortable. I highly recommend this for any sport players. It will help relax the foot after any game!Sports Mom!", "These sandals are super comfortable! The sandals have these ridges that are horizontal on the area your foot would typically be on to relieve pressure. I enjoy how light they are and their durability. I ready to get me another fresh pair. You should too!Thank you!", "great and soft. the downside is that i do use it to shower as well but with the cushion stays wet and cold.", "I loved getting these, but I sprained my ankle in them playing hoops quite often and then finally leading me to dislocated my ankle.  They're good, just not for hoops, didn't have enough ankle support for me.", "We are unable to find such LARGE shoes in most shoe stores.  This was the perfect place for us to purchase what we needed.", "My son loves his shoes. They are light and easy for him to maneuver in. An added bonus is that they match school colors!", "i just bought these sneakers because my 13 yr old son loves AIR GRIFFEY Sneakers.. He was so happy.. Thanx", "These shoes are very narrow. I normally wear a boys 5.5 which I bought. They were way too small. So I ordered a size 6, which was too long but too narrow, and I am a woman with feet nowhere near as wide as most boys.  These shoes are just not made right.", "My son received 3 pairs of sneakers for Christmas and yold me these were his favorite ones!  They are very nice and comfortable.", "My son loves them they fit perfect color is on point i really enjoyed ordering my kids shoes through Amazon thanks", "Eye catching watch.  My friend in Thailand loves it and gets lots of compliments when he wears it. This is a popular brand there", "Just recieved the package when I open the box, the product that was inside was not the Nike Triax watchvery so frustrating.Romeo D.", "The shoes seem alittle tighter than other shox that I have purchased(6 pair), the grips on the bottom are already worn excesivelly and I have worn them 5 time, not the best quality that I have had in the past with the shox.", "Has a real tight and snug fit. No room at all. Had to really struggle to put on and take off.", "These are the highest quality tennis shoes I have owned since my AirMax 2009s.Exquisite ankle support for sneakers.I cross shopped the AirMax 90s but am glad I decided on these.Even the laces are higher quality than any other shoes I own. They don't slip. Ever.The fit is true to size.", "I would give zero stars if possible. The complete wrong shoe was sent. When  I tried to reorder the shoe, it was not available anymore.", "These shoes feel just great.  You can walk for miles in them.  The merchant ships so fast and item came in its original box.I am delighted with the professional order execution, and the shoes are really neat.", "Amazing shoes I was blown way at how good they felt when I run or just walk around. God bless nike", "The Air Max to me is a perfect blend between air force ones and running shoes, which make them perfect for everyday wear. I would like to see more Air Max 1 but in colors which are less flashy.", "I simply love this pair. I have the sonic yellow/grey colorway and I love the fit and classy style. When I saw this at amazon and they have the same size 7, no second thoughts. Just grabbed it and  I immediately wore it upon receiving it. Understated Class and Sophisticated look. I love it too bits.", "I love these shoes they are so comfortable, I use them more on the casual side. I bit tight, but hey I can't complain.", "Air penny's old skull! I had a pair when I was a freashmen in high school IWas 14 when I had my last pair. I love theses shoes. Authentic real Nike! I love them", "The air bubles on one of the shoes popped which made wearing them feel really weird so I popped the other side and know anytime I wear them over 2 hours my lower back really hurts so I dont wear them as often as I had hoped I woudl when I first purchased them. Other than that its a very attractive shoe, but that doesnt do much good once the bubbles pop.If I would have brought directly from Nike I could have exchanged them due to the popped air bubble but because I brought them here that same guarentee doesnt come into play.", "these shoes are very good and not so common are the only bad thing that I find are not very durable leather but have more than one year with me recommend them", "These are a great Nike sneaker. It has a nice retro look, and fit exactly to your feet. I bought these on Ebay for 60$, great. They fit so nicely, I am wearing them in the library to study haha. A good purchase, I recommend the kicks to anyone.", "The shoes are amazing. They are very comfortable and supportive. The colors are exactly as i wanted them to be. The only critique that i have really is that the shoes look better with navy blue laces instead of the white ones they came with.", "They came nicely packaged with the typical Nike shoe box,the description tag was ripped for some reason,but that caused no problems. Great shoes, I love them,don't even want to wear them! Because then they won't be new anymore lol", "I bought these shoes as a gift for my fiance and they are very sharp looking, but very narrow. Do not buy if you have narros feet!", "These shoes are amazing! Feels like running on pillows.. The only problem is they only last a few months if your running a few days a week.", "excellent running shoes. even for big people like me you feel totally fine excesizing. they are very light to carry", "I work at a child development center and I'm constantly on my feet with the kids. I decided to buy these sneakers for work and I love them!!!!! I bought them and got them two days later, so great shipping! Shoes are totally worth the price!!!!", "I bought these for Body Combat (mixed martial arts-type class) at Gold's Gym.  I like that they are very light weight, with just a little support so they don't seem too flimsy.  I can't run much in these outside, since I need a high stability/motion control shoe to correct over pronation (flat feet - ankles rolling in).  But I love them for looks, gym use & group classes at Gold's Gym.  I also ran one of my fastest 10k times in them in recent years, just since they are so light.  So I wouldn't train on long runs (3 times a week), but I like them for race day.  At the time I bought them they seemed a bit pricey ($100) for the material, but I guess you're paying for the name & design as well. I think they have come down in price now, since there are so many similar shoes by Nike & everyone else.", "The shoes look great and gives you a spring in your step. it is definately authentic. im hoping they perform well when i start running again. but i am dissapointed that i didnt just go directly to sneakerdoctor.com and order it because it was cheaper and free shipping.", "The shoe came promptly and fits me like a glove.  Also, has a lot of stability for someone wearing orthotics.", "Ordered this shoe right before Christmas and not only was it delivered quickly (within 3 business days) it looks great, fits true to size and is quite comfortable. I may buy this shoe in another color.", "My 9 year old son loves these Nike Blazers I purchased for him! He pretty much wears them every day.", "I bought these shoes a couple of weeks ago to use them for track and cross country. I run 5 miles 3-4 times a week. When I first ran in these shoes, I loved them. They are very light weight and easy to run in, but after about two weeks, I started having major pain in my arches during a run. These shoes have no arch support, so after a little bit of running in them, your arches will start to hurt. These shoes are good for a person with flat feet or for just hanging out, but I would not recommend them to anyone else.", "as to the person that said they have no arch support they are made to be like running barefoot. it takes a while to get used to them.they are a really great shoe and would recommend them for anyone. they will help your feet and make you run correctly. that is midfoot strike and onto your toes. heel first is bad.", "I'm a relatively heavy runner, weighing 207 lbs, and I overpronate on my right foot more than my left. I've stayed away from Nike for years in favor of Mizuno and New Balance stability shoes. However, when I needed a new pair of shoes and tried these, I was immediately impressed with the exceptional pronation control as well as a wide toe box, a rarity for Nike. Now, I'm 75 miles of road and track running into this pair, and I couldn't be happier - neither could my ankles or knees. Plus, they still look new.Coupled with my iPod Nano and a Nike+ sensor, these have proven to be an indispensable part of my training equipment. I'm putting about 10 miles a week on them, and they still feel new. I'm sold.Now I can't wait to try out the Lunar Glide series...", "My son love em fits well its just as shown on website. But the black is a little duller. Sued", "Shoes are really good, it has good cuality, i recomend it 100%, for walking or do exersise. All good and feels nice.", "These shoes are very comfortable, bought them for my sons 18th birthday. He absolutely thinks these are the best shoes around.", "Bought these for my husband for Christmas. He loves them - apparently these shoes are also featured on NBA 2K11 for 360.", "Awesome hackaround tennis shoe boot. Cleans up well and water retardent. Nice reflective stitching for walking, hiking, or making right turns into traffic.", "Nike has always been true to size... the shox are awesome.  I want a pair in every style and color. lol", "This shoe runs really small. I ordered a 7 which is my usual size and it was considerably too small. I returned it for the size 8 which fits ok.", "I bought these for my son for his birthday.  He said they fit him well.  I'm giving it 5 stars because they look pretty and they fit him comfortably.  As far as them being good for basketball, that I don't know.", "Nobody at my school got thesemugs.They comfortable and soft. Myy feet stay warm and the arch suport is awesome. Would recommend.", "These shoes are great, but they are greyish/blue, and I thought that they are white (they look like white leather in the picture), so I am returning them because I already own brown model.Leather is of great quality.", "The style fit and comfort of this shoe is awesome.  Got the p rod 6 and actually like the 2.5 better. Get them while you still can", "Well constructed and of top-notch quality, this shoe can handle most situations from skateboarding, biking, light running and, let's not forget, just plain lookin' cool. They are comfortable and size is spot on with others.", "This is one of my favorite shoes right now, but for future purchasers or for people who are considering this shoe make sure you half size up because this shoe runs small. On another not this shoe is delivered to your doorstep, so make sure you're there to pick them up. I made that mistake, but got them the next day though. The shipping was a little ehh but the wait was worth it.", "My nephew asked for these skateboard sneakers for Christmas.  He is rough on sneakers and they usually need replacing every couple of months.  They are well made, durable and nice looking and are still holding up well!", "The look, the feel, the quality is top notch, I just found that it's a little stiff, maybe I need to use it more and more and more to make it a little softer. I usually wear vans and british knight slip on shoes, I just like this one but as I've said need to break in more. True to size. would not hurt if you will add a half more in size, better bigger than receiving a small shoes.", "Bought these shoes for my son, reluctantly at $80+.  He claimed they were the best &#34;skateboarding&#34; shoe, &#34;they grip the skateboard, etc.&#34;  They lasted about 3 months.  Now they have a hole in the sole and holes along many of the top seams.  They might be cool, but they are only cool for a couple of months.  They don't last.  I would rather buy 2 $40 pair of &#34;good&#34; shoes and have him get longer use out of them.  I don't recommend these shoes at all.", "This was another gift for my son (skateboard nut)...and he absolutely loves these!  They are great quality and are very sharp looking - especially with jeans. May run a little but small so you may want to go up a half size if possible.", "These indoors shoes never fit right from the time I got them.  They were uncomfortable and rubbed my arch way too much.  I have since gotten a new pair of Nike Elastico Finale 2's, and am loving the switch.", "Good shoe for the money. So far I got three hours of indoor soccer on them in the gym and they have been great", "One of my favorite pair of Nike sneakers I own!  I still wear them over a year later and get tons of compliments on them!  A one of a kind Nike find!!", "The fit, material and look of these socks are excellent. The only reason I give them 4 stars is because grass and other debris from the course gets stuck in the sock and doesn't even come out in the wash.  Still my favorite golf socks by far.", "Hmmm, when I got these they were a small fit on my USA sized11 foot.  In addition the material is very slippery.  I suggest washingthem--but, don't dry them or you'll kill the material--a couple times.", "Wish they were made here.... Otherwise I would say they were great but instead they are just what I call nice.", "This was a mistake for me. I wear size 12 socks and these slid down at the heel. I gave them to my wife and they are okay for her.", "I am very pleased, it is just what I expected.  My daughter had these shoes before but they were lost in a fire.  We saw these online and I decided to order them.  The product is exactley the same as if I bought them from the mall.  The delivery was on time, I am very pleased.", "She and her parents loved it!  Good quality and fits well. They will do well on the days  she doesn't need her snow boots !", "My son loves these shoes! What a great investment for a 12 yera old! We will buy this style again", "My wife bought it and it's so comfortable and fresh. In fact, she's going to buy another one right away.", "It was what my son wanted. The price was what I wanted to pay and we are very happy with it.", "Fast shipping and items were at an affordable price. I would say they are very durable because i have had them for about half a year", "These are really cool shoes. I have to say, but to be honest, the insole makes mine feet hurt and that's the most disappointing detail.  Changing the insole will cost extra money, so I really don't know what to do with it.", "Love these shoes - bought a 2d pair in this color and the same style in another color too!!  Will be watching for good deals on additional colors.", "This is one shoe which is NOT overbuilt (a problem with so many athletic shoes).  It is lightweight, very flexible and a low heel profile.  I can actually feel the surface I am on.  These qualities are very important to me especially for playing tennis, race walking and balance.  Stiff, thick-soled shoes undermine the body's ability to sense 'changes' in surfaces, among other things and is not a good situation for maintaining one's balance.", "This is the second pair I have bought to wear to work where I walk at least 10 miles a day.  Great shoe!", "It is better than it looks in the picture. I had a white/blue AF1, but my friend said this was much better.", "These shoes were purchased for my son as a gift.  They were exactly what he wanted and were in the original box in great condition.  The only suggestion that I have for the seller is that it did not say that it was an ADULT size 11.  I was worried that this may have been a children's shoe.  Other sellers were very specific to note ADULT or CHILD.  Please add this to your postings so the buyer doesn't have to worry!  Of course, it all turned out well. It was an adult shoe and that is what I wanted.", "I enjoyed my shoes, shod me wonder, come back soon to enter the site for buying new. I'm so happy", "Very comfortable shoes.....as I play golf 3/4 times a weeK, it is important to have comfortable shoes, and these are among my favorites", "I've had these shoes for two months and I wear them around the house, to work and to the gym, and they've held up great!", "I don't like to shop so ordering online makes it easier. It turned out that these shoes were too small so I had to order a larger size (which were perfect). Size numbers between manufacturers varies greatly so make sure you know your size for that manufacturer.", "I purchased this shoe a couple months ago thinking Nike (Air) is a great brand and I can't go wrong. I chose this over Rockports, Sketchers, and some others. I work as a bellman and am on my feet for 8++ hours a day 40+ hours a week. Within a week the shoes started squeaking every time I took a step. I thought I could ignore this but it got worse and really annoying. Two weeks into these shoes the inside seam, on the (outside) side of the heel, started coming apart and grinding into my skin resulting in blisters, sore feet, and calluses. I was waking up the next mornings with sore feet, felt like stumps. The soles were wearing out fast and the shoes don't breath well either. I paid $60 for this torture! I just purchased some Rockports for $60, I heard they are the way to go. I will let you know...", "My Dad has been wearing this style shoe for years. He'll go through a pair a year putting some serious wear on them before needing new ones. I can't find them in shoe stores anymore so fortunately they are availible here.", "They are great for refereeing, they are high enough to keep your feet dry even in wet grass and offer great support while still being light for running up and down the field.", "product squeeks when walking and shoe hurts my feet i wore them for a month just to see if they would get any better and they just got worse. do not buy!!", "These are very supportive. I have gotten many compliments on how they look too. They haven't started to squeak for me like others have mentioned", "#3 was the charm for me. I had tried two different brands before I finally found these Nike that fit me to a T.  I have had issues with shoes for the last few years and it's getting on my nerves. It shouldn't be this hard to find something I like, but it has become that. I get mens' shoes because I have wide and flat feet. Most womens' shoes are very uncomfortable, they feel like a vice on my feet. And I'm not going to put up with that. I don't know what's wrong with designers & clothiers these days, but they are sure making crap. Those of us who can't afford a new wardrobe every season need to revolt. Clothing should fit the person, not the person fit the clothes. I'm not ashamed of my size. And I don't know why EVERYONE is trying to make me feel bad. I will go to Nike from now on.", "This pair walks 2 miles a day, five days a week on concrete and are not wore out. All other brands lasted 5 months. My feet have large arches and no pain after 11 months. Leather is not torn and soles have tread. Add $8 inserts and you have the best. Thanks Nike.", "After searching online and in stores for this Particular NIKE Tennis Shoe, I came to AMAZON and Searched for it. It is The ONLY Style of NIKE that my Husband will wear so I was THRILLED to find that Amazon not only had this Style, but that they were also OVER $15.00 LESS than Most other online stores AND Department stores that I went to Sell them for!! YAY for AMAZON!!  Don't hesitate buying on AMAZON for Name Brand Merchandise.....It IS the &#34;REAL&#34; Deal!!!!", "My husband works at a job where he's standing all day long. These shoes have been very reliably comfortable for him, and he has them in white as well. This is his fourth pair, at least.", "Looks on the large size, but is actually lighter tha it looks...i use these shoes for riding myelectric bike and the usage is perfect...i had struggled to find the perfect shoe and i thinki found it...", "For the second time in the last year I have had UPS deliver a package to the wrong address.  In both cases the items were properly addressed and labelled. but for reasons known only to the driver, the deliveries were made to houses down the street.  In the first case the house was obviouly vacant but under renovation.  The only reason I actually got the item was that I saw a box looking like the one I was expecting, fortunately a little outside the ordinary, and went up to check the label just as one of the workman came out and spotted the delivery.  I was able to claim the item based on my name and address, and while I would like to think that the individual would have gotten it to me anyway, who knows.  With this latest item, I was fortunate that the delivery went to a friends house across the street and down the block.  As soon as she saw my name and address she gave me a call and I was able to go over and pick it up. I don't know what is going on with UPS, but it makes me very vigilant if they are supposed to be delivering anything to me and I will not ship with them at this time.", "eleqi esa calificaci&oacute;n porque el producto es muy bueno, el acabado del zapato es muy bonito, 100% original y se le recomiendo a todas las personas para los trotes y actividades deportivas", "I am using for walking to and from work. Excellent shoes, very confortable. Very nice design. After a week of using it I have not heard any strange noise.", "I bought these shoes for something comfortable to wear while walking on concrete all day at work.  These shoes are very comfortable but after a week started squeeking very loudly.  I pulled out the liner and sprinkled the inside of the shoe with baby powder, put the liner back in and that fixed the squeek.  The blue sole stains the inside edge of the oposing shoe if it rubs it.  I have had these shoes for less than 6 months and the sole of the left shoe is coming off.  I am going to buy another pair and if they don't last at least a year I am done with Nike.  Ok, the next pair I bought lasted 4 months before the upper started ripping away from the sole on both shoes.  If you didn't buy the shoes from an authorized Nike dealer there is no warranty. I'm done with Nike shoes.", "It was the sneaker specified, everything was fine, I bought them at Amazon before. But the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because one (left) squeaked! I hope when I start wearing them when it warms up they don't. I know I could have returned them, but....", "This is a good shoe.  I use these for general, everyday getting around.  They are my main shoes to wear to work, to go out socially and for hikes and pretty much everything else.  The laces loosen up nicely to let the tongue loosen way up around my high arches and the width is plenty sufficient for the wide area around the ball of my foot.  I recently bought one pair to test them out as they looked a bit different than the similar but not exact same Nike shoe I have been wearing for a few years.  After break in, they are excellent so I bought a second pair in order to give each pair time to breathe or to be washed while the other pair is in use.  Need we say Nike quality is always excellent.", "Very nice my shoes&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl; Thanks a lot&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl; I really like my shoes. It fits perfect&iexcl;&iexcl;The color is very nice.", "Love these shoes, I've been buying the model of shoe for 15 years.....comfortable, wears well, great for walking or running.", "I bought these for my dad for Xmas, he was the most excited on Xmas day, he tried them and they were a perfect fit.", "Can't find a better all around shoe of this type, at any price! Vendor provided 100% satisfactory service. Shipped on time.", "I love these shoes in terms of looks, comfort and price.  The dealbreaker for me is the incessant squeaking that happens within days of purchase.  There are numerous reports online, as well as videos on YouTube, that detail this issue.  Putting baby powder underneath the insole is supposed to mitigate the problem but getting the glued-down insole out of the shoe without tearing it is an adventure unto itself.I've gone through three pairs in 18 months and while the look and feel of the shoe was fine when I moved to a new pair the noise they generate is unbearable ... enough for strangers to comment on it while you're walking around.", "The shoes are comfortable to wear when I walk to and from work, as well as at work all day. But there is a Loud and very obnoxious squeak that emanates from the shoe. It started about a week or two after I bought them, and it happens on every step, regardless of how hard/soft I tread, and it happens on all surfaces.The squeak is so bad, I just take them off at work and leave them off as long as I can. Even though they are comfortable, I would never, ever, buy these again. The noise is just unbearable. So much so, that I can only give it one star. For perspective, my friend told me He can hear the squeak from almost 50 feet away down the hall...", "Again, I was dinged for a restocking/return fee because I trusted that the feet would fit into this shoe.Rather than to alter the size of the feet, I opted to return these shoes.Amazon should perhaps quit selling things that don't fit or be a little more forgiving on returns of merchandise that is of no use to the customer.", "My husband loves these shoes! He has such a big foot that it is hard to get decent shoes. These shoes are fab!", "Developed a very annoying squeak.  Apparently this is not an isolated incident as many others report the same problem. Don't buy this shoe if you expect it to be quiet...", "These are soo comfortable.I highly recommend them.If you wear a 10.5 order these in an 11.Perfect fit.", "Good padding, very light weight, though it has odd tail but like looped tab at its tail to slip on.", "This was a gift for my husband and he loves them. You can't beat the quality of Nike and the price was reasonable.", "I bought these shoes 6 months ago, and they developed a very loud squeek pretty quick.  In both shoes.  On every surface.  On every step.  Are they comfortable?...yes.  Is the squeek loud and annoying?  Absolutely.  If I could review these and give them 0 stars, I would.  Stay away from these, they are garbage.Edit - a follow up. I contacted Nike, and they said they were \"unaware\" of this problem with this model of their shoe.  BUT they told me I could take the insert out and sprinkle baby powder onto the canvas part inside the shoe.  So I did.  And guess what, the shoes stopped the squeeking.  Even though they claimed no knowledge of the problem, they immediately had the solution.  My B.S. meter is pegged.  So if you like squeeky shoes, buy these, and then use the solution that Nike had for a problem they were unaware of.", "It fits my foot very well and provides excellent support! I hope that they continue to make this shoe and in more colors!", "I have been wearing Nike Monarchs for years and I love them. Nice roomy fit and very comfortable. I hope Nike sells them forever.", "it was a nice shoe, to be a nike product i was expected so much more, this is just a shoe", "I have owned 3 pair of earlier Air Monarch models which were absolutely wonderful. This pair however has not lived up to the same expectations. I purchased these exclusively to wear at work(hospital). After a little over one month all of the air has completely gone out the air chamber and now they really hurt my feet while wearing them even after adding gel insoles. This is horrible. I would like to return them but present time is past the return window.", "Excellent and fast service.-Very good product.-I recomend to buy it. It's a comfortable sport shoes.-My husband wears it the entire day", "This product is a good fit and very comfortable, so much that I ordered my other son the same shoes.", "They are nice and quite fashionable but they are hard and not so flexible. I'm afraid its sole will damage in a few rounds. Neverthless, by now, I feel happy with them.", "I've been wearing Air Monarchs for years.  They are great shoes!  I usually have purchase them at a local sporting goods store but they were out of size 11 so thought I try Amazon.  Unfortunately, They are SMALLER than the size 11 Air Monarchs that I've been wearing.  I'm going to try to return them if I can.  Very Disappointed", "buenas tarde el articulo esta estupendo la c&aacute;lida muy buena el color es tal cual como aparece en la publicaci&oacute;n lo recomiendo", "In the past I've bought less expensive sneakers at Sam's Club or WalMart but  they were not very comfortable nor did they last very long...This time I wanted something a lot better. I have two two bad knees that need replacing and wanted to ease the pain of walking.So although I've never had a pair of Nike Air Monarchs, I ordered them in hopes of getting a decent shoe that would make my walking easier.It was a good decision on my part. With basic standard shipping, the Nikes arrived quickly in just several days. The fit and comfort perfect. I gave these a five star rating for quality, looks, comfort. I'll do it again when I need them.", "Los zapatos son muy buenos, son c&oacute;modos y confortables, sin embargo se pelaron un poquito por la punta como a la segunda semana de estar us&aacute;ndolos porque los limpi&eacute; con una esponja de lavar platos, eso no debi&oacute; haber pasado.", "todo suuuuuuuper bien rapido y bellos ademas  q estaban en muyyy buen estados los zapatos los recomiendo como vendedores soy de venezuela", "Very comfortable shoes with great arch support. These are more comfortable than many of the more expensive Nikes out there and have lots of cusion to them.Well, update. After three to four weeks they developed an annoying squeak as some other reviewers have experienced. Will not buy any more of these!", "These are the shoes my husband keeps having me order. He loves the look, the fit, and the comfort. Great shoes.", "Compared to the discontinued Air Definitions, these Air Monarchs are like wood shoes!  I feel what I can only describe as walking with a rail under my arches.  I contact Nike, who responded very quickly, but sadly told me they would not be making Air Definitions...  I know a great deal of people my age (50+) who wore Air Definitions.  If anyone knows a good Nike Air cross-training, please let me know.  All I wear are Nikes, but just moved to a NB 608 v3", "smallest 14 i have ever worn..... will try to break in..... these must not be original nikes although look it...i have bought monarchs before, the shoe tongue is smaller on this pair from amazon dealer..... makes it difficult to put shoe on..... really a tight D....... will say,  WOW, a a packing job for shoes.... a BOx in a BOX with bubbles... the packing job was indestructable.... please buy your shoes at a store.... hope you don't have a wierd 13 1/2 shoe size like me when you have to buy 14s to shrink down..... these were already shrunk for a new labled 14....have the old 14 monarch as well an still plenty of room in that one...", "sneaker squeaked, cut out the insole with directions I found on youtube, shoes are now perfect. good good good good", "Nice fit, nice look.  This was my second pair of Monarch's.  Sadly, this pair is a dud.  They squeak and creak terribly. It's obviously a mfg defect. Nike customer service wont' replace them because they were manufactured three days past their guidelines date.  So much for real customer service, Nike.  BAD, BAD, BAD.(guess you can tell I am not a happy customer.  Next time I buy Adidas or Reabok!)", "I bought this for my uncle who has really bad gout and his foot swells as a result. It fits him well and he loves his Nike brand shoes. I got the expediated shipping and I tell you this thing comes fast. Ordered on Monday early morning (1 AM) and go to my front door on Wednesday afternoon. CRAZY as I live in Cali and it's coming in from Georgia. A great deal cheaper than zappos if you want it to ship that fast. As for comfort, these shoes have a flatter footbed so it's great for his swollen feet that no longer has much of an arch. And they are quite springy when i shoved my hands in there trying to get a feel for the footbed. Great buy and although pricey, not many brands have a 4E size so it's worth it if it makes my uncle work on his feet all day in comfort.", "About 10 years ago I started using New Balance sneakers which used to be very thick, durable and strong. However, New Balance have gotten cheaper and cheaper with each new model. The company (New Balance) has cut corners to save money. By doing so they have officially lost business with me and countless other former customers. Along comes Nike to the rescue.I first saw Nike Mens Air Monarch IV in a local store and was very impressed. This sneaker is very thick and strong which is necessary if you play sports or walk long distances. The Nike shoe is made like the old New Balance about 10 years ago. The top, bottom and inside is very thick and strong as it should be.I've used this Nike brand 6 times so far for working out (about 45 minutes to an hour each time). So far they look and feel great. I didn't hear any squeaking as mentioned by other reviewers. The first use did feel snug or a bit tight. After that it just felt comfortable. That, to me, is a sign of a good well fitting sneaker. Another great thing is that they were almost $10 cheaper than in the local store. I would definitely buy these again in the future.", "Bought a pair of Air Monarchs in white and navy blue at a local shoe store instead of Amazon, but wanted to write a review. They're size 10.5 4E. This is a very solid shoe and they fit well. I used them last night for the first time playing volleyball after walking to the recreation center in Converse All Stars. Chucks are awesome, but I definitely felt the difference. Good cushioning in the sole of the shoe, but very stable. Highly recommended.", "AFTER A PERIOD OF NOT EVEN A  MONTH.  IF YOU CAN GET PASS THE SQUEAKING NOISES WITH EACH STEP THEN THIS SHOE MAY BE FOR YOU,  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT THOUGH.", "after buying Nike Monarch for the past ten years I am looking for a replacement brand. The last two pairs developed an anoyingsqueak even on carpet.You cannot call this pair sneakers because they will hear you 30 feet away.", "The prior Nike Air Trainers were more flexible and to my feet generally more comfortable.  Perhaps these will be better with wear.  I have not noticed the squeak some people have complained of, perhaps Nile cured that.", "These Nikes were not the same quality as I get in retail stores.  The shoes are the size he always wears but this pair didn't fit.", "bought for brother who works in fast food and who is on their feet all daygreat support,great fithe really likes them", "Size 13 wide, sensitive arch. I walk 4 - 5 miles a day and the shoes are very comfortable.  I have been wearing Nike Air Monarchs for two weeks and my right cross trainer starting squeaking.  I previously read to take out the insole and put baby powder in the sneaker then put the insole back in. This worked for me. My shoes do not squeak anymore.", "Pros:  Most comfortable shoe I've ever put on my feet.  They're really soft and squishy.  This is compared to a typical men's New Balance walking/cross trainer shoe.  They look great.Cons:  These shoes wear out quickly, i.e. &#60; 1 year.  The tread on the bottom wears down very quickly until you've got &#34;slicks.&#34;They also squeak - badly.  I bought two pairs over the course of two years and, yep, the squeak is still there.  You'd think that Nike would try to fix this problem, however, I don't care because they're so comfortable.I will buy them again.", "A truly good quality cross training shoe, very comfortable and lightweight and much better than the New Balance ones that I bought a few weeks earlier.", "Son elegantes me quedan muy bien, camino muy bien con ellos, no me molestan , como otros zapatos deportivoas se adpatan muy bien a la forma de mi pie", "These are perfect &#34;in the gym&#34; shoes.  I get the suport and traction I need in a lite, easy to wear shoe.", "I ordered this shoe in a size 11. The shoe I received was labled size 11, but I could just get my foot in it. My heal and toes are pressed against the back and front of the shoe. Very uncomfortable. This is not a size 11.", "makes me feel if you could walk on a cloud i would think thanx for stopping the pain from cheep made shoes", "My husband loves these sneakers!  Very comfortable and they look great!  Got these at a really good price.  Thank you.", "I've always had good luck with Nike shoes, but this pair is a whole different story.The first problem I had with them was the leather started \"bubbling up\" and separating over the toe area.This started happening after about 4 weeks of light use.The second issue I had was the well known squeak. (My brother once asked me where the \"Predator sound\" was coming from.) :)The third problem I've had with these shoes is a more serious one than the other two...The sole is separating from the upper all the way around each shoe.This is happening to shoes that are less than a year old!I'm not hard on my shoes and even the ones that I am hard on (I've got some 6 year-old Reeboks that I mow the lawn in) have never had this problem.All of this from a pair of shoes that only get walked in (I have a separate pair of running shoes).I expected better from a fifty dollar pair of shoes, and I expected better from NIke.", "My first pair of Monarchs from back in 2010 did not squeak but my new pair purchased in 2012 sure does.  Developed the squeak several weeks after owning.  Only got worse.  While the shoe is comfortable, the squeaking is horrible.  Never again will I purchase a Nike shoe after seeing the reviews on here of others with the squeaking problems and Nike not stepping up to take care of things.", "These are my second pair. They are very comfortable to walk and run in although I would recommend another shoe for running. I'm not sure why I bought a second pair of these when my other ones got worn out because other shoes out there make these seem dated. I like the look and everything but I think there are nicer shoes out there.", "There is no beating these for comfort but the noise that comes out of these shoes within weeks I is ridiculous! I am a UPS driver and I have bought these for the last 6 years or so hoping that they would fix this problem to no avail I will have to stop purchasing these and find something else! I wish that they could fix it I would never buy anything else but...", "Warm, really good for NY weather, and the delivery is quick. Price is very reasonable, love it. Comfortable, but just a bit small for my feet.", "This is my second pair of Air Monarchs. The first didn't start the audible squeaking until the shoes were well broken in and mainly used as yard work shoes because of wear and appearance, so I didn't really care. Thought it was just a fluke and kind of amusing. Got a new second pair because shoe fit well and went on sale from $60 to $45. Now I know why. The new pair stared the extremely load squeaking almost immediately. It is embarrassing when walking the halls to have this loud squeaking announce you before you even turn the corner. I have not tried the baby powder solution suggested by other users yet. Will try first thing when I get home and hope it works. Either way, will not buy these or any Nike shoes again(I have been burned before)at any price.", "I love these shoes. They are very comfortable. I wear Nike sneakers all the time and this is one of my favorite pairs.", "I can not say enough good things about this product, it was an amazing purchase and I will buy from this seller and this product again in the future", "have had serveral pairs of these shoes and switched to other brands but always seem to come back to the monarchs...i do ALOT of walking on my job and these are the only shoes ive ever owned that seem to get me through an entire day without any foot pain...", "Shoes arrived in perfect condition . They were a gift for my son. They fit him perfectly and are very comfortable.", "This shoe is awful. They squeak so bad that you sound like a duck. Even on carpet!! I purchased twice which was stupid. First ones squeaked but thought it was just me. Then when I got the second ones I knew it was the shoes. Contacted Nike and they told me to put baby powder in them. Really!!! What a joke. If you like squeaky shoes then these are the ones for you!! Watch out for duck season!", "I purchased these to wear to the office during the week. You can't tell they're tennis shoes. And if you're on your feet all day, these are the answer! Nothing to &#34;black out&#34; as far as logo etc.Very happy, happy, happy!", "muy buen producto satisfecho 100% la calidad y el tiempo de entrega el esperadolo recomiendo y espero que salgan nuevamente", "Got these for my son for his indoor winter baseball training. He really likes the way the shoes fit and likes their look.", "Shoes are really pretty for the fans of \"all black\" stuff. I found them not as confortable as the other Shoxs I had", "I really liked my Nike Lunarglide+2 shoes.  I thought they had cushion in all of the right places such as the heel and mid-sole vs. all over the shoe and they are wicked light!  What I ended up not liking (after they destroyed my big toe and the one next to it) was how the toes really tapers into a narrowing toe box to push off from.  I did not notice this right out of the gate until I ran a few 6 min/miles.  I did have plenty of room as far as the length of the shoe with a thumbs with at the toe, but that darn taper made me look for another solution.  I run 20+ miles per week, 5'8\", 156 lbs with normal arches and a mid-strike style.  I just picked up some Asic's Cumulus 12s.", "i really liked the shoe when i first got it it was sooo comfy i loved it...it had very good support in running and arch support i've been wearing the same pair of shoes for almost 10 months held up good except for the mesh on the sides... it started to rip and tear but it has been almost 10 months very good shoe im going to try the 3rd one out to see how that one will work......i prescribe this shoe for any day use and runnning", "I'm a big guy (250 lb) on my feet all day long, so I need a ton of cushioning and also medial support.  I used to run a sneaker store and always swore by Brooks but was looking for something more appealing to the eye.  I have worn these nearly every day for the last four months and they are by far the most comfortable sneaker I have ever worn.  I'm actually ordering a few more pairs so I'll be set for a while and won't have to go looking.", "These shoes are great! Thay lasted my son about a year, before he wore them out. I bought him a pair of plain Nike hightops and they aren't even close to being a good as the Jordan's where, when it is time to buy my 13 year old son shoes again he is asking that I get him another pair of these!", "cannot go wrong with BLACK! easy to match clothes and easy to miss seeing the  dirt/scuffs. my middle schooler loves  these.", "I grew up a huge Michael Jordan fan, so when my kid started watching videos of him on YouTube, it was only natural that we look for the shoes.  I found these on Amazon, the only place that I could find them in his size.  These are great, just like I remembered from the first time they came around.  My kid loves them, I only wish I could of gotten myself a pair as well.", "These are my first pair of Nike sunglasses, Nike Adrenaline Polarized Matte Black/Grey.They look amazing, the lens quality is on the same level as Oakley. The frame seems very sturdy, durable, and have a sporty look to them.My only con is they fog up a little bit, hence the 4 stars and not 5.", "I bought these because I wanted to have a pair of sunglasses to play golf in and possibly flag football without them slipping off my face.  They fit almost too good as where the glasses contact my ear becomes sore after wearing these for a prolonged period of time.  Overall I am happy with the product and the price on Amazon.", "Work well, but I like them a bit smaller.  The actual ones I wanted have been discontinued.  Still alright I guess", "I gave them to my wife and she loves them. They were an excelent present. she looks nice, and they make their work.", "These are cool retro looking glasses, but they are slightly feminine in their curves, especially on longer faces. The color is fun.", "The jordan slide are comfortable and good looking yall should get a pair of these, im actually wearing them right now!", "Great delivery speed good price ok fit. All plastic so able to go in a shower with no issues or problems", "My grandson was thrilled and wears them as often as he can. The size was correct as was the design", "Love the look of the shoe but it is way too tight. I bought a half size larger and it still was very uncomfortable. It doesn't fit like any Nike shoe I have ever worn. I definitely returned them which is sad because I truly loved the look :(", "A true old school shoe made with old school quality. Most comfortable shoes Ive owned. The new ones dont match the quality.", "Got exactly what I wanted. Item came a day later than I wanted but I believe it was more so the delivering company whose fault it was. Would order again if they had what I wanted, prices were reasonable too!", "Tenis comprei para uma amiga, segundo a mesmo ela gostou muito, serviu perfeitamente. A cor tambem foi exatamente como descrito no anuncio.", "Awesome great shoes, fit great classic style!  Hard to find shoes got quickly in mail, like & wear them a lot!!", "Finally able to get an Auburn Championship shirt in my lifetime. This shirt is not only great looking but is well made and fits perfectly. I would recommend to anyone. War Eagle!", "Hello!These shoes are really great, nice looking and very comfortable! But I had a problem with them, I believe the shoes were defective since the beginning.The Amazon seller did not help at all, they told me to contact Nike, Nike said the shoes did not meet their criteria for replacement.First thing I saw (and did not consider important at that time) was the the right shoe's tongue was about 1 inch longer than the other one.The tongue is not really longer, it just was wrongly installed, about 1 inch higher, because of this it is loose at the bottom.Then after sometime (about 6 months) using the shoes the out sole of the right shoe came apart, it has a big hole, then a realized maybe the shoes were somehow defective from the beginning because of the tongue problem.These shoes look tough, but at the end a pair of Adidas Bounce, which look way less tough, lasted way longer than my Nike ACG shoes.The frustration here is that I don't understand how the people from Nike can't see the wrongly installed tongue, this clearly means the shoes came out of the factory with defects.I think the shoes are better than what I got, maybe I just was unlucky, but Nike did not honored their 2 year coverage from the manufacture date.Thanks!", "This teni is very comfortable to walk or run in the Park by its comfortable sole and design I recommend it own you backyard from 1 year and still use it almost like new are", "If you buy these shoes order at least a 1/2 size bigger. I ordered 10's and I should have gotten a 10.5 if they are available.", "better than shoes three times the price. very comfortable, great fit and nice looking. Buy a pair and see for yourself", "I was looking for a running shoe and tried this in the store, I bought it from amazon as couldn't find the size, except slight disappointment of the color as its ltl dim than what I expected from the picture.pros: Its comfortable and light.cons: slippery on wet floors.", "I love these shoes... they are a very good looking shoe.  Unfortunately the were one size to small for my dad.  i am sending them back and i hope they have a bigger size!!", "nice very goodA mi hijo le encantaron sus nuevos zapatos son  muy suaves y el color le gusto mucho, buen precio", "Felicitaciones por el producto enviado, Muchas gracias los zapatos est&aacute;n bellos. Se cumpli&oacute; con lo requerido.  Excelente vendedor. Es muy agradable cuando se obtienen resultados satisfactorios.", "These are my new favorite shoes. Great looking and comfotable. Amazon underpromised and overdeliered by getting them to me way before I expected. Thanks, wish every company was so service oriented.", "I love the sneakers I purchased for my husband! They fit him just right and are very comfortable. He hates to shop and by me buying them knowing if they don't fit I can send them back was perfect. Thank you so much for making my life easier!", "fake dont buy. misleading ad. doesnt have nike tag nor does it say nike on shoe at all. save your money.", "Typical Nike shoes. Look good, feel good, what else can I say. Yes I would buy them again and do recommend them.", "It did not fit as my wife wanted. I will not buy to this seller anymore. I hope We will have a better treatment in the future.", "Excellent quality and finish. I loved it because it was the perfect size and model for my mother. Was a gift.", "Well-padded, comfortable, good-looking, all-purpose shoes, for anything from casual errands to walking/light exercise/running. Comfort is more important than looks of the shoes, but these shoes look fine, too.", "I recieved my shoes and they fit perfectly.  I have had some bad experience with online ordering when it comes to shoes.  Some of the shoes I have ordered have been tight on my feet and I have not been able to wear them.  These were a perfect fit and the price was half of what I am use to paying in stores!", "Received just as promised - with no surprises.  Which is good.  This extra wide size is hard to find locally.  Thank you!", "hello good morning very much fine excelent i am complace a e i o u del 1 al 10 les doy 10", "el articulo llego a tiempo y seguro, prooveedor responsable lo recomiendo es seguro y en las proximas compras futuras le comprare", "Iam a fanatic of Nike ,with these shoes  you feels secures and comfortable, I recommend 100% for walk and any sport activity.", "Great looking shoe and it lives up to it's description in the post here on Amazon.  However, for the Price to include shipping it was slightly high, but a good purchase still the same.", "The shoes were just as I ordered but failed to notice that I had chosen the wide size so had to return them.  The shoes would have been great if the right size.", "I don't want to gush about these shoes but I have foot and ankle problems and these shoes fit so  well as they don't hurt my feet and ankles.  They are true to size not big or too narrow.  Boy I don't know but I will think about ordering a second pair to have on hand just because these shoes fit so well!", "I have really wide feet.  These fit perfectly.However... I have ordered several pairs, and THEY ALL SQUEAK, and I mean really loud.  You do not even have to walk on them, but just squeeze the soles and the heal area, and the sound like a rubber ducky in heat.But.... They are comfortable and the serve me well.", "I actually bought this as present for my father--he loved it! Delivery was quick as well which was something I wanted since it had to brought in overseas--Thanks!", "I have issues with feet and over the last decade I've found only this style allows me to walk around all day and not be very soar at night.  So I love them for that reason, however something has changed in the last couple years where now the material and/or construction are such that it's almost embarrassing to wear these in public.  Heck even around my house!  I'm constantly apologizing for how loud they are and it sucks!  Next pair I'm going back to my local store and buying to see if maybe it's the source Amazon is buying from.  Who knows.", "On time with exact fit and with good packing I really like the product ,you guys send me on Christmas and should thank for that,really good job done thanks a ton...", "I'm a nurse, and shoes should never have to be &#34;broken-in&#34;. They should feel good as soon as you put them on. The seam on the shoe runs directly across your toes, and with socks on, it just adds more to the pressure points at the end of the toes. This can cause blisters and discomfort. Won't buy them again....", "This is a great pair of shoes. Was exactly what they said it would be and is the best shoes I have owned.", "I purchased the Nike Initiator's to wear for my afternoon walks. I like them except they are a little tight across the toe area.  Can't wear for long periods due to this problem.  Wasn't offered in wide.", "The product arrived on time, in excelent condition and it fits me perfectly therefore they are great for excercise and for walking.", "Comprar ropas Nike son una maravilla, es elegancias para los ni&ntilde;os y ni&ntilde;as de esta epoca. es exclusivo para cualquier temporada del a&ntilde;o.", "Nike running shoes are my best choice, when it comes to sneakers. They support my arch, the cushion in the shoe feels good for a longer period of time, than other sneakers I've purchased in the past and the soles are non-skid. Nike shoes never let me down. The only thing with this particular shoe was, it took me a longer time to break them in, and I think it's because their medium width. I never noticed a width on my Nike shoes. I wear regular, or so I thought narrow widths and these medium widths were hard on top and took longer to break in. Now the shoes are fine, after about 4 weeks, where as before, I could slip on a pair and never think twice about it.", "very comfortable and fit well. unable to find in stores anymore so it was nice to find then on line.", "hello!!!!!!!perfectos bonitos para mi esposa gracias!!!! muy rapida entrega!!!! calidad!!!! los felicitos saludos!!! viva usa!! hasta la vista beby... saludos", "Ordered for my Step-daughter for Christmas.. I think she will love them.. if not, I will lol! Very light weight. Great bargain.", "I have been walking on treadmill for a few weeks now. I walk anywhere from 4 to 6 miles a day and it is hard on my feet. I have an old pair of Nike walking shoes that are just about worn out, so I ordered these. These shoes are so light and feel really good on my feet. I was hoping that since they are considered running shoes that they would also be good for walking, and they are. I am very satisfied with the comfort and I really love the colors! I was also impressed with the price! Nike's are just great shoes!", "Excelente, recomendado... Buen producto, lleg&oacute; a en el tiempo estimado y en perfectas condiciones, el material es bueno, nada de imitaciones.", "I read the reviews on those shoes that said that you get used to them quickly and they dont hurt your feet at all so decided to buy them which turned out not to be true at all. they hurt pretty badly for a very long time! like a few months! even though i am not an everyday runner but at the time when i bought them i ran pretty often and i just couldnt suffer thru that pain anymore so i had to stop. next time i will probably buy it at the shoe store...", "I love it was glad I finally got it .I love the color the fit the make just super. just great", "had hesitation ordering these as l didn't think nike were wide enough for my feetwell was l wrong, l have never had anything so comfortable right from the startnormally it's weeks before l can judge a shoe/runnerwill certainly go down this track again if this model is still available.of course once again amazon were great in every aspect.thanks againaussie walker", "I think this tennis is better for a nurse who walk all the time. It is a very comfortable shoe but it too big looking in the front which you can't see in the picture. I have to return it.", "Reviewing the pair of new Nike's (women's) Free Walk sneakers I purchasedThey are not made of leather, they are made with some synthetic materialsthat look like patent leather, psuedo leather,and a nylon mesh.They run narrow or on the small side. I wear a 7 and they are snug.Because they aren't made of leather they do not stretch or give with wear,so they can't really be broken in.They are exactly what they looked like in the photo, and I like them very much,but can't wear them with thick socks. Other then that they are comfortable to walk in,and provide good cushioned support to the arches of my feet.I'd recommend getting a half size larger if your feet are wide and you like wearing sneakers or athletic shoes with thicker socks!", "I'm from Argentina, I ordered the nike rift with the size 36. I did not know there were many sizes 36. I get the size smaller and I can not utilize. But the product itself is very good", "love this kinds of shoes. comfortable, healthy and prepare for walking on all kinds of grounds. Love to have gotten this and with so beautiful colors. I love go walking and this has been a very good choose to go ahead wit this...Enjoyable!", "These cleats are very nice quality and look great. My son wears a size 9 though so I was surprised the 11.5 fit. I thought he'd grow into them. Still his favorite Christmas present so very worth it, just might not have them as long.", "I wear these kicks at the Magic games in Orlando.  Keeps me properly dressed to root for the blue and white,.", "Bought these for my sons basketball shoes!! Perfect ... Just like the pic and they came very quickly!! He loves em!! I got all the credit from him, love Amazon!!! Quick, cheaply priced n perfect!!", "Got these shoes and loved them from the second I put them on!  Great for the gym and for casual use as well.  They are bright, but such a nice quality you are OK with them being loud!Recommend them highly!", "La lona se decolor&oacute; muy r&aacute;pido. El material con que est&aacute; hecho el tenis se despint&oacute; demasiado r&aacute;pido, ahora parece un zapato viejo.", "Fits perfect and love to go golfing.  Great shoe and comfortable.  Even good when its damp outside.  On time as well", "Have it in numerous colors. Great to wear to the gym and wipes the sweat away so you can hit the weights even harder.", "Best hoodie.  Only thing even close is the Champion hoodie, in my opinion. I have both, so the comparison is sound. There are generally around the same price, and rightly so.", "Good shoes my daughter really like them very stylish and comfortable shoes.  They should do more colors and larger size for women with larger feet.", "I've been buying from amazon for a long time now and never had any complain, but this time was a total desepcion!! i ordered this item for my 9 years old boy and i couldn't believe what i saw when i opened the package..it was a totally diferent item!!!! they sent me a girl runing shoes!!! totally but totally diferent thing and besides..for girl!!! i am very desapointed with this transaction and the worst think is that i can not send it back..i live in Paraguay so you can imagine how much it will cost me. anyway don't even think of buying this!!!", "Okay, so Keens these are not, but these are an awesome little every day sandal for the beach.  My 5 year old has had a new pair of these each summer and they are highly adjustable, comfy and endure serious wear.  They are not tough, hiking-style sandals like Keens (which we also purchase each year), but they are so easy for him to get on and off and allow sand to flow through so easily that I would highly recommend to anyone.  Buying his next size for our upcoming vacation right now...", "estos tenis los compre para mi hijo y qued&oacute; feliz cuando llegaron, son muy bonitos y el embalaje fue perfecto!!", "My son is happy with these Nike shoes. We have always bought Nike shoes, and these shoes arrived quickly and the price was fair.", "Great price and love these sneakers!! I had been looking for Nike Air Max's for forever but they are so expensive. For $65 these were totally worth it and I have gotten so many compliments. I think if anyone wants a great sneaker they need to buy these. They are attractive and very comfortable. I have gotten so many compliments and people have walked up to me in stores and told me they love them and asked where I got them. They are a must buy!!", "light as air and look great in person! i love them. I will be purchasing them in Red soon. very happy", "I bought these sandals because I'm a basketball player and after a game i like to use sandals to cool my feet of after a good game, I love Jordans and I love the pink in these Jordan Hydro i went with the kids size because they don't have them in the adults size, but they're just right in size, they feel really comfortable. I love them.", "Great gift, bought them for a gift for a friend, she couldn't find them anywhere else, makes her feet look great! Comes in handyfor beach and pools", "I own over 20 pairs of Nikes and all of them are a size 12. I even own a few pairs that are very similar to the style of these shoes, such as the Pegasus 83's (I know it's eighty-something) and Air Vengeance. Those are also size 12 and they fit just fine. These Air Ventures feel almost a full size too large. Not only do these shoes run big, they don't look as cool as the pictures and I usually love all my Nike products. Not so much with this one.", "We searched high and low for these shoes as to ensure no one else at my daughters school had them already, SUCCESS!!! Thanks for being the only one to have my daughters size in the color she chose!", "los compre para mi hermana y le encanto el dise&ntilde;o, son originales y estan de moda, muy comodos y ligeros.", "lo maximo excelent producto el vendedor perfecto gracias sin inconvenientes e e e e e e e e e e e", "Very comfortable shoes and well made. The white part gets dirty very easily though but they have held up well even after a few cycles in the washing machine.", "These are wonderful shoes.  My husband wore one pair out after 3 years.  He doesn't really want any other shoes forcomfort and endurance.", "Purchased these shoes right before our trip to Disney World, of course knowing that we would be doing a lot of walking.  Very comfortable shoes with good cushion.  Love Nike and love the Nike frees.  Great walking shoe!", "I bought these for my husband who is in his late 20's. The shoe is a great clean & classy look. I am kind of skeptical of how clean they will stay but for now they look great. They have the Nike+ feature which is nice if you use it. He has had a lot of complements on them. However, he did say that they are not the most comfortable shoe he has ever had. He did not say they were \"uncomfortable\" though. He wears them a lot so they must be okay :)", "THEY LOOK NICE BUT THEY BARELY HAVE CUSHION ON THE INSIDE, HURT THE TIP OF MY TOES.  I WORE THEM ONCE &THEY'RE JUST SIT'N IN MY CLOSET NOW.", "Classic design. Looks good and very comfy for walking long distances. Spacey around toes. Takes a couple of times to break in. Shoes are visually appealing but get dirty easily since they are white.", "I love these sneakers, always have. I have been wearing them for at least 5 years now, and am so glad that they are still offered on Amazon. I buy a new pair every 6 months or so, but that has always been the case with me regardless of the shoe; I still wear a pair from 3 years ago when doing yard work and they are just as comfortable as ever. Definitely recommended.", "This is exactly what I ordered.  Just a small bit of advice.  These are all leather so they do take a little wearing since they are very stiff new.  The shoe is becoming more comfortable with each wear.", "Great sneaker for the price. Good quality for the money !Good for just casual dress. Machine washable when they get dirty", "I've been wearing these for almost a couple years now and not a single problem.  The shoe laces and support are in great shape and none of the material is wearing out.", "I'm a big fan of Nike Running shoes.  Have worn them in five marathons, twenty plus half marathons and lots of 10Ks.  They are comfortable.  Durable.  Look good.I rotate two pairs and generally replace shoes once or twice a year depending on the mileage I'm putting in.", "me encantoo m e p a  r e e c e q u e s e l as s u p i e r o n  csofv", "the product was as advertised when it arrived. when purchasing online, without seeing the product and being able to try it on if it is a clothing item, you can never be sure it is what you wanted when deciding to purchase but this item was exactly as it appeared in the advertisment. The fact that you can see the item from different angles in the ad was helpful.", "my son loves this hooded top it is probably his favorite top to wear - can't get the hood off him.", "Bought in one size larger for my hubby for christmas....he requested the one size larger for added room.  Washed very well, no fading in the color and no shrinkage in the size.  He loves it!", "Great fabric, warm and comfortable. I plan to buy other sweaters from nike. Fits well, actually a medium. I would recommend this sweater.", "This item was requested by my Grandson for Christmas and he certainly liked it because he wore home that night and I have seen it on him numerous times.", "My girlfriend got this hoodie for me for valentines day bc she was tired of seeing me wear the same hoodie everyday. Arrived on time. Its nice and soft with cool metal tips on the strings with the nike logo. Simple but nice product that I have really enjoyed", "It makes my wife's feet bloody. And hard to return. I doubt if it's true Nike?I recommend you to buy Nike by authentic sites or shops.", "I just received these and they are nice golf shoes. They fit to size which is not always the case. They are also comfortable when I tried them on. Should be great after break in.", "Excelente compra. Llegaron r&aacute;pido, los tenis NikeSon de muy buena calidad y este modelo son elegantesCombinan muy bien con unos Chinos Kakis.", "Good shoes, only bad thing is the slim laces which sometimes make it difficult to tie properly.Work well during wet courses, they normally dry fast too.*** 6 months of use and the heel is starting to unglued, this is a major flaw from all nike shoes in general.*** 9 months of use and i regret buying them, the quality of the materials is very low, the synthetic leather is getting ripped into little holes around the side of the toes, i don't think they will stand for a whole year in a good condition.***  Better to pay more for a better brand and quality product! like a fj.", "Comfortable as tennis shoes. Hold up to rain and heat.  Would definitely purchase again. Can't believe a golf shoe is this comfortable.", "I am a very big person so when I buy new shoes or boots I keep in mind that the feet I was born with are the only pair I ever get.Big or small don't matter though.The nike golf shoes are very comfortable even after walking eighteen holes of golf,five to eight miles depending on the golf course I play at.When I went to the course the first time with these shoes I carried my old ones with me.To my surprise after 18 holes my old shoes were still in golf bag and felt like I could've kept playing.The cleat setup works very well and still comfotable when walking on hard flat surfaces.You can spend two to three hundred dollars on a pair of golf shoes if you choose to,but why spend that kind of money when buying a shoe when nike specializes in sport shoes.They are comfortable,stylish,and reasonably priced.Nike also stands behind their product 100%.", "I bought these for my husband for Christmas. He is pleased with them. Although he did mention they should have come with a small tool to change out the spikes on the bottom. All of his previous pairs (all Nike) came with this as well as spare spikes.", "I ordered these online because I needed a wide shoe.  I tried on a pair of these at Academy, but the size was 12.  I could get my foot in, but it was really crammed.  I bought these 1 size bigger, in a wide, and it still was very tight.", "The style and color of these golf shoes was a big hit right from the opening of the box. After trying them on and walking around the living room carpet our grandson was overcome with thanks and joy.", "Good product at an affordable price.  Only complaint is it has a few too many spikes on bottom and may need to remove a couple.  Other than that, good look, good fit.", "I picked these out for m dad for Xmas and he lives them . They're great for the low price I was worried ordering them no knowing if they'd fit without my dad trying them on . But they fi great .", "The golf shoes are very comfortable and light, besides that, the first time I used them I made a hole in one...", "What a wonderful find with these shoes! Comfortable fit for golf...very light and grip the ground without a problem. Delivery very fast. Have recommended for many of my golf buddies.", "A very comfortable lightweight shoe. I wore it it the rain and my feet stayed dry.Great value for money.", "The reason I rated it so low is I was suppose to get a wide width pair. I have a bone spur and need a wide. When I received them they were Medium. It was even on the outside of the box. Nike is hard to find in wide and I was so disappointed I didn't get the size I ordered. I was able to send them back, but apparently there was not a pair to reorder.", "they fit good and feel good. I only got to use them once before golf season was over but they felt good teeing off and very comfortable", "These socks shrank a lot after washing. My son has a size 13 foot. The ones we purchased were for 13-15. Fit good when first worn, but shrank severely after washing. Not sure why. Hope they are not knock offs.", "These are very affordable and wearable socks. They seem to keep their shape and don't sag even after repeated washings. I will buy these again", "Good comftoorble socks. They lasted a long year of football and baseball then finally got worn out i will purchase more one day", "I Bought these for my son for football and they were perfect. Fast shipment, and he was happy with them. They worked out fine", "I bought these for my nephew because he only wears Nike (sigh...).  When I got them, I thought they were kind of thin, but he really likes them.  They probably won't last long, though....", "I buy these socks for my son.  He needs the BIG size & I can't find it in local stores.  They are a nice, thick-but not too thick material.  I've found that they last 6-8 months before the top starts to stretch out.  And he wears them all the time.", "I like the nike dry fit socks, especially the ones that are marked L and R for better fit. The description for these socks indicated they were the dry fit - they were not, and that they were fitted - they were not.Make sure before you order the wrong socks. These are ok, but not worth the $$$ I paid for them.", "I'm really glad I finally decided to go online for socks instead of at local stores. Having socks that are actually the right size for my feet have been amazing.", "The swoosh is actually dark grey.  I contacted seller and they said the color has changed.  That's all fine and dandy but when you are purchasing for football uniform, then the color is fairly important.  The thing sold needs to be the thing in the picture, period.", "The dress standards today for young men vary a lot, these socks fit the bill, great for day to day wear as well as gym class and beyond, the cushion is great and they maintain their look after many washes. I recommend thes to anyone.", "Socks are perfect fit and quality.  I will buy this product again in the future for myself and my family", "I like the socks overall. I wanted some big socks that were going to feel soft, keep dry, and stay comfortable. These are it. Although they are a bit tight for wider feet. They fit well but are a bit tight. Overall a great exercise or sports sock!", "I LOVE THESE SOCKS BECAUSE I HAVE BIG FEET I HAVE TO ORDER XL. I WISH I COULD FIND XXL SOMEWHERE", "We ordered these socks to wear underneath volleyball ankle guards. M daughter thought that they were comfortable, affordable, and worked just fine.", "Very comfortable and a great fit.  Can wear them easily with shoes or sneakers.  They will replace some of the same that I have worn out....", "These were a gift for someone else. So, all I know is new athletic socks were needed by the recipient.", "These were a purchase for my son with large feet.  It is very difficult to get these socks in this size (12-15) in stores; usually you can only purchase large.  Nike does not disappoint with quality.", "Good quality socks -- the fit was right on.  They arrived on the exact date that was indicated on the day that I placed the order.  Pleased with them.", "so i was under the impression that this sock was a nike dry fit sock but it is not, but i still like them not as much but they will do", "Good socks - I use them for basketball. Only issue I have with them is that when I take them off, there are a lot of black fuzzies left all over my feet. No matter how many times I wash them, it still happens. I like the sock overall though, but would probably by a different Nike pack next time.", "I gave these as gifts and everyone really liked them.  They are soft and classy.  They are not too small either.", "We were looking for a larger sock, these seem to be about the same size as 10-13, not much larger at all.  Still too short for my husband's foot, hurt his toes.", "My son loved them. They were also cheaper online then in stores. They are very comfy he says. The fit was just right.", "I usually wear 10.5 shoes so I ordered 11's, but they were quite tight.  A friend has a pair of 12's that fit perfect, so recommend purchasing on the large size.  Otherwise, one of the most comfortable pair of sandals I've ever owned.", "My husband wore these in Disney World for a very long amount of time.  They are sturdy and well made.  They are very light as well. WELL WORTH the money!", "Shoes look very elegant & like the color & fabric. The shoes are not comfortable in first use but it gets softer afterwards. I recommend", "I bought these shoes for running long distances mostly (6-10 miles outdoors).  I've put quite a few miles on these and they are still going strong.  It didn't take long to break these in, and I didn't have to deal with much of the &#34;hard heel&#34; because of that.  These provide a good amount of support for running outdoors (mostly on pavement or dirt roads) and during the winter I used them to run on treadmills.  They've lasted pretty long and haven't torn or frayed anywhere.  The sole is in pretty good shape for how long I've had these.  Definitely recommend, especially for the price.", "this is a designed product fit my needs for my sport activity. it showed up exactly as the web described.", "I bought these NIke for mens  , a size 8 1/5 for womens and I usually wear a womens 9 , and they fit perfect as Nike SHOX tend to run a bit small any ways.......I have been wearing Nike SHOX for many years now , as I work long hours on my feet as an Auditor  , and they are perfect to support your back and legs all day , no pain at all with Nike SHOX they are worth the money for sure !!!!", "The men and youngsters in my life who received a pair of these socks in their Christmas stockings were wearing them during the holidays for around the house and seemed to enjoy them.", "These socks are perfect for physical activity.  I run, play basketball and workout in them.  Your feet will be completely dry but the sock will be soaked.  I'll be buying more if I can find them on sale.", "My boys really enjoyed getting these for christmas in their stockings, they go thru alot of socks but these are holding up well!!", "Wasn't happy with the packaging. I bought these for my son as a Christmas gift and when I received them, they were not packaged in plastic or had any type of tag that would show they were new. They were just loose and looked like they were thrown in the box as if I'd picked them out of someone's dresser drawer.", "These socks are 100% knock offs. I have purchased Nike products for years and years. When these came I could tell from the get go they were 100% fake. They came wadded up in grey plastic bag. There were no tags on them. The Nike logo looks all jacked up. They do not feel like moisture wicking fabric. They are not good quality. I paid a lot for these socks and I am sending them back. If you have experienced true moisture wicking Nike socks in the past then as soon as you receive these you will know they are knock offs. Beware!", "Purchased for my son, he loves them!Comfortable, fit perfectly, and keep moistureaway! Arrived on time, and just as described!Thanks!", "I tend to just wear plain old socks so these feel weird when you first put them on but after that they feel nice.", "Is a nice shoes; shoes are very comfortable and lightweight, I like that the bottom is harder and better protecting air Burbules", "I bought them for both of my college age kids and they love them.  They use them for running.  Sturdy without being heavy or bulky.", "I purchased these as a gift for my husband, so I cannot elaborate on all their intricacies. However, he was looking for a light-weight, wrap-around type pair of sunglasses. Another important feature he was looking for is a nose piece that will not leave painful impressions on the bridge of his nose. He seems happy with these shades in all these categories.", "Great product. I'm very happy with these sunglasses they don't slip, their comfortable and clear. They are perfect for running and outdoor exercising.", "The sunglasses are very light and comfortable to wear. The large lenses keep the glare out of the eyes. They don't flop around when running.", "These glasses have a great fit. They stay in place while running without any chafing or irritation. The large lenses and wide view don't interfere with my view. They are lightweight and I often forget I am wearing them.", "My face is a bit wider than usual, and with Asian fit characteristics.Lens are wide enough but I expected a bit wider, they are as tight as they could be, without being uncomfortable.Nice and comfortable, but a bit wider would have done the job.", "I used it for shopping today in down town Kampala. It is very nice and I like it bouncing style when working. I will consider to buy for my son in the near future.", "These shoes are very nice. I would say they run a bit small on the size. They hold up under use.", "Great looking pair of Nikes that fit perfect. They don't breath as well as other running shoes I own. However, they are supportive, comfortable, flexible and look great on.  I ended up wearing them more for casual shoes than for running or working out in since they lack breathing but I wouldn't complain about them because they have turned out be one of my favorite pair of shoes.", "These Nike shoes are great for walking.  The four point heel is very stable, and gives you a bit of extra support as the years take away your balance.  The heel is high, for support, but I have to use a shoe horn to make sure I don't roll over the heel putting them on.", "I love these Nikes because you can use them for extreme casual use, or to dress up a bit. Perfect for me.", "I own virtually every Jordan you can find and this one stands out.  Real clean and it goes well with everything.", "this is one of the best shoes i've used. the cushioning system is really good for hard landing. being a low top, made me move faster, especially weaving through traffic. and the skin, (well i just called it the skin)gives the shoes protection from scratches very durable flywire and scale-like skin. my only problem with this is, it made me so sprain-prone!!! i have never been sprained, and after using this i had 3 major sprains, a minor ones! THAT's why probably they included an ankle support for the brand new KOBE VII. but styling alone, this KOBE VI is better looking than the VII, because for me the straight line design of the VII looks like kurdoroy style, but with this KOBE 6, the scale-like skin really shows the real BLACK MAMBA!!!", "ITS been over six months and this canvas is pumping strong i have no regrets it washes and the fade is like a differing appearance that makes it look more unique.", "I purchased this for my son and he loved it. Well made and looks cool. The quality is truly exceptional", "I love my bag, I want one in red if it's available.The price was affordable and looks just like the picture!!!", "Was a Christmas present and my son loved it. I will be ordering another in the near future. Very pleased.", "It is a beautiful and well made cap but a little smaller than I expected for my 1 year son.", "Purple shoes are a must...no matter who you are - these throwback Nike Cortez's fit the bill to \"a T\". Not the most support in the world...but you should know that going in. Look awesome under jeans.", "Nice and comfortable shoes. The shoes are stylish and well designed, my son loves to wear them every chance he gets. I would recommend them to anyone.", "I bought this as a Christmas present and he was very happy with the quality of the shirt.  I was very pleased with how quickly it was shipped.", "Excelentes zapatos !!!! full c&oacute;modos!!! buenos para jugar en canchas de futbolito de grama artificial!!! tienen bastante agarre y bonito dise&ntilde;o", "You experimenting with the boot and was very magnificenceIts shape is very beautiful and harmonicShoe is light and there with the shoe bagThank you for your service", "Nice Packaging, great gift for the man in your life! Nice thin tri-fold wallet, great price for a high end brand!", "Wish Nike would re-introduce this run of shoes. Good support and fit, although they're not the most comfortable shoe there is, it's perfect style for canvas.", "I bought Nike Shox about 2 years ago. They tend to be okay for walking, but for running its a whole new story. The soles tend to wear off on one side after a while. Once they a worn out, the soles make it hard to lift weights because it does not grasp on to the floor much (it has more of a sliding effect). I would recommend these shoes if you are a light exerciser.", "Much more comfortable than standard Shox which are quite firm and unforgiving. The combination Lunar sole adds additional cushioning in forefoot, without sacrificing responsiveness. Mesh upper is slipper-style thus minimizing shoe weight while cradling foot. Upper has minimal padding in tongue area making it uncomfortable to lace very tightly for anyone with nerve sensitivity or those trying hard core training exercises. Good for mild running or basic cross-training. At sale price of $55 this is an exceptional deal. OK value at $90 but overpriced at $140. DEFINITELY sized small. Consider ordering 1/2 size larger unless you like a very tight shoe.Unfortunately the waffle pattern black sole separated from the lunar sole on the forefoot of both shoes within less than 6 weeks of use. Nike's excellent return claim policy provided me with a full value replacement gift card, but still need to shop for new pair of training shoes. Would much prefer having the shoes last!", "I just got them and i already love them. They were just what i was looking for and they got to me fast.", "Purchased this pair of Nike for walking.  They are great for walking, but i would not wear for running.  Great fit.", "I wear Nike sneaker's all the time but this particular shoe run's bigger than normal. I had to give them to my daughter rather than returning them.", "this is a great shoe , comfortable , well built , sturdy, absolutely recommend this she to anyone. Perfect gift", "Thanks. I love it , good attention. I love this shoes and it arrives on time. Thanks so much. Neyda", "I am very satisfied with the service and product. This is my first time using AMAZON and it was the best experience ever. Made my Christmas shopping a breeze.", "Well tailored, lightweight, and features breathable mesh with a gum sole. My second pair of Jordans and he never dissappoints!", "My son tends to like the Nike brand of shoes best.  This year they were advised to start using metal cleats.  I found these on line in a size 6.5.  He is a size 6 but found these to fit fine.  He still needs to get totally used to the metal cleats but says they are good.  He has no complaints.", "I order it two months ago as a present for Hannukah, my husband just loved it, he told me they are comfortable and fashionable, you can change the color of the nike logo many times as you wish.The price is good and they have great qualityViolet Medinillah", "its too bad nike discontinued these pants. unlike its successor, these pants aren't baggy, and so fit and perform better when running. they stay warm and are great to wear under snowboarding pants. i got myself a second pair. so happy i did.", "Purchased for my 10 yr old nephew for Xmas and he was thrilled to death. It fit him exactly right and for what it is I guess it's great. Got an A++ from a 10 yr old little boy so there you go!", "I have a size 32 waist and I'm 6'4 and they fit perfect with a medium.  Go down to just above the knee.  padding is thick and seems like it will hold up to sliding abuse.", "In comparing with the size for the nike pro Tee in large size sold in Hong kong the size of this product is larger than it.", "Wonderful price and quick shipping! I was very pleased with this product. Purchased it for my husband and he finds them very comfortable.", "Didn't clearly list man or woman shoe, thought I was ordering a woman's shoe, so when a man's shoe came, sizing was incorrect and had to return. No where on receipt/bill or listing could I easily see it. My fault, for assuming it was  a woman's shoe.", "Very satisfied with purchase! Great service, speed, && quality product! Shoes look && feel great. Looking forward to future purchases!", "I don't received the productWrite me he was waiting for the transitIt's written more than a 3 weekI want my money back", "This were a Christmas gift for my granddaughter,  she is a bit of a tomboy.  She has worn them every day since Christmas and seems to like them very much.  She said they are comfortable and that she likes the colors", "My son loves these shoes and still has them in good shape after a year of wearing them.  They are smart looking and stay clean a lot longer than white sneakers.", "This Nike Dart men's running shoe is one of the best fitting shoe I have ever purchased.  It gives me great support and comfort while doing my daily exercise", "I only use these shoes in the gym but they seem fine.  The sol of the shoe is very hard when I first put them on but after a few minutes I don&#8217;t mind it.  I don&#8217;t think they would work if you had to stand all day in them.  But for the gym or running they are nice.", "This is the first time I have ever ordered from the internetCyber Monday looked interesting , Ordered the nike shoeson Monday and they were delivered to me on Wed. I amtotally impressed with AMAZON Shoes were for mygrandson. He was on cloud nine. Just what he wanted.Fit perfect. And I am so happy with the good price.", "These shoes are amazing!! The most i have spent on running shoes but they are worth it!!!! I say everyone get this shoe they are very comfortable and light!", "Finally a pair of shoes that have stood up to my 9 year old. HAVE LASTED LONGER THAN ANY OTHER SHOE.", "Shoe has performed beyond expectations. They are light, so I work and run in these shoes. No problems! Highly recommended!", "excellent product and was just what I needed. easy to find this product, however the shoe was not the size I needed. this has no reflection on the company of this product", "Thank you for this. My Father liked it very much, considering the colors, model, everything, really good I appreciate it", "I have owned Nike shoes for a long time, and have always loved the support and comfort that they have afforded me. When I received these, I was excited, loving the color combination and the look. However, the shoes are a terrible fit, extremely narrow and would take an extreme amount of time to break in. Last time I will be purchasing shoes online, take note of the warnings.", "Comprar ropas nike son una maravilla, es elegancias para los ni&ntilde;os, ni&ntilde;as, mujeres y hombre  de esta epoca. es exclusivo para cualquier temporada del a&ntilde;o.", "My son lik it and I'm happy with that. I'll order again when I see another pair in the future", "for the price, this is a fine product for avg. use as a cross training shoe.  it fits well and is true to size, gives good support, is light and holds up to avg. use.  i recommend it as an entry level or mid-level cross trainer.", "Seller: ShoezooThe shipment arrived on time, I just bought it but i will update this review after some jogging.The shoe feels just like other Nike shoe. Same size. Great color contrast.About the insole, This is the first time i received a Nike shoe with this kind of insole, poor quality. looks like some insole you will find in chinatown. It is a must to change it for other with better quality.", "Shoe was exactly what I was looking for.  Would recommend this shoe to anyone.Very pleased with both the shoe and ther retailer.", "These seem to be fake nike shoes...not sure what exactly to make of these.  Contemplating a return on these. anyways", "The sole softens any impact you may suffer while running, jumping, or just walking. Perfectly recomended for anyone who wants to train Boxing.", "This shoe is very light and comfortable.  Great fit  with a perfect arch, (not too high)  Really nice looking too. First nike i have liked in a while. Great price too", "this nike is beautiful only taht in the picture is a few diferent like real, but in fcat this shoe is nice, is confortable and very good for me", "These lack comfort and feel cheap, which they are. As a shoe worn strictly to compliment your outfit they are fine. If you want comfortable Nikes u have to spend about $100", "I ordered these shoe's for my roommate for Christmas & he loves them.  He says they helped his arches, which are flat, & they helped his low back.  He stands, sits, & walks a lot at work, in electronics.  These Nike's look even better in person than in the pictures.", "Fit perfectly, which I expect from Nike.  Excellent arch support, I can run for an hour and my feet don't hurt after my workout.  Good brand, excellent quality.", "shoes are nice and comfortable. it's got good cushioning and support. the only problem is that they were too tight. my feet are size 10s and naturally that's what i ordered but the size 10s for dart 9 felt really tight up front, especially for the big toe. i tried to break them in but to no avail. after a couple of days my feet actually hurt pretty badly. so i did some internet research and found out that it's best to order half a size larger than what size your feet are for running shoes and it seems to be true. i ordered a pair of adidas running shoes, half a size larger, and they seem to fit perfectly. these shoes are great otherwise.", "excelente el modelo tal cual se visualiza en la foto y muy comodos! me encantaron totalmente conforme con la compra.", "I bought these for my husband for christmas.  He loves them said they are very comfortable.  He is 6'5 and we can't always find his size.  Thank you", "Gud job done.item arrived on time not as expected .I jux went out only to find my package outide. But what if I lost it", "I really love these shoes because I love this brand, color and style.  It is really great for running and walking outside.  It really feels comfortable.  I was thinking get these type of sneakers at Payless Shoe Source, but then I saw these shoes on Amazon.com and decided it was a better deal.  If you need any shoes for running and walking, these are the shoes you need.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone who needs it. I really needed these sneakers because I didn't have any for exercising.", "My son was very happy receiving these shoes for Christmas.  They fit great and were exactly what he had asked for.", "very comfortable and light, beautiful colors and fitts incredidble for your leg and ankle.waiting to do a maraton in them.", "I have been looking for some running shoes for quite a while now, i seen these on amazon i love em!!!!! And when i recieved them i loved them even more. Thank you Amazon!!!!!!!!", "i bought these for my son who is flat footed, they are comfortable and he loved them. they came in a timely manner and it was true to what was discribed.", "My son loves these so much that this is his SECOND pair, identical to the first ones!! Great shoe. Lasted a 12 yr old a year & that's good for him!!!", "Amazon was great in helping put together a great package for my grandson, who in 6th grade is very specific with what is on his feet... He loves these Nike's the color combination got me Grandma Kudo's", "this sneaker has proven to be a winner in our family, it provides good comfort and cushioning and is stylish. price is excellent.", "I'm still running them, and they are stylish enough to put on with regular clothes. They are very good shoes.", "He really likes them. The look is great as well as the comfort. We would by this product again!! Great Buy for the price!!", "excellent shoes, happy my purchase. Carries out other purchase insurance. My nike are comfortableand just the model and color I wanted.", "This is the softest shoe Nike makes and it is insanely comfortable. This shoe was made for $5 in some third world country by some local sweat shop workers pulling in 10 cents a day. It was then shipped to the states where it is marked up to an astronomical amount so that the profits made can fund the Oregon Ducks 300 or so different jersey combinations for their sports teams. But forget about all that because this is about comfort and that is what you get. Nothing beats running on these little Indonesian clouds. Enjoy!", "Very nicely made.  and comfortable.  really dont have twelve more words to say about it, you know ..... its a shoe", "I run about 12 miles a week and have ankle/knee issues.  Slight pronator.  This is my fourth Vomero+ and I just love them.  Appropriate cushioning, light enough and holds ankles in place. Like most Nike's it has a fairly large box so wear fluffy running sox. Size runs true--I usually wear 8 shoes and 81/2 running shoes.  These are no exception.  For those interested, Nike makes this model in narrow and wide too.  I read less glowing reviews on Vomero 7 so hurried to get another 6.  Glad I did.  Price was right, and slightly less than Nike end of product discount.  Free FAST shipping a plus.", "Really like the comfort aspects of this shoe & the support is generally good for either walking or running.  Cute shoe--not too flashy.", "I wear these for kickboxing, gym fitness class, in which we run/jog around the gym. They are fine for that, but sole is a little slippery for the static exercises.", "excelentes. muy comodos y seguros.Los recomiendo ampliamente.desde que los compre quede muy encantada por el dise&ntilde;o y el confort que brindan", "A lot of sneakers nowadays only have about a year or so worth of mileage before they get holes on the back heel and basically have to be replaced. I had a pair of Jordans that lasted maybe 7 months before there was a hole where water from the rain could get in. These sneakers on the other hand are just now starting to wear down in the back and it's barely worn down. I can still see most of the groove and get a good grip where I walk.This is definitely a quality sneaker, and considering I am a size 15, it is probably one of the few nice looking ones in my size.", "I liked it but this one doesn't have the new tag either. But I felt a bit uncomfortable with it.", "The sneakers arrived on time, undamaged and clean. These sneakers fit well and the break in period was short. The are durable and look nice as well.", "a shoe that fits my needs, I can use all the time and I find it very comfortable and versatile", "They say you get what you pay for. Based on the outragest high prices of merchandise these days, i expected too much.The market is out of control with greed.", "The shoes is perfect for a game of basketball or early morning jog. The appearance of this shoe is nice and has a comfortable feel, for the price.", "Muy buenos y sirven para el basket, Gracias!! buenos zapatos eran los que estaba buscandoGracias!! buenos zapatos eran los que estaba buscando", "These shoes run small; I had to get 1 full size larger for them to fit correctly with a regular tube sock. Light, good looking, can't comment on their longevity yet. I am using them for bicycle riding; I have found them to be comfortable for my purpose.", "The shoes shine really well, of good material. The size fits perfectly to the standards as what I had no problems with them. For its relation I boast / quality recommend it extensively", "My sons feet were growing so fast that we couldn't get more than 6 months out of his shoes.  We have had to buy him new baseball shoes every year he played ball, so when I found these shoes I thought they would surely last the season.  Even though these cleats were inexpensive, they have held up as well as any we have purchased before at a much higher price.  He was able to get the size (14)and color he wanted and they felt as comfortable as any of his other shoes.  Yes, he wants new cleats for this season (so they look nice as he gives them no care at all), but I wouldn't hesitate to buy him another pair and we probably will.  I think he will keep his old ones for backup.", "I liked the sneakers very much they are just as expected if you wear these kind of sneakers you know what i mean", "The duffel bag is exactly what I wanted with the exception of the separate compartment for shoes.  It is the reason I purchased the bag, but the description is erronious.  I don't like putting wet or dirty sneakers in with clean clothes and now with this bag I have no choice.If you are going to sell something, make sure your description is accurate.  This one is clearly wrong unless you are a size 2 girl.Very disappointed.", "Let me say that these shoes are really comfortable and it's may favorite shoe for walking around, or working out in the gym (but not on treadmill).  They are easy to put on also and I wear them a lot.But I do enjoy running and these are not the shoes I use for that purpose.  The reason being I feel a very slight sensation that the ground shifts when running, it maybe because of the slits in the sole that gives it the flexibility, plus being a bit high off the ground.  Now I like to land on my forefoot when I run, so someone who lands on his heels may not have any issue with these shoes.One additional thing I think most Nike shoes have is the ability to insert a tracking chip.  On the left shoe there is a small plastic inside compartment for that.  This also makes a slight cracking sound when you walk around.  You don't feel it at all, but you can hear it if you're walking in a very quite place, so you won't be able to sneak up on anyone.", "I purchased these shoes over two years ago and hands down have been one of the BEST pairs of shoes I've ever owned. The reason why I say this, is well because I've taken these shoes on countless runs, hikes, walks, played baseball, basketball, football, fished in them and not only do they clean up well but they are as comfy as the first day I got them.Anyone who plays basketball outdoors will tell you, the shoes you play in will most likely be ruined by the time your done. Well with two seasons that have gone by these things are still holding up.If basketball didn't ruin them, I for sure thought fishing would. I bank fish from time to time and when I do, I walk through a lot of mud and sometimes go in the water. Impressively enough these shoes have been in (literately in the water) 5 different lakes and are still in tact.Once again hands down one of the best shoes I've purchased in my life.", "I knew I wanted these shoes, but unfortunately, I have a hard time finding good shoes because I wear a size 14. Shoes that big aren't easy to find in good shoes.  I went to a shoe store and found these shoes and really wanted them, but they only went up to size 13.  Same thing with Nike's website.  I had almost given up hope, but I found them here in size 14 for the same great price.  The shoes feel great and were shipped quickly.", "Fast shipment..the shoe is just as expected, except for the size. I guess all Nike shoes run small, now I have to exchange for a half size bigger. I would recommend this seller!", "Excelente son muy c&oacute;modos y protegen mucho el pie de torceduras lo recomiendo para el juego de baloncesto suerte &iexcl;&iexcl;", "I bought these shoes for son. He has wide feet and it's hard to find nice name brand shoes in wide. These were great for him. They fit perfect, comfy, and they are great looking.", "Nice looking running shoe,, comfortable to walk in, but not for running. I would recommend this shoe for individuals who want to walk. Didn't like it too much for running.", "I have to wear wide shoes. These shoes fit very comfortably and are great for walking. Shoes also look pretty sharp. They were a buy.", "The products are very good, total qualityThe products are very good, total qualityThe products are very good, total quality", "We went and measured my sons foot and found him to be in a 4E size. I thought it wouldn't be that hard to find a nice shoe in that size.....boy was i wrong!!! Ive looked everywhere for his size shoe that was &#34;his style &#34;. I did find a bunch of new balance shoes but he kept shooting them down. Then I came across these....and he LOVED them! Normally with Nike we go up a half size because they tend to run a little tight, but these are true to size. My son says these are the best fitting and comfy shoes he has had. Plus they got here a day BEFORE they were expected to get sent out! Great buy and great price! Will buy again!!!", "i bought this for a friend who has a damaged spine, ankle problems and a leg brace. After one month wearing them he has felt significantly better his ankles hurt less due to better support, his back also felt much better. He has been wearing them for months now, every day and there is no sign of wear and tear.I would recommend to anyone!", "For a shoe to work out in and to just be active in, the DART is the one.  I couldnt be more satisfied", "Bought these for myself in January, and they take a beating. I'm a big guy who puts a lot of pressure on shoes, and these are some of the most comfortable I've ever owned. Nice arches too, which is a big plus from me. Will definitely purchase a second pair.", "Shoes are always going to be somewhat a combination of preference and physicality. I bought the dart 9 during training for the Philly marathon last fall. Wore them once got a blister... Moved on to my other shoes and used the darts as everyday shoes.  Months later while in philly the day before the race... I noticed I brought two left shoes of my normal runners....not good.I wore the darts that I had been wearing with some stretchy laces I bought at the expo.....  I had no foot pain and have now found my shoe....  Seriously..... Oh the blister was from the new socks I had tried...Finding your shoe is an adventure.", "best fitting shoe by Nike for wide feet...if only they still made this style then I wouldn't have to look at going to another brand", "Fits very well with my foot. Very comfortable and weightless. The color is great. A little lighter shade of purple.", "Unfortunately, Nike has cheapened the quality of their sandals over the past decade.While I continue to search for a pair of ACG style sandals of the samecomfort and quality of 10 - 15 years ago, this product is as close as I have found.Unfortunately, many manufacturers would rather make disposable products,instead of quality products.  And shoes is one just one item wherequality is of utmost importance.", "these are fake if ive ever seen one. i dont even wear these because there is ZERO cushioning in these shoes. i have owned the vomero 3-5 and LOVED them.  THESE SUCK !! SO BAD I CANT TELL YOU !! DID I SAY THEY SUCK??", "The Nike Zoom Vomero has more cushioning than any other shoe in the Nike line -- or, as far as I know, in any other. The most cushioned Asics shoe, for example --  the Gel Nimbus -- doesn't even compare. To get this level of cushioning, though, the Vomero gives up a degree of structure, strength, and durability. This is not a shoe for sports or cross-training; it doesn't support the foot well enough. For running it will be great if your foot doesn't need a more structured shoe but may not last as long as less cushiony runners. But for walking and casual wear, the Vomero is fantastic -- you can't do better.", "True to size...comfortable, soft like running on a cloud...makes you truely enjoy or want to go for runs! Light weight, breathable and fits like a glove!", "This shoes are everything I expect from Nike. I've been wearing Nike for the last eight years and I find them extremely comfortable for every ocassion: you can't even tell you're wearing them!!", "i like the shoe ended up with a different brand though these run a bit big and my foot would slip out when i was running and seemed to agitate my shin splints more. i wear an 8.5 and could have worn a 7.5 in these that's how much room i had. i ended up just selling to a friend she likes them so they don't seem to be horrible shoes they just didn't work out for me.", "I bought these for my boyfriend because he said he'd run with me if I bought him the shoes of his choice. So far he really loves them. He says they're great and super comfy.", "They fit well and appear to be well made.In today's selling market you definitely get what you pay for interms of quality and looks.", "I'm not having the line/cracking problem like the guy above. These are pretty basic looking white Nike's with clean lines. I'm always looking for that classic two toned or mono toned Air Max.", "Bought this for a friend, but i must say that i did receive it on time, wright size and color so no complaints.", "I love these shorts!! I tell anyone who's looking to buy workout gear or just casual wear to spend the extra money and buy the Nike or Jordan wear. The quality is 3 to 4 times better than what you find in the big box stores. Sure you'll pay less for the other product. But because of the workmanship you will see theirs fall apart within weeks. I won't mention stores (WAL). But I've literally had them start to fuzzy up and run stringers through the threads on the initial time I've worn them. I now spend the extra money even though sometimes I just don't want to. But in the end I'm always happy with that decision.", "I'm 5 foot 6, and these medium sized shorts fall below my knee. I know thats how they are designed to fit, but I don't like that look. Simple fix I found was just to roll the waistband over once, then knot the drawstring and good to go. Shorts fall right at the knee and are the perfect width. The drawstrings are capped with a silver jordan cap and are a touch thinner than I would like but these shorts are high quality and I expect them to get a good 5-6 years of use like my last pair.", "shorts de buena calidad cumple mio expectativas buen precio se lo recomiendo a todas las personas que deseen adquirirlo y est&eacute;n con duda", "Love these!  My son is very tall and these were actually long enought for him. Thank goodness.  Great quality as well!", "These people would have you believe and pay for authentic merchandise when it is clearly not. Just feeling the material of the product you can tell it is inferior materials than those used by the original brand. Never trusting this seller.", "Very comfy.  Longer then I expected for a large.  I'm a tall guy at 6'4&#34; and they go past my knees.  These are advertised as court shorts with a shorter cut, but I'm not seeing that.  Nonetheless they are great shorts and would buy them again.", "this shoe is my most favorite to wear where im currently located easy on the legs an feet i declare don't second guess buying these it's a must buy", "i purchased these shoes to go to the gym and do regular work out.  they are extremely comfortable and are very light weight.  cant go wrong with these shoes.  i should have considered another color as the white mesh front of the shoes tends to get dirty faster and its hard to clean.", "This is the best I got from all the purchased items. I found it as expected which is not the case with the other items.", "They fit like a glove!  The 10 year old soccer player loves them.  She wants to wear them everywhere.  The color matches her uniform and she loved the coloring.", "As I was saying; the Nike \"Livestrong \" products I ordered from Amazon, met my expectations and more importantly met the criteria of a very specifically requested gift by a twenty year old. One can never go wrong by checking with Amazon, it never disappoints.", "the shoes look great and hold up well so far.  Ive only had them for a month but I'm a fan.I have wide feet, so the shoes were a bit uncomfortabole for the first week, but once they loosened up a bit they were very comfortable.", "Shoes were perfect.  Nice-looking, good fit, good price.  Beats store prices with a stick.  Will buy again for sure.  OK", "These shoes are comfortable and lightweight love them great purchase. If your looking for a goid running shoe or just a good run around everydsy shoe will work good for both.", "this is my favorite tennis shoe of all time...extra light weight and so comfortable.  the tongue is part of the shoe so it never slides down and is never out of place...absolutely love this shoe...", "These shoes are exactly what they promised to be: cute, comfy, and fun!  I wear them for running, crosstraining, even tennis!", "I love these sneakers , they are so light weight and not gawdy , i have them in a few colors", "I was looking for a lighter sock but with some cushioning for gym workouts&#8230;this appears to be a very nice sock, but it has no cushioning, though it says it does.so if you want a nice cotton sock sort of like Belega running socks but cotton, then fine.but no cushion...", "Great quality! We fight to wear them ! They have great cushion and are worth the price you will pay !", "The item was perfect and exactly what my son was looking for.  Thanks!  It was great and arrived in the nick of time despite my late order!!", "I wanted a basic hoodie that I could wear anytime. This does the trick. Simple design and comfortable. Good deal!", "Fast delivery Good quality a little disappointed with sizing --a little short  in arm length.  Overall smaller than  one previously purchased a few years ago of the same size.", "The sizes were bigger than expected. I should have ordered 1 size smaller than my normal size. The clothing was made in good quality materials.", "This was a Xmas present  for my grandson who loves it  It has been below zero in ME  and he loves the hoodie", "Who doesn't love a nice crisp clean looking top. My husband loves his jacket, fits true to size and nice quality! Great buy, thanks!", "Really nice and fits great...my husband wishes there was other colors because he wants more of them but in different colors.", "Nike's quality lives on in these sandals! They are very comfortable and very affordable. If you want comfort and durability in a pair of sandals. Then, this is it! These sandals are true to size and require little or no time for your feet to adjust to the fit. The Velcro straps are durable and allows for adjustment at your convienience. What's more, is that they are very lightweight. Therefore you can go on long walks and forget that you are wearing them. Based on the aforementioned these are best sandals that I have purchased in years. I would recommend these sandals to my friends in a heartbeat! I believe in Nike's quality and own a number of their products. They are definitely high in quality. You won't be disappointed! Now about the merchant. This seller offers very fast shipping (My Nike sandals were shipped within a  few hours of placing my order) and the customer service was most excellent. My queries were adressed within hours. You don't find this level customer service and efficiency these days. To the merchant, Congratulations! I will purchase from you again. Keep up the good work and continue to maintain your high level of service.", "purchased these as stocking stuffers for our Tribal youth, Alaska is cold they loved that they were warm.  Thank you.", "Can't wear them because I bought them too small, I am usually an 8 but i should have gotten an 8.5. With that said this is a classic shoe, and if you want to try it on before you buy it, head down to your nearest Olympia sports and ask for a pair of 1972 nike cortez's.", "I express the deception that I have made to sell me an item I can not use and was not the size I ordered making me lose my money.", "we brought thes for a male friend he runs a lot dose about 20to 30 kms a week  as had no probles with them at all", "look super cute, and feel awesome to jogg in. only thing is that shipper didnt describe it would take about two weeks to recieve.", "I thought the knee area would be more compressed or something to explain the different material, but nope, nothing unique about them, just a different material. Can't explain why, it just is.  I don't understand what makes these running tights as I didn't feel any different compression compared to my other tights, hence the 3 stars.  They're nothing special, just regular ol' black tights with a thin, white reflection stripe on the side.", "Love my Nike Nutmeg backpack. Although it says medium size, it's quite spacious. It fits all of my track practice items. It also has convenient small compartments for your headphones, water bottles, anything! Really loving it. And for under $40, it was a steal!", "Exactly what You expectMedium sized , slick look , great comfortI recommend it to a highschool guy athlete", "Very nice soccer backpack for my 6 yr old grandson. He loved it. Very well made and would recommend it to any soccer player.", "I picked this bag for my 14 yr old who is very active in sports. He was highly pleased with the bookbag, he uses it everyday & it is very durable.", "Gave this to my nephew for Christmas.  He loves it.  It is a bag made to hold soccer ball and other equipment - shoes, etc.  Shipping was quick and efficient.", "We use this bag as a baby bag. It is big and spacious from the inside. Has many pockets for carrying food, shoes etc. we absolutely love it", "top quality I purchase this item for  my son  and  he loves it. He  can fit  everything  is  it from his  sneakers,  his  book, ipod and  etc.", "Its NIKE...what do you expect? Bag is plenty large enough for a school backpack. Would definitely buy again! Thank you", "This was a Christmas gift for our granddaughter and she loved this. I was happy with the price and how fast it shipped.", "This backpack still looks brand new and my son has carried it for the first half of his Middle School year! Love the color and the size, perfect!", "Not for a teenage boy!  It is mor of a sports back back.  It has a huge storage place for a ball and side slots for shoes.  Not at all good for school books!  My 14 year old grandson hated it!  It is probably okay for a small child that plays sports but at 14 it is time to be serious and study books!", "excellent product and very comfortable shoes came in as expected, really comfortable for jogging and running, love the product good good", "This was the a great gift that I gave my husband for christmas a 1 year ago. ''He said, that htey are so comforbable shoes that he has ever wear''.", "My son loves Jordans. Although I need a second job to provide them (joke) I will always support the brand.", "My wife orders this pair of shoes and they are absolutely georgeuos and pretty comfortable, sadly the pictures and description dont represent the quality or the look of the sneakers, i recommend it totally!", "These shoes are very very beatiful, really nice. Amazon picture is too much dark. This Nike model is amazing to watch and to wear. For me is the best design that I have", "I did not give these a 5 because they are not comfortable when standing/walking for an extended period of time. But they are stylish and get lots of compliments.", "These sneakers would have been awesome if they sent the size I ordered.  I wish I could find them somewhere else, they are so cute!", "Love these shoes - bought the same style in another color too!!  Will be watching for good deals on additional colors.", "My daughter is a nurse and on her feet for long hours and these are the only shoes she wants. I buy her a pair of shoxs every year in Dec. The boy shoxs fit her and they are cheaper than adults.", "Great fit, solid shoes, the kind Nike isnknown for. Old school look, great quality and solid. I recommend and would buy again", "these shoes bring it back to HS. AF1z still the s***. Am gunna buy another pair very soon in black.", "Very comfy. Would definitely order again. My boyfriend uses them all the time, he recently broke both heel bones in his feet and now he is starting to walk again and he uses these sneakers all the time. He says they are very comfy.", "I love them and have owned these kinds of sneakers for 20 plus years....they are GREAT and recommend them to all!!!!!", "Nike Air Pegasus+ 28 Running Shoe - Women'sSee my complete running shoe commentary at [...]Unless you're living under a rock, you've probably heard of barefoot running.  There are lots of folks running... I mean walking around in shoes made for barefoot running.  This screams marketing scheme to me.  But behind every fad is an inkling of reason.After reading up on this barefoot running trend, I've learned that our shoes are the villains behind many of our body's ailments. The cushy shoes we all know and love have weakened our feet, causing minor shifts in how our body works and changes in our natural gait.  This can lead to shifts in pressure and possibly pain. I'm sure I just drastically over-simplified a physiological issue, so please forgive.If you stopped reading now, you'd probably think I was all about barefoot running.  If so, then you, my friend, don't know me.  I do nothing trendy.  I'm classic all the way.  So I had to go with a classic running shoe.  That would be the Nike Pegasus.  This shoe has been around for decades and hardly anything has changed. And why should it?  Our feet haven't changed.  Why should our shoes have to?  The designers of this shoe have known for decades what the rest of the world is just now figuring out: too much of a good thing is not a good thing.", "I love the shoe itself but when I tried to order this particular color I was told it was not available and had to get a different color. I really hate when people advertise that they have a product when in fact they don't.", "I bought these before a solid decade of running two miles a day. I put miles and miles and miles on these shoes. As a daily runner, I had to have back up shoes and got other brands. Other Nikes. No other shoe has ever compared and I'm so glad to find my old Pegasus's again since that first pair I got finally had to be taken out back and shot due to old age.Incidentally, the reason I first got them is because I had two weeks to train for the cop test and asked a sales person \"Do you have...MAGIC sneakers?\" and these are what they recommended.The. Best. Shoe. EVER.", "can't beat the reliable Nike Pegasus for comfort and fit; stores do not carry these as they sell out; luckily Amamzon had it. True fit.", "I have been running on Nike Pegasus for 10 years--each time I buy new running shoes, I buy these.  They have become even more lightweight in recent years and continue to have excellent stability, cushion, and durability.  I have used them to train for both mid-distance (5k's) and long (marathons).  Highly recommended.They're typically $90 in store and rarely go on sale, so this price is fairly average.", "I am using these shows to train for a marathon. It is lightweight enough for some basic speed workouts but provides enough cushioning for those long runs as well. I really recommend these shoes.", "A real \"step up\" after years of using basic running shoes.  Light, cushiony feel seems to help plantar fasciitis.  Also better than the basic shoes, I think, for my new effort to run further forward on my foot.", "Grandson needed some new running shoes for track and cross country training.  Traced thes as a great pair and they have met all his expectations.  Arrived as ordered, on time and in excellent condition.", "Fit perfectly! Exactly like the pictures! Very cool! I love them! And it's cheap too! Very good product. I recommend it!", "I'm a long-time Nike shoe fan and thought these were just the thing to add to my collection.  Wore them for a 3 mile walk on the treadmill and noticed blisters on both heels, but very high up on the back of my achiles tendons. Fluke, I thought.  Put them aside and wore my others for a while.  When the blisters healed, I tried again.  Shorter walk this time, and ended up BLEEDING through my socks onto the shoe!  My bad, it's what I get for buying on the web without trying them on first locally.None of my other shoes do this, so it's just my bad luck.  Thing is, the heel cup does seem to come up higher on the back of my foot to the achiles tendon.Off to Runner's World I go.... sorry Amazon.", "I got these shoes initially because they are the ones recommended on the race/power walking web sites.  (The soles of 'regular' sports shoes are not formed to accomodate the rolling foot motion needed in race walking.)I'll have to say these are some of the most comfortable shoes I've found!You can't tell it in the picture, but in the heel/sole of this shoe there are little spongey 'thingys' that cushion your steps, making walking on a hard surface, such as asphalt, more comfortable.In addition to that, the heel portion of the sole is shaped so that when trying to race walk, the 'roll' of the foot needed for proper form in race walking is easier to accomplish.So - race walking aside, these shoes are quite comfortable and I'm glad I got them!", "It's a good looking shoe if you want a bulky sneaker. It's all white which I wanted but not super comfy.", "Elderly family member tried these on in a department store before buying. Very, very comfortable for her- her first pair of walking/athletic shoes in her life! Fits narrow feet very well, runs true to size.", "These shoes are my favorite everyday shoe.  I have gone through 3 pairs within a few years and they hold up exceptionally well.  They have seen me through everything from the gym to the amusement parks with no blisters or leg/feet problems.", "Our 9-yr old boy has been playing soccer in his school team for about 5 years now. In that time he has come a long way about passing and shooting, and scored a few goals.As kids grow so fast, we keep shopping for soccer gear all year round: shorts, shirts, shingle guards, socks, and of course, shoes.These shoes appealed to our kid, since he's had many Nike before, and the Mercurials are still in high demand for their looks comfort, and performance features.These shoes are last year's model, so Amazon sold them at some discount, which made them worth buying for us, for they-re still up to this year's standards and style, just in a different color combination. IOur 9-yr old boy has been playing soccer in his school team for about 5 years now. In that time he has come a long way about passing and shooting, and scored a few goals.As kids grow so fast, we keep shopping for soccer gear all year round: shorts, shirts, shingle guards, socks, and of course, shoes.These shoes appealed to our kid, since he's had many Nike before, and the Mercurials are still in high demand for their looks comfort, and performance features.These shoes are last year's model, so Amazon sold them at some discount, which made them worth buying for us, for they-re still up to this year's standards and style, just in a different color combination. I enjoy very much the fact that these shoes are very visible from the distance, so when I go to watch my kid in a soccer match, I can tell him from other kids from really far.All things considered, our kid will likely outgrow these shoes before they're worn beyond usability, but he'll enjoy top performing shoes for another six months or so, and we'll enjoy saving ourselves some money for the next ones.Amazon delivered these shoes really fast, even though we used the free supersaver shipping. That makes for another extra good deal. Good going, Amazon,!All things considered, our kid will likely outgrow these shoes before they're worn beyond usability, but he'll enjoy top performing shoes for another six months or so, and we'll enjoy saving ourselves some money for the next ones.Amazon delivered these shoes really fast, even though we used the free supersaver shipping. That makes for another extra good deal. Good going, Amazon,!", "Ordered theses for my son and he was very much satisfied w/ my purchase. He keep asking for the high top but you guys didn't carry them. They where also a lot cheaper than going to foot locker.", "Nike Structures are a stability shoe and best suited for those with pronation issues that cause things like PF. After a year off running because of an improperly fitted neutral shoe and resulting Plantar Fasciitis, my PT recommended this model and I have been running in it ever since. I have found that some of Nike's shoes are fashion only, but this is a performance shoe that will be great for you if you are a middle distance runner with a tendency to over pronate. I should say that I also removed the foot bed and inserted a more supportive one by Super Feet.", "yes, it's totally \"out there\" and massively fuchsia...but i get nothing but compliments!regardless...that is NOT why i love them.it is because nike has, once again, gotten the structure thing right!my foot feels like it's \"home\" when i wear these, which is every day.if you find your size, get it twice, because you'll be wishing you had when they start to wear out!", "I just ordered these and got them in the mail, they fit perfect and i LOVE the colors!! I haven't ran in them yet but I know they will be great!!", "Gave as gift, but my daughter plays basketball and swears by them. They were a little more expensive, but should last a lot longer.", "excelente producto de muy buena calidad, el vendedor es muy puntual y responsable al momento de la entrega, lo recomiendo ampliamente, saludos desde venezuela", "This particular model/year fits me and feels great. It's designed/preferred by fatter people, I'm 160 6'3&#34; and I like it cause I run Ultra Marathons so all that extra padding and shock keeps my feet comfy. If your looking at this then you already know you like it so yea, get em while they last.", "de excelente calidad, muy bonitas, son muy comodas, me encantan... las recomiendo altamente, el envio fue rapido, y el precio muy bueno", "This is my favorite shoe.  It fits well, has good support and does very well when I work out at the gym.  Good shoe!", "Bought these for my daughter-in-law and she loved them.  Very nice product and was shipped very quickly. More than met expectations.", "super comfortable, love them! The fit is great and they don't make your feet look big, this is my second pair and I will keep buying them!!", "Muy bueno el producto, original , de calidad y muy buena eficiencia a la hora de entregarlo , muy puntuales", "are excellent shoes, nike congratulate the company for putting this wonderful model sale of footwear. many thanks, greetings from Caracas Venezuela.", "This shoe fits very well and is extremely light weight.  The look is clean.  I have used this shoe at the gym for the past week and have had no issues.", "I love this shoes and would buy again from buyer.I would recomend this buyer to my friends and family.I loved it", "Excelente estos zapatos, c&oacute;modos y frescos. Son perfectos para las personas que tienen que caminar horas durante el d&iacute;a. .", "These shoes are comfortable and are exactly what I wanted at the perfect price.  I received them fast and the packaging was perfect.", "They fit great true to size but would recommend going a size up if your wearing thick socks with them.", "LOVE these shoes!  Comfortable, great fit.I use for power walking, and casual wear as well.Support is great. Highly recommend!", "I walk about 4 miles a day.  This shoe has great support and offers balance.  Nothing is going to ever be perfect for me because of my own personal &#34;foot&#34; issues...but these shoes do the job as well as can be expected.", "Gotten compliments but best of all they for perfect look great and are wicked comfortable! They go with any workout gear, honestly!", "These shoes are just what I wanted.  Light weight, comfortable and perfect for the exercise I do.  I don't run but do cardio workouts and zumba.  I plan to do a lot of walking in them on our vacation. They are roomy enough for my orthodics  and the inner sole comes out with ease.", "Compr&eacute; estos zapatos para regalo de un familiar. Los colores son muy bnitos e inteson y de acuerdo a la opini&oacute;n de quien los usa son muy c&oacute;modas y confortables. Los recomiendo.", "This is a cute bag but way to small. If you return it they charge you 15% for a restocking fee in which I dislike also.", "My sons both wanted bags for basketball season.  These bags are a perfect size to fit their basketball shoes, a basketball, change of clothes or hoodie, water bottle and snack.  Well made bag.", "My 7 year old wanted this for Christmas and I love that its a good size for him and I love the colors.", "My daughter plays jv basketball. This bag is perfect for carrying all her stuff. She normally takes a pair of slides, her basketball shoes, her warm up suit, her uniform and some personal hygeine type items. Their is plenty of room in this bag for extra items that she carries from time to time....her practice uniform and her varsity uniforms as well. Great bag and great price.", "this was a christmas gift for my husband and he is happy with it is his gym bag, it's worth it.", "love the spaceexcellent support strap for shoulderlove the colorwould definitely use this duffel bag at the gym", "Perfect size and feels durable.  16 year old son uses it daily to carry gym gear to and from school. He likes it a lot more compared to the large", "i love this bag. one of the best purchases i could have made. i use it for my gym and track things. its great to but a pair of shoes a change of clothes and some snacks and drinks as well. also works great for an over night bag. I definitly recommend this bag.", "Good product but my daughter uses it so I am not sure how it is lasting.  She liked it though so I give it a thumbs up.", "Perfect all around bag for my daughter... from the gym, to an overnight stay with Grandma. She can fit everything in the bag and loves the color!", "Perfect for shoes and extra set of clothes. This item is much bigger than expected. Plenty of room and I love it.", "I was looking for a duffel bag that would be perfect for my brother for Christmas! It is perfect for him to carry to the gym and on trips! Very happy with this purchase!", "my son uses it for sports. he uses it for short trips and when necessary...he likes it...he does...yep yep yep", "I absolutely love these bags. I am a mobile massage therapist, and this bag is the perfect size for carrying everything I need. This bag is also perfectly sized to be a carry-on item for most airlines (I avoid checking luggage whenever possible). The only thing I don't like about the new design is that only one of the side compartments zips closed; the other has a small velcro tab, but is otherwise an open pocket. This is great as far as easy access to that pocket goes, but I prefer the security that comes from being able to zip it shut.", "Just the right size.  We had to wait a LONG time for it to arrive, but it was worth it.  The larger bag would have been too big!", "Perfect gym bag. Had excellent shipping speed, and the bag is of really great quality. I can fit everything I need in there and then some!", "Bought this to replace my husband's enormous gym bag that took up all kinds of room and was falling apart. He uses it for going to play basketball. He really likes it. I think he was surprised how much he could fit in it.", "It was as expected. It is the right size for my daughter. it seems to be well put together. We shall see if it will hold to to the stresses of being a bag for a 5th grade pee wee bball player", "I bought a small Nike Brasilia 5 bag from ebags Inc in TN. It has compartments to keep items separated and and lets me find them quickly when needed. It is a light weight bag, a nice varsity royal color with a adjustable shoulder strap around the shoulder. It could be a perfect bag for my daily workout and deserve a maximum rate.However, its online product dimensions are not correct as advertised. They should be 9.5X18X10 instead of 10X21X10. Brefly, The bag is smaller than expected. As I need more room for my daily swimming items, I probably put aside this bag and buy a bigger one. What a waste of money this time Hmm! I give only 3 star rate only. Sorry!Amazon Please adjust your descriptions of this item and eventually similar bigger Nike Brasilia 5 bags.", "I HOPPE MORE RESISTANCE MATERIAL , AND THE BELT IS VERY THIN AND THE OPAQUE COLOR IS NOT IN THE OFFER", "I purchased the small size but has pretty decent space considering. I fitted a 15 inch laptop with a basketball. Only issue to some may be the strap. The strap doesn't have a shoulder cushion and it will get uncomfortable over time, especially if you have are carrying a heavy load.", "I wanted to let you know that I was very please with the small duffle I purchase on your site.  I love to shop Amazon, because you make it so easy to navigate and find just what I'm looking for.  Your Amazon site is my favorite place to shop for quality items at a good price.  Thank you also for your expedience with shipping as well.Sincerely,Sharon Jonesurmn_4ver@yahoo.com", "the size of this bag is perfect for a trip to the gym or overnight trips.  plenty of room for basic essentials and some extra stuff too.  great quality and has vented pockets for wet or stinky shoes.  thougthfullness in this design makes it a great buy", "it was a gift for my daughter, i buy nike products all the time i like there duribility.  I didnt compare to any other product, i like nikeshape", "This bag is helpful.I use it for work. I wish there were more pockets though. It only has one big pocket on the side.  Im getting great use of it though. The long strap is nice.", "I bought this bag for my 11 year old son to carry his basketball stuff in to games. This bag is very roomy, it's big enough to fit a regular sized basketball, water bottle and a pair of tennis shoes. It's well built and it looks nice, I would recommend it!", "nice, excellent price.  this is for my 16 years old son, to use for gym. his is so happy . thanks", "Fake Nike canvas shoes. Does not come in original box. You can see where another brand logo was inside the shoe. It was poorly scraped off.  Dont buy shoes off of the internet! Especially from HERE......", "No complaints at all. I like the shade of blue that this pair of Jordans is. It goes great with a lot more than most blue shoes I'd say, at least out of my collection. Overall pleasant experience with vendor. Shipped and received on time and in perfect condition for both the shoes and the original box they came in.", "I have quite a few shoes in my collection so I've only worn these once or maybe twice since buying them months ago. I lile them however. The grey color has almost an olive green tint to it. Both shoes and original box arrived in perfect condition. Shipped and received on time.", "Toes will be suffering especially the pinky. they seem to have cement on the inside. Not good at all for lateral movements especially. I don't know how KD wears these, he must have a custom pair yet these they sell in stores will tear up you feet.", "Love the shoes, brand new, works great and the shipping and everything else was perfect, I enjoy using this product and recommend it.", "Excellent, Nike is Nike, no doubt about it, easy on the feet, looks great and will continue to buy this brand", "I must say that these are my favorite pair of shoes, I wear them all the time!  And they came earlier than specified!", "this shoes are pretty cool and durable, i use them almost everyday to run and they are really comfortables. i really like them.", "excellent shoes, i ordered them for one of my uncles and he loved the gift. great quality great price, you should get one if you are looking for something comfortable.", "They are very comfy and also stylish at the same time! I am on my feet all night at work and these air max keep my feet happy!", "These are even nicer in person. The information on the page does not do these shoes justice. These are so well made and are so much cheaper than going to a shoe store and purchasing a pair of Nikes. These run true to size and they will not disappoint.", "Nike went above and beyond with these shoes for the KING Lebron...they are extremely comfy and fit like a glove, true to size, great support for your arch and ankles, can't lie even better than almost all Jordans out there....love these shoes and just like Michael Jordan said back in 2003...Lebron's shoes will top mine because he is the future!!! Highly recommended to any True baller or sneakerhead in the world!!!", "these are great beach shoes and they were received in time without damage but the green was brighter than expected", "Exactly what I wanted. The peach was a tad lighter than expected, but still within the color peach description. No complaints", "Fast service and comfortable shoes - good price.  The first time I ordered, I received wrong size, but I was not pleased but they fit my daughter and she likes them.", "The shoes fitted well but it began to tear apart very fast and for the price I paid for a toddler shoe you would expect a little wear out of them.", "I bought these shoes about 4 months ago and absolutely love them. They are extremely comfortable and I receive a lot of comments about how great they look. Great shoes!", "Great socks!  Comfortable.  High quality. Better than most others I have had.  You have to buy a really good pair just once to appreciate the difference in cheap/poor quality vs a moderately prices/high quality. A+", "they ware like iron and are very cozy perfect fit and nike doesnt make anything bad so these are great socks", "These had better stand up to use. I hope they were really made in the USA. They feel good. But they did arrive in no packaging. Which is kinda weird. I'll have to find them in a brickandmortar to check them out.", "It's very beautiful and I feel comfortable and warm when I wear it. I wear it when I play basketball.", "These socks come in a plain plastic bag with no tags and no wrapping. Almost as if someone took apart a six-pack and just mailed them out. They do not have the Nike branding on the inside of the upper part of the sock. They are looser-fitting than actual Nike socks and tend to slip down to the toe while wearing.Bottom line: pay the extra $5 and get the authentic product from a Nike retail or outlet store.", "I am a men's size 11 and feel like these are too small - not way off but not quite right both in length and tightness.  Quality is good and they breath well, but just didn't fit well enough for those qualities to carry the day.", "I HAVE WORN NIKE SOCKS FOR MANY YEARS AND I CAN TELL YOU THEY ARE BETTER THAN EVER. I RECOMMEND THEM FOR ALL OF YOU WHO LIKE SPORTS.", "Not WigWam's or Thorlos, but fine. These are the four teen more words the review requires.  What a system. Boy.", "I bought these socks for my sons.  Good quality and the price was good also.  I know from past experience with these socks that they last.", "Cant anyone size anything right? Says made in USA.  Why does size 15 always feel like a size 10 package clearly says sizes 12-15. Maybe it will fit a 14 ok or 13 but 15 you need a shoe horn to put on a sock.Not going to waste more time and money to send back. Give to my kids who are a size 10.", "Description was very vague. No sizes & sent like a six pack broken up. . . I cannot give this to someone as a gift. Ok if you want three pair of socks in a bag. They are legit Nike socks. Very quick shipment. So, there are pro's & cons. . . Just won't fit the teenager I was buying for", "3 \"Pack\"!! that's a joke.  These socks came loose, no packaging at all not even a plastic bag and looked like they should have been for sale at a flea market for 50 cents a pair.  Will definately be returning them.", "Although price above the $14.00 retail suggested price, they were send with free shipping which makes a difference. The 3 pair of socks are nice and thick and of true NIKE quality and will be ,long lasting and comfortable which is most important to me when purchasing socks.", "Sock size to shoe size in accurate. Socks are to small, waste of money, but good quality. Will give them away to a child.", "After a few misses with cheaply made socks, these Nike socks are nice and thick and will hopefully last a lot longer than other brands *cough* Asics *cough*. I guess with some things you definitely still get what you pay for, no more going cheap on socks for me!", "For some reason I am a moisture wicking sock lover, not for foot sweat but for my annoyance with pure cotton or wool socks. I have a few of these three packs and I wear them most of the time. So far they have managed to stay white for over 8 months and they are very comfortable for daily use.", "I liked this shoe. Broke my leg over a year ago and my poor old Nikes carried me a long way. The dr about to do surgery on me suggested I wear shoes like that with the broad base and air for stability and extra comfort.", "Perfect for our 11 yr old and carrying all of his basketball gear.  Helps keep him very organized and doesn't lose or forget things!", "This bag seems to be holding up very well.  We bought 2 for my children's karate sparring gear and related equipment, etc.  The older bag they had fell apart fairly quickly.  These are holding up nicely and large enough to accomodate everything they have and more.", "Very durable bag and looks great. I needed something to quickly throw clothes in for short road trips and was easy to sling over my shoulder for on the go. I've used it quite a bit and it still looks just like new and gets the job done.", "This bag is large enough for my basketball, uniform, shoes, and I still have room left over. The straps are well sewn.", "I thought it was a good price and decided to give it a try.. it was much better than what I expected. :) I love it.", "Bag is good quality but much bigger than expected.  My Son uses this for wrestling and usually has a change of clothes and a second set of gym gear.  I ended up purchasing the medium bag which he likes much better.", "I definitely love this color and bag design. I know my sister's going to like it as my early christmas gift to her.", "Awesome bag. Durable and versatile. Easy to clean. Also I have used it on about 3 long trip and no damage. Airplane  train and car travel", "My 14 year old grandson loves it.  He is in to alot of sports so it is very versatile and roomy.", "It is the perfect size. Wish it had more compartments, and more color selection, but I do recommend it for gym regulars.", "I picked this bag out specifically because it was purple. It is much bigger than I expected it to be, but that was actually a good thing considering the reason I needed a new gym bag to begin with is because the Adidas bag I had was much smaller and started falling apart after about a year from overstuffing it!", "I purchased this bag to carry clothes and gear when I was in physical therapy after a bicycle accident. It holds all my clothes and gear with room to spare and is built to last.  For my purpose it is just the right size.  Highly recommended.", "seems thin but is holding up well and holds all his gear including the size 13s  not a bad buy", "Excellent price for a top of the line bag. Great for the gym, travel and what ever else. Has become my man purse loaded with extra shoes , protein shakes, snacks etc. Love it!", "Nice bag... Just got the wrong size.  A little bigger than what I wanted.  But overall happy with style and quality", "This bag is pretty tough and large enough for a full change of clothes and a basketball.  It's very popular on my son's basketball team.", "It could provide an additional compartment or two to separate items on inside or outside and perhaps a good shoe barn", "This is a great bag. I couldn't have bought one like this anywhere else. It is perfect for carrying my child's gym equipment. She loves the color.", "Perfect size for basketball practice and overnight trips.  It can hold a basketball, a pair of shoes, and a waterbottle easily.", "Looks just like the photo and a great size duffel bag, could easily fit clothes shoes and other articles. Loved the price and quality as well. Pretty bright red!", "I would almost classify this as an X-Large bag.  This thing is very durable but also very big.  Was expecting to use for everyday practice ended up only using it for long travel games.", "The color purple of this bag is not deep enough for soccer boys to be carrying around without comments. It shouldn't be advertised as an adult unisex bag.", "I purchased this for my son in law and he loved it.  It was everything as detailed when I purchased it.", "I ordered this bag for my boyfriend for Christmas! He needed a big bag for all his workout gear and supplements. He practically lives out of it! Awesome purchase!! Very big duffle bag and fits plenty of stuff.", "grandson asked for it and loves it - enough said.  was out of stock but shipped as soon as it cme in.", "Bag has held up well after a year of constant use & abuse. Zipper & handles are still intact (and that's more than I'd expected for the price) even after 3 different sporting season's abuse by our teenager. This bag might make it to be a hand-me-down!", "i guess it was just a large sports bag and it works for basketball and gym and all those other things.", "Great bag for all ages, but especially students on the run.  Very happy to see the shoulder strap padded.  Good job Nike, I am sure this bag will get lots of use.", "The duffel bag holds all of my husband's gym stuff and is very sturdy. Both of my teenagers have this same bag and have not had any issues with the bag holding up, and they throw it around all the time like typical teenagers.  lol", "My son loves this bag.  Big enough to hold all his gear, but not so big that it's hard to lug around.", "Was a little bit smaller than I thought it was going to be but it is a sturdy bag and it has worked great for what I needed it for", "First, this is a great bag. No complaints.  Second, don't listen to those telling you this thing is small.  Barely fits into standard compact locker.  If you are looking for a bag to hold 20 pounds of gear, this is for you, if you have underwear, running shoes, shirts, sweatpants, towel and deodorant, then MOST definitely go to the same bag 1 size down (The SMALL Size)", "Excellent Quality for the price!  The bag is very sturdy, and well made.  I would recomend it to others!  Just what I was looking for!", "Well designed product, arrived within a few days and well priced. Product was shipped as described, I look forward to future purchases.", "Exelente producto, cumpli&oacute; con mis espectativas, el tiempo de entrega fue el acordado.Los producto nike siempre con buena calidad de acabados.", "Use it for coaching tennis. Inside pocket is good. the zipper sides are good too. Good quality and good price.", "Very happy with the product all around, holds a surprising amount of gear despite its seemingly small size.  Seems to be very durable so far, and has many separate little holding areas for various bits of gear.", "Great bag for the price.  Price was less then purchasing in the store. Holds all of my sons sproting equipment nicely", "My daughter is a star athlete & she loves this bag!  This bag holds just about anything she can think of.  It's a quality product sold at a fair price & was delivered in a short amount of time.  Thumbs up all around on this bag, homies!", "a little high priced for  what it is nothing special not any more quality than a cheaper bag from a competitor", "I love the bag and it is as described. However I have used the adidas duffel bags from the friend and those definitely felt a little bit more tougher and durable than this one. So I did consider them a better purchase even if they are a little more expensive.But this bag definitely looks a lot nicer. Is durable enough and since I bascially bought it as a laundry bag or long weekend trips it should hold me good.", "It's big. It's light. The only thing that was disappointing is that I ordered a red/black bag. We received a blue/black bag. Still a great bag.", "Nice bag with lots of room.  3 compartments are convenient, shoulder strap is comfortable.  I love the Blue and Black together.", "Purchased this duffel bag for my son who loves Nike. He uses it as a basketball bag. It can hold all his stuff and then some.It is the perfect size. Has pockets on each side to carry extra stuff. He loves it.", "Came at a great time and the durability is outstanding. i bought this for my husband since he needed a new gym bag. He said it was perfect, and a great size.", "I got this bag for a friend at the gym who has never had a gym bag and he loves it!", "Perfect for daughters needs...she can fit all of her stuff in here while traveling. It is made good and is very durable.", "This bag is awesome.! I was looking for a larger duffle bag since my 24\" wasn't holding everything I needed. I had ordered the coldwater one for 14.99, but it smelled like a shower curtain liner for over a week. Back it went! After that I was afraid to order online because of the smell issue. I found a small sports store by my house and they had this one in stock. NO SMELL!!!  Big and roomy to boot. On each end the have zippered compartments which are good for shoes or wet towels. The handles are padded which is really nice. The bag is light to carry but seems very durable. Yes it was a lot more than the other one I ordered but totally worth every penny. Better quality construction, padding, compartments, and NO SMELL!!!!", "This is a great bag.  The only reason I didn't give it a five is because I would like a front outside pocket.  Other than that it is a great bag.  It fits in the locker easly and the zippers open smoothly. Room in this bag is not a problem. When i go to the gym I pack a towel, a sweat towel, shoes, jeans, shirt, underwear, swimming gear, shower gear, two water bottels (blender shaker type), flip flops and there is still room.  If you are looking for a gym bag this is one you should consider.", "Great sized gym bag. Fits my boots, uniform, towel, and lunch making trips to work easier. It is also very lightweight and dries off quickly. The only change I would make, if I could, would be adding a couple more small pockets for things like keys, wallet, cellphone etc. There is one pocket, but it only has a velco closure.", "My son loves this bag. It is much larger than we thought, which we love.  He carries his sneakers, basketball, extra clothes, a towel his uniform and extra clothes around in this bag.  The seams and straps are very well sewn. I strongly recommend this bag to athletes and light travelers.", "Bigger than i thought it was, and it protects everything i bring on a trip. its a tough bag. you should get one :)", "comfortable grip, very nice color, big enough, item as described, good quiality and i would buy it again in case i need it without a doubt.", "My Grandson loves everything Nike so this was the perfect gift. He loves it. I think it's a nice heavy duty bag.", "Liked quality and size to go club with kids, not too big for short traveling for example. Arrived on time. All experience was ok", "I travel to the Philippines from the US a few times a year.  After dealing with different airline policies regarding the size/weight of carry on bags they allow I decided to try to find a simple very light weight solution that would be acceptable to all the different airlines both international and domestic in the US and the Philippines.  The worst weight I was allowed by an airline for a carry on bag has been 11 pounds and the best has been around 40 pounds.  I personally have traveled to Asia so many times that the 11 pounds is not a problem as long as I can find a light weight bag to use.  I was successful in packing the following inside this bag:  2 cargo shorts, 2 shirts, 3 pair underwear, 2 belts, 2 pair eyeglasses, quart hygiene bag with hygiene items, alarm clock, 2 cell phones, digital camera w/case, Google Nexus 7 Tablet, full size folder w/all travel paperwork, passport w/case, Kindle E-reader, Mp3 player w/ear-buds. This bag weight less then 1 pound and the weight of everything I listed here plus the bag total was about 10.3 pounds. It is possible for any bag to have a zipper failure or a tear but I have used this bag for 2 trips of over 36,000 miles on 10 different airlines and it still looks as good as it did when it was brand new.  I would think that the bag might get more \"wear and tear\" being used as a gym bag then it does as a carry on.  I am always very careful with my carry on bags and for the price I don't think you can go wrong with this when using it for \"light travel\" on an airline.  I have used name brand luggage costing over 10 times as much that has not worked out as well on my trips as this bag has.", "The size is perfect for just a pair of gym shoes and a change of clothes. The only issue is that the zipper for the small pouch is broken at one end, so I can never close it fully.", "I bought it for a secret Santa  gift exchange. The recipient was very happy with the item. Size is average and design is nice.", "Quick shipping.  Nice size bag. I ordered this for my daughter to use for cheerleading.  The bag is the right size for teen not big and bulky", "Received my Nike Duffel bag.  So cute.  It's just the right size for my work out gear.  Love the color.  Shipping was PRONTO!  Thinking about getting it in another color.  I love the front zip storage for misc. items.  Great selection.  If you exercise and go to they gym this is a great little fashion statement.", "However too small - excellent product.  We will purchase the next size up next time. Quality of product was as expected - classy and sturdy for a 16 year old.", "I ordered this item to serve as my gym bag to hold my sneakers, socks, shorts, T-shirt, watch, iPod, and possibly a magazine. When I received this bag via US Mail (which arrived several days early), I was surprised to find it to be smaller than expected. For my needs it should be ok, but I was expecting something about 15% larger. Also, there's only one side pocket on the outside and a small interior velcro-ed pouch on the inside. The shoulder strap is sewn on the bag, so it isn't removable. The bag does have a small meshed window on one end for ventilation which is nice.So if you need a very small bag for a minimal number of items to take to the gym, this bag will do.", "Beautiful, vibrant color. Sturdy bag. My daughter uses it for all her heavy books for school. Great quality and not a ginormous bulky gym duffle bag. Perfect for women.", "My wife and I were looking for a small bag to take to the gym. I just got this bag and I'm going to order another for her. Its the perfect size for us. I can fit my shoes, belt, shower bag and underclothes comfortably with plenty of room left over. It has some form to so its easy to pack/unpack. One note the material seems a little light weight so I'm not sure how it will hold up, but so far I think its perfect!!", "The product is far too small to be useful for anything except maybe carrying a pair of shorts, a shirt, and some flip flops. However, if that is what you want, it is high quality.", "Was the perfect color and brand for my grand daughter and the price was great. Fast shipment great overall communication", "I'm stunned at out how incredibly cheaply this bag is made. The fabric is uber thin, the stitching done badly (strings hanging off, seams don't quite line up, cheesy shoulder strap). And it REEKS of chemicals. But the style is the perfect size and shape for my workout needs. :-(  A shame, I wish it was strong enough to be my permanent bag, but it will clearly be something to tide me over till I find something that's not going to rip.", "Muy buen material, la atenci&oacute;n fue muy buena, el tiempo estimado para la llegada del bolso fue el indicado rapido", "Have no complaints over this small bag, very cute. It actually holds more than I expected. Would recommend it, and would buy again", "I needed a bag for various work items.  Cellphone, radio, chargers... ect.  This bag was perfect as most gym/duffel bags are too big.  My only complaint is the lack out extra pockets.  I would like some smaller pockets for pens and small items that seem to get lost in the one large pocket.  But I guess with a smaller bag, there are going to be some inherent drawbacks.", "Terrific soccer bag for my 7 year old. She used it for every opractice and every game this season. Holds a whole lot of little girl stuff!", "Strong enough, well made, big enough. I bought it as a B-day gift for my wife, and she loved it.", "I had ordered this same duffel bag in a different color for myself and I loved it so I also ordered one for my husband in black.  It is the perfect size for everything you need to take to the gym.", "it is the right size for my gym needs.  however, it only has one pocket while I was looking for more pockets/compartments so that I could get better organized.  I would be willing to pay for more if they add more pockets.", "It's a good bag to hit the gym. However, if you need to have separate compartments for all your stuff (phone, wallet, etc.), this might not work for you. It's really limited on this aspect. But all in all it's really comfortable to take on.", "Because I thought the bag was bigger! So I was not very happy with it! Needed more information on it.", "Time will tell if this bag is worth it but so far so good. Just wished it had more pockets. Overall, it's serves it's purpose.", "This was a gift for my hubby and he loved it!  the perfect size.  The picture makes it look a like navy but the whole bag is black.", "Perfect size bag for the gym. Carries everything you need and isn't too big and bulky. Very happy with my purchase. Only complaint is about the seller. I paid $37 plus shipping for the bag and the tag when I got it said $25. Why mark up the price?", "X-small duffel bag was the perfect size for my gym care. At first I thought it would have been too small but it was just right. Ventilated side is good for shoesand sweaty gears. Unbelievable spacious. Looks very cool.", "QUICK SHIPPING AND PERFECT SIZE. IT FITS AT LEAST ONE PAIR OF CLOTHES, PAIR OF SHOES, WATER BOTTLE, HEAD PHONES, IPOD, IPOD ARM BAND, TANNING LOTION, KEYS, ETC.", "This is a very well constructed and light weight duffle bag in a super convenient size for smaller needs.  My college student son uses it for carrying around his workout clothes to classes so he can go to the gym directly after classes without walking all the way back to his car.  It's difficult to find this size.", "Got this for my dad for Christmas, he goes to the gym every day but always carries his towel and change of shoes/clothes or puts his stuff in a GROCERY BAG! I couldn't believe it, haha. He's a big Nike fan, so I bought him this and he loves it! Very durable and great size.", "Bought this for my son to use at basketball practice.  It is the perfect size for a few items but as other reviewers have noted, it isnt large and not terribly heavy duty.  Good for 2 or 3 items only.  And there is no space for a water bottle.  While one can fit inside, the bag is not tall enough for a bottle to stand upright.  Other than this, it looks good and has a couple of small pockets inside and has nice carry handles.  It holds my 10 year olds basketball shoes, sport goggles and light jacket.  Not much else.  Good for a young kid.", "The size XS bag is the perfect size for a trip to the gym. I can fit my tennis shoes, workout clothes, a change of normal clothes and a small makeup and toiletry bag in it.", "This duffle bag was smaller than my purse. Couldn't use it as a gym bag at all. Better for kids' travel bag for toys.", "My 9 yr old loves this shoe. He says they are very comfortable & the size was true to what we ordered. Seems well made as I would expect from a Nike.", "Can't beat Nike shoes, and my 12 year old son really likes the Dart -- the colors aren't too bright, go with a lot of clothes and can be worn every day.", "I bought this shoes for my son, because I cannot find running shoes like this design in some stores closer in our house. I still doubt if this stuff is fake or not because whenever I look at it, it does not look and feel like a legit nike shoes compared to nike shoes that I bought from the mall. But, anyway when I asked my son how it feels like, he said its ok but not great.. For me, I will not recommend this stuff.", "Very comfortable shoes! My son is really happy with them.They are very light and the color matches with most of his clothes.", "I wish they had a half size in this product.  That would have made it fit perfectly.  My son loves it though.", "This is a great quality brand of shoe. I would buy this shoe again. Very comfortable. Looks great wearing them.", "I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend, who usually wears fresh white Nikes.  His favorite color is blue and I thought these would be something fun and different.  They are a good combination of the classy look of white Nikes (similar because they're solid in color) but a little bit more athletic and not as young as neon Nikes.  They are slightly wider than this angle depicts, so a little more casual shoe and a little less athletic sneaker than they look here.", "Normally I never write any reviews but when a product is this good...The shoe fit as expected and were such a delight. Ive been wearing them since I got them and not one complain.They fit comfortably and the shipping was lighting fast. I walk all over campus everyday and these definitely haven't tired me one bit. I prefer the mesh material but this model is just great. I haven't yet felt the shoes &#34;stretch&#34; as the other review but if anything changes I will update my review. I always preferred style over comfort, but i'm sooo glad I can finally have both from a shoe.", "Soooo comfy,  but they almost feel loose on Day One !  I am thinking once they ' break in' , they will REALLY be quite loose.  Dont want to trip!Go half- one size down.", "its like these ppl just borrowing your money.......they charge u for an item it never arrives then they send u a message that u have returned that item....THAT SUCKS!!!! SO SAVE YOURSELF SOME TIME SPENT TRYING TO GET BACK YOUR MONIES", "Sure they look cool.  If they looked cool and fit well, they'd get a lot more stars.They don't fit well.  They are very narrow and the toe box is short.  And I have short toes.  That's saying something.  Do not recommend.  I returned them.", "For Nike there are not words. I think there are the better sport shoes that ever exists. I like it so much.", "My daughter loves them. They fit prefectly and are really comfortable and fashionable. This type of shoes are not very common in my country which makes them even better.", "Daughter wanted these specific Jordan's and we couldn't find them anywhere in her size. They shipped fast and she tore them up faster smh...", "The product is just as described on line, and the shipping is so fast!It's very comfortable to wear these pair of shoes. They have the cushion on the bottom, and they are very light in weight.I really enjoy running with them. Besides, they look chic.", "Product was shipped just fine so no issues with shipper. Quality of construction was fine. But I've got the exact same size shoe, but manufactured in a different country, and this one was a whole size too small for me. I tried everything to make it work, including removing the inner sole - but it was too small. So had to re-sell on ebay.", "Been wanting to purchase Nike shox for a few years but price was always a issue.  So when I found a pair on Amazon for 84.99, that was more then reasonable for me.  The merchant I order from was very quick on shipping I was quoted a week I received in under 2 days, very big plus in my book.  I put on as soon as I received and comfort was awesome.  So comfortable I now would consider paying the extra $, but here with Amazon u always find good deals.  I would recommend this merchant and Nike shox to anyone who asked.", "I found these sneakers to be inexpensive compared to the ones sold in the stores.  Received exactly as advertised/portrayed on the site.  Nothing short of a great quality and brand new as you would expect.  On time too so no complaints here.", "THESE SHOES ARE THE BEST. THEY ARE COMFORTABLE TO MY FEET. I HAVE RECEIVED COMPLIAMENTS ON THEM BECAUSE OF THE COLOR. I WILL BE ORDERING ANOTHER PAIR SOON.", "THE SHOES STAINED BY ALL SIDES, THE MAJORITY OF THE WHITE COLOR PRESENTS/DISPLAYS SPOTS, I BELIEVE THAT THEY WERE STORED FOR A LONG TIME AND THEY WERE DAMAGED, FOR MY HAS BEEN A DECEPTION THIS PURCHASE, AS THEY CAN SELL A PRODUCT IN THESE CONDITIONS", "LOVE these shoes. They're so comfortable and the colors are hot too. I was reluctant about the price but then again, Nike always makes great shoes and I tend to get years of wear out of them.", "This product is NOT authentic, only wear it couple times and it is broken already! Went to NIKE store in other country, the sales said it is NOT authentic!", "This was a birthday gift to my son. he turned 12. He love the shoes and they are comfortable. Oh and I appreciate the vender getting them to me on time. nice shoes", "They are a bit heavy but , very comfortable and look good . First pair of Air's I ever owned that did not have a blown air pocket .", "I have the same and I love them. Other guys are commented on the style and color as nice all the time. They feel and fit great. At first, they were tight but, now I love them and they are so dam comfortable.", "I really LOVE my new NIKE SHOX NZ WOMENS RUNNING SHOES. Is an excellent product. I received my product as I requested. The product condition was perfect, as I wanted. Was an excellent choice. I suggest the seller.", "I Loved these shoes they look great and make me look fresh. My friends like them and i like how they dont crease cause of the material also love the classy basketball look this shoe represents.&#34;", "I purchased these for my son who has a very wide foot and is hard to find shoes that fit. They fit very good in the regualr width (unusual for a Nike especially) and so far they have held up to his wear and tear (had them for about 4 months).", "Overall look and design of shoe is nice while new but you can see it is made of materials that are not long lasting. Also these shoes are made for a narrower foot and tend to run a bit small so I would highly reccomend buying the next 1/2 size up to get the proper comfortable fit.", "I had other shoe brands....for a basket ball or all around walking shoe...this is the best..!High grip on court and walking..but.....it's  slippery on wet surfaces.,,caution..Other than that it is super comfortable!..it fits awesome for those who have wide feet.The regular Jordan's shoes,they have now, I can't get it too fit on my feet, too narrow.Comfort= A+......Grip dry= A+.... Grip wet= D- ......", "I bought this for my grand niece for Christmas.  She wanted a Michael Jordan sports bag.  Her mom and I liked the look of this one with the dynamic stripe.  It is a nice bag, but I was disappointed with the general lack of pockets. If I remember correctly, there is only one and the main cavernous section.  Two or three additional zippered pockets of varied sizes would have taken this from an okay bag to a great one.", "Nothing spectacular. Decent gym bag but I'm not going to rave and say it's the best bag ever. If you just want something to carry your gym shoes and accessories this will work. If you want something fancy look otherwise.", "These look great, and work great and I use them all the time. I am so happy with the quality and people have commended them for their style. I would recommend to anyone who likes good looking and high performing sneakers for all occasions.", "A great shoe and good looking too.  I would definitely buy these shoes again and recommend them to others. I'm happy", "If you don't splint or fold a cloth/sock they'll crease at the toe within a few days which is typical Nike, side from that there bad ass, but I have the the Charcoal/Orange ones.", "Successfully completed the purchase. The shoes are excellent, I love color and design. Lunarswift + 2 is a good choice to run in a tropical climate, and make long runs.", "t-shirt was great it arrived very quickly and was packaged wellmy kid loved it.it was a great xmas giftthe shirt fit and looked greatthanks againwould buy from again", "Little children do not need big backpacks so this is perfect for any age child, but perfect for primary age children.", "Fast service got it way before promised and the nike bag is perfect size for the things i need for the gym.", "Bought this as a last minute gift for my son. He loves it and has retired his full size backpack for this gymsack. Excellent quality, fast shipping. Great experience.", "The sack arrived on time, excellent for taking to gym, my shoes and shorts fit well. That's pretty much all that fits. I felt it was a bit smaller than i would have liked.", "this backpack is actually really good, i always take it where ever i need it and its cool looking .", "love the pack , shipped promptly even with the long wait I was very pleased with the product when it got here", "It was pretty cheaply made, I don't expect it to last that long.  I don't think that it will hold up to normal every day use.", "I originally bought this for my husband to use to go to the gym but in the end I've been using it to carry my boxing gloves in and it's great! Was going to order myself one but my husband just told me to have his!", "Just received the bag today, awesome bag, looks really sweet in all black with the white Nike logo, really stands out. Cant wait to use it in 2012!By the way this guys shipping is outstanding, its from NY.Thanks!", "Very popular among the kids in school today. Lighter and easier on the back if you don't have to carry a ____load of crap.", "Great bag. I am usiing it to carry my dance shoes.  The bag is sturdy and roomy.  Easy to open and close.  Great for travel too.", "A good price for a great product. Stitching is very good and the bag seems to be made very well.", "Love this bag I use it for the gym,. I store all I need in my bag and I don't have to use a locker..a must buy", "I use this bag for all my sports gear. It is durable and just what I wanted to hold my stuff in.", "The gymsack was purchased as a Valentine's gift for my daughter to carry her basketball shoes and clothing in.  She's 6 and her shoes & clothes fit with plenty of room to spare.  It seems well made and sturdy and the colors are great (school colors). I'm planning on purchasing one for myself eventually.", "Bought this for my grandson who started to high school this fall.  Here it is Christmas, and the bag is still intact!  That says something, if you know anything about boys!More important, it is exactly what he wanted.  He loves it.  He's happy; I'm a hit, so I'm happy!", "I bought this for my son to use while on a trip.  It is a great bag to carry water and snacks and stuff while sight seeing.  It is not as a big and bulky as a back pack but gets the job done.It is a nice looking bag and is very durable.", "it is being used for a gym bag and has held up a lot better than the last one we got a walmart", "As always, Nike hits it right on.  Perfect size, perfect weight, just what a 10 year old needs going to basketball!!", "I bought this as a backpack for my son at the begining of the year.  Six months later it is still in good shape.  Decent price, and stylish.", "I was a little apprehensive purchasing this product because of the cheap price but when I received this for my son, he really liked it.  It was very well made and the straps on the bag are very strong.  I would reccoment this to anyone looking to purchase it!", "These shoes were comfortable and nice. About 2 months in the grip on bottom of shoes started coming unglued to date I have lost a total of 6  of the grip tiles on the bottom of shoe. Next time I would not spend so much on a pair of these.", "This shoe was delivered within 3 days so I got it before christmas and it was a nice looking shoe but one of the shoes had  a stain on it but overall it was a nice purchase", "I wear size 13 but these shoes are one size smaller. I compared them with another running shoes of size 12 and they are identical. Rather then that the shoes look OK. I expected more cushion though.", "If you are on your feet all day and you want proper support and cushioning then this is definitely the shoe for you.  Padded amply and will not let your feet down in time of need if you are on your feet all day.", "These are high quality shoes and I got them at a great price.  Unfortunately, they are too narrow for my wide duck feet.  My partner wears the same size, but has narrow feet.  You can fill in the blanks.", "I have always been a fan of Nike shoes. But in recent years I found that they have lost some of there comfort and quality. These seem to be very light and comfortable, also seem to be made well. Haven't had them long enough to really tell durability yet though. Amazon had this order at my door before expected shipping date!", "this has all leather skin on them.. i have the lime green one also and i would say its more comfortable than the all black ones", "sized way too small.  I wear a 13 in all other Nike shoes, bought the 13 at first and it was much too large, then bought the 12 thinking it would be perfect....not even close, this was WAY too small.", "All my children wear Nike, I think they are the best made shoes.They last long and endure a lot of rough and toughness.", "they are cute and comfortable. I bought them to start running and my feet haven't hurt or gotten blisters or anything. these shoes are great.", "I hate these shoes $90 in the garbage,Nike would not exchange them for me for a smaller size without a receipt.They run at least 1\" to big I wear 7.5 and i never had to go down to a 6.5, way much room around the toe's.NOT good for my Cardio kickboxing class.They feel like clown shoes when i walk in them!Your feet even look larger. Another Ebay Item to sell!!!", "These shoes are awesome.  They fit perfectly, feel like you are wearing air AND are very durable.  Super flexible sole too.Not sure what the person who said they are too big was talking about.  Must have gotten the wrong size.  I always wear an 11 to 11.5 depending on the shoe and I bought these in the 11.5 size.  I also have feet on the narrow side and these work well.  Not too wide and don't gap when I sinch the laces.", "Bought these for my daughter for a Christmas present. - she is a runner she already has 2 other pairs of these shoes and  she LOVES them!!!!", "Most comfortable shoes I've had in a long time.  I wear 9.5 in almost all shoes and ordered the 9.5 in these.  Fits like a glove.  This shoe is so lightweight but offers so much support.  Flexible sole is amazing!!  I think they look nice with dressy jeans and pants.  But, the main thing is THEY FEEL SO GOOD!!!  My feet never hurt at the end of the day, nor is my back tired.  Can't recommend them highly enough!", "I loved the color, they are so comfy. I got these sneakers for crossfit and they totally fit great. I recommend these sneakers.", "I bought these shoes for my daughter and she liked :) very comfortable!! I will buy the same style for me!!", "These are the most comfortable sneakers I have ever bought. These nike sneakers are fashionable too and every time I wear them I get compliments.", "Shoes are very comfortable, cute and runs true in size. Light weight and flexiable. I like for excersing and walking.", "My wife is thrilled with her Christmas gift.  She said the very first time out she was able to do he 5 miles with out changing.  Any runner knows that this is a rare occurrence in a new shoe that has never before been worn.Once again the amazon supplier out preformed my expectation.Keep up the great job.Just Dave", "Great shoes - exactly what I expected.  I only use them for occasional jogging on either a treadmill or pavement.  I'm only a fair weather runner and not hard-core by any means so these worked fine for my purposes.", "So comfortable, I love it! Exactly same as the pictures here. Just like it say. Fit+Support+Conformatable!!! But the color choice is too limited!", "I loved mine.  However, I paid $21.99, not $499.00.  I would say I would never pay $500 for shoes.  However, mignt be great for someone with lots of discretionary income!", "I tried these thongs at my daughters while visiting.  You put your feet in them and its heavenly.  I bought a pair right away, since I have severe back problems the strap were not tight enough in the size I bought so I gave them to a friend, who fell in love with them.  They are great.  I will try smaller size.", "Did you people really pay $490 for these flip flops.  I love the look and they look comfortable and they have my size, but there's no way I would pay that - unless outlined in diamonds!", "i bought these on sale at the nike outlet and they hurt my feet SO bad after 5 min of wearing them. I tried taking teh insole out and replacing it with a cushioned insole but that didnt work either. :( i wanted to like these shoes, but can't at all because they are so uncomfortable. don't buy them if you have low arches because the arch support is just too high.two stars for cuteness though.", "The shoes were already laced up (instead of having the laces looped) and the laces were of different lengths.  This would lead one to think that perhaps the shoes had been tried on or even worn by an earlier purchaser.  Otherwise, the shoes are great!  That's why I ordered them.", "I run at least 3 miles three times a week, and these initially, were a bit stiff.  However, after I wore them a couple of times, they were the best!!  I could run these for miles, and remained comfortable & full of support!", "great product, confortable, wear those shoes with ipod touch is so cool, i recommend for all runners you can walk everytime,everywhere all day long.", "These have been a good shoe so far. I'm training for a marathon, so i have many more miles to go. Longest run has been 14 miles and they felt great. I have an usually high arch and these shoes provide a comfortable yet stable ride for me.", "These shoes are OK but certainly not worth the $94 in my opinion. I'll wear them out to get my $$$'s worth but I liked my older Nikes a lot better..", "I moved from NB to these Lunar Glide models and they are much lighter on my feet...not even wearing special inserts anymore.", "Got my 1st pair at Stanford Shopping center because it was light weight and looked nice.  I was so impressed that I got a second pair on Amazon to save another drive to Stanford, so I can delay the wear on my original pair, and for a discount on Amazon.  I have worn it for over 6 months for both work and for exercise, with unchanging comfortable support and no evidence of wear (in support).  Compared to other shoes that hurt my low-arch feet after a long day, these are very comfortable at the end of the day.  Also noticeably very breathable so my feet feel relative cool when exercising.  I plan on getting a 3rd pair for indoor exercise use only.  Not the most expensive but the most comfortable Nike running shoes I've bought.  Definitely worth the money!", "Great fit and style! I love the lunar line and these shoes are no exception.  The shoes look great and feel amazing on.", "I walk every day three to four miles and these are the only shoes I found that are comfortable enough to keep my feet from hurting.  They are great for people who need extra width in the toe box but don't really need a wide shoe!", "This shoe is very comfortable to walk and run in. I am 110kg and it has the cushioning my body needs when running.I cannot comment on durability, but so far so good.", "Bought these for my son, had good reviews.  He really likes them. He said they are very comfortable and wears them also casually.", "The shoe came in perfect condition however the sizing is not accurate... i chose a size 4 todler for my son and it came a bit small... wen i looked at the sizingf info on the shoe tounge it said 4c which is a smaller size than 4 toddler .it fits him but he will outgrow this shoe very quickly..so that means if you are gonna purchase this shoe please take a size bigger", "muy buen vendedor excelente!! lo entragaron a tiempo y enviaron tal cual pedi muy bien,  gracias, buena esa amigos!! fino", "Exactly what my son asked for. True to description. A perfect fit. The price was right. Would recommend these classic sneakers.", "Nice pair of Kicks With some gray skinnies they will look even better I have yet to wear except for trying them on Hope they last long :)", "love these shoes, they shipped fast too! This is actually my second pair. The first pair lasted me for a year and i wore them almost every day!", "These shoes are fab, I have a hard time buying shoes online because every shoe is so different but these are fantastic. They cushion my feet so well, they are super light and comfy. I can't speak highly enough. It feel like I'm running barefoot when I wear these! I listened to the other reviews and ordered half a size up and they fit just right any smaller or larger they wouldn't fit right!", "My daughter-in-law really likes the sneaker. Seems to fit true to size and is well made. I recommend them. Good color.", "I have two pairs, one for work in a hospital where I walk all day long, and one for at home working out.  They're lightweight, fit nice, grippy, and well ventilated.", "Even though the color description of this shoe is incorrect, the shoe fits great. Comfortable & great price. The actual color is Black midway & red thru the back. The shoe i received is A much better looking shoe. The price is unbeatable.", "Very comfortable casual show with a low low top. This is my third time buying this shoe. Great for work.", "My daughter bought these shoes for running.  She loves them. Says they're the most comfortable shoes that she's ever owned. And since she runs five days a week, she needed something that would hold up. So far, so good. She's very pleased with them, and was thrilled when they arrived only days after she ordered them. We would recommend!", "I love this sneakers, they fit great and are very confortable. They look great with everything, gym or running around", "Fits like all of my other Nike shoes, true to size. The red/pink color is nothing at all as pictured, which I expected. It's actually a really hot neon pink color, which I love! Look on Nike.com or google \"solar red\" to see what I mean. They're pretty comfortable and really lightweight. Not quite as much support/comfort as the lunarglide 2, but the look makes up for it for me.", "He was very happy with the shorts!  Great Christmas present.  The red was a good choice because it works with his favorite football team colors.", "I love these shoes. They're comfortable and the color matches almost perfectly to what is described. I also received them in a timely fashion.", "Service was very good but since I can't wear them due to needing and not being able to afford knee replacement...I wish I hadn't purchased them.I bought them because I was able to wear NIKES very similar two years ago and even ran in them but knee deterioration is making it useless to spend money on any shoes except MBT's.", "Very good shoe. I run about 10-12 miles a week in these shoes. I have been wearing them for a few months so far and they are still very stable.  Also very light weight and breathe well.", "I have flat feet and am always looking for well cushioned. lightweight workout shoes. These were recommended by DVD instructor Jessica Smith in her blog. Well, they are wonderful. They have great arch support and cushion and work well for forward and lateral movement. Highly recommend these shoes!", "I was unsure at first because of the price but when i wore them! wow!! so comfortable and look great with everything. So happy i made this purchase!", "A nice lightweight, comfortable running shoe offering good support however some sections of the sole are glued on individually rather than being a complete mould and wore/fell off after minimal wear", "So I have small feet. I usually wear a size 5-5.5 but I found that Nike running shoes run a little small. For reference I wear size 5 Uggs (they become so loose though!) and these Nikes fit me very well. I've had these since May 21, 2012 and I'm STIL USING THEM. And they look and fit exactly the same as they did when I first got them. However I only use this for light walking and everyday wear, not running.", "I recommend the Lunarfly+3 sneakers for all runners because they are very light and comfortamble.  Unfortunately the number 4 is not as good for me as these,  and they were discontinued. Lucky me I found a pair at Amazon!!!", "Very light weight which is great, but they aren't too durable. Very cute style. Love the colors. I've had them for less than a year and they're getting a hole in the toe. For the price, I'd still get another pair.", "The nike shoes are my favorite trademark because they are confortable to do exercises and I love its models and colors", "With my high arches, these shoes are exactly what I needed. I put a lot of miles on them (from walking and jogging). They are the most comfortable running shoes I've ever owned.This is my 3rd pair of lunar glides. :)", "Love these....both the fit and bright colors.  Being 71  doesn't have to be dull.  Thanks Nike for another great pair of shoes!", "Really pleased with the neutral color (goes with everything) and they are very comfortable like most of mike Nike shoes.", "This shoe is unlike any other Nike shoe I have ever worn. I am not even sure it is a real Nike product. It is not true to size, much larger than usual Nike's in the same size, it is heavy, clumpy and a plastic mess. It is the most uncomfortable $170 shoe I have ever spent my money on. So extremely disappointed. I have contacted the seller and am sending it back! Don't buy!", "After six months of everyday wear, which consists of nothing but standing, the soles where the &#34;air&#34; is kept has leaked. How? I do not know. These are not used for exercising, nor are they used for heavy lifting. Considering the obvious cost, do not buy if you wish to get the most out of your money. Yes, they are very lovely, but the physical features come at a pricey cost.", "I will continue to buy!!i stocked up- and the black looks great in the gym,on the streets and just out doing errands!!Continue to make Nike!!", "Bought these shoes for my wife and she loves them. They are as good as the ones at the nike outlet or better...", "excelente la compra de este articulo muy responsable llego tal y cual como se esperaba lo recomiendo para futuras compras", "I work a 12 hour shift as a nurse and I am on my feet all day.  This is the best shoe I have found for all day comfort and support.  The color goes perfect with my uniform (Royal Blue). I have purchased alot of shoes for my aching feet and at the end of the day there is no comparison.  This shoe is the best hands down!", "These shoes are a beautiful blue and so comfortable.  I love Air Max.  Light and cool and comfortable.  Perfect for days with lots of walking.", "I like the air max brand. Once I started wearing them there is no other shoe that feels right wearing. I can stand longer and walk for longer periods without worrying about sore feet.", "Great service and used the PO. Delivered right to my house. Shoes are so comfortable. Like walking on a cloud.", "Wearing this to the gym gives me so much compliments ,the color is divine and very comfortable in the treadmill", "I was so excited to know they had my shoe, I was shipped out fast & I got it sooner than I thought it would. I asked for a 9 1/2 & got a 9 lucky i can wear them an dont have to send back.", "My daughter loved the shoes, little loud for me, but shes wearing them. She can be seen coming that's for sure.", "I searched for this particular model because I'd had a previous pair that I was looking to replace. I thought that I'd gotten a great deal on these--even though they were the 2012 model, but these shoes were no where near as comfy and quality as the first pair that I owned--in which I'd purchased at a local shoe store. On the outside, it looks like exactly the same shoe--except for the differences in color, but on the inside, there was no comparison between these shoes and my previous pair. I could not even wear these shoes for the purpose in which I'd purchased them for--which was to run in. These shoes does not have good heel and sole support, the air bubble seemingly serves no purpose other than design. I am very disappointed, and have learned my lesson with buying shoes from  somewhere other than a local shoe store where I can actually try the product on!", "Awesome shoe.  I have been buying Air Max since 19 since 1979 have never bought another brand or type.  Love them!", "These are a very comfortable pair of shoes my wife loves them she said its like walking on air would recommend them for anyone", "I needed a black pair of sneakers for work and tool the chance on paying a high price for a shoe I'll wear every day. SOOO worth it! Though I'm probably going to wear then out quickly I strongly recommend this shoe for anyone Who is on their feet for long periods of time!", "a little narrow in the toe box area. My feet are medium width and these run narrow for the medium width. But overall very nice shoes and I ordered a solid black pair for work. The cushion insoles are awesome and why i buy these shoes. I can stand on my feet all day at work and my feet not hurt at all at end of day. I plan to order womens air max 2014 soon as soon as I can find a orange pair that isn't sold out.  So far I've spent over $300 on women's nike air max 2012 shoes so that should tell you how much I like them overall.", "Wonderful shoe and the color is fabulous. Always get compliments on color, very bold neon green. Great running shoes and extremely comfortable. This is my second pair and would buy again", "Not quite as baby pink as I had hoped. Color is a little on the peach side of pinks!! Really Comfortable!!", "Great tenis! Very beautifull and real quality!  It is as shown in the photo. Very confortable and the way I like. It arrived by the time they said.", "I wear these shoes every day.  They are extremely comfortable.  They gave excellent support.  Love the color.  They seems to run true to size.", "NIke air max is truly like walking on air.  It is fashionable and comfortable.  Fireberry is a great color-many compliments.", "I always purchase Nike. I know I can rely on the fit, comfort and support I need.An extra bonus of late ,are the awesome colors you can choose from.My fireberry Nikes can be seen for miles, which is great when running on busy streets!Fit, comfort , and Yes Fashionable!Love my Fireberries", "These shoes are so comfortable and pretty, I just ordered one more pair.  I really like the shock absorption when I walk and run:)", "Los usare por siempre y exelente producto  hace mas de 4 meses que los estoy utilizado y los comprere de nuevo", "I was very disappointed at the color - I wish the description indicated that it was a dark purple and not dark blue. Fit true to size and seem to have good support.", "Super comfortable, sleek and elegant styling.  I'm not wearing them for running but everyday use.  They go with everything and are perfect for days when hours of walking, like going to the zoo, are on the schedule.  They have great support in the arches and are very kind to your feet and legs!", "I absolutely love these shoes. I only wear Nike Air Max. They are like pillows on my feet. I love their colors as well.", "Bought as a gift and the person that received them certainly seemed to be pleased. I'll know more once she uses them", "Geat. I'm using the Vomero line since 2010 for walking and casual wear, the Vomero is fantastic. It's my 5th.", "I love the shoes! Great fit and breathes! They make my feet feel awesome. I haven't had a pair of shoes to ever fit as good as they do.", "Bought them for my mom so she can go to the gym and they are great. So light and strong at the same time. It's a great purchase.", "when i got this pair of nike i just loved it .. fitted well and was comfortable. Though it was a running shoe i really did not use it for running or even moderate exercises .. only occasional (very far and few between) sessions on the treadmill (not for long durations again ..)when i really got serious for some serious training and started using this nike i was due for a surprise.after some regular walks and runs and training and heavy using, i started developing a pain in my achilles tendons .. there was a slight swelling and it hurt during walking or running .. it used to get better when i stopped for a few days and again came back when i started (always using this pair of nike)then one day after it got a little better with rest, i thought let me change my shoes and i took out my old reebok and started using it .. i was pleasantly surprised that when i started using my reebok, the pain and inflammation on my achilles tendon did not come back.i have not gone back to the nike since &#8230;", "The most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever owned!! The fact that I can use the chip for my iPod to track my running is an added bonus. I LOVE these shoes and I'll be sad when they're too worn out to wear", "this is a brand which I allways use and I am more than satisfied with nike. this running shoes are so light you cant even imagine. Great product.", "I love that shoes they are great :)))))) very comfortable, that why I love them I love air maxtraining and running with it are very comfortable too, buy that product THEY ARE GREAT!!!", "i have a pair of the nike free 7.0 and they are very comfortable.  these on the other hand are not as soft and form fitting as the 7.0.  also its arch support sucks.", "I think Nike Free's are the best pair of shoes I've worn.  I have now have three pair of these.", "These shoes are the greatest thing mankind has ever made for running, they are really lightweight and it's cushioning is pretty much perfect. only problem is it is quite smaller, I recommend buy it 1 or 2 sizes larger for it to fit well.", "Great shoes! I love them! I previously owned a pair of Nike Free Run 2s and these shoes have taken over. Not only do I punish them --as they provide GREAT comfort-- though 4mile runs and Insanity: The Asylum sessions, but they also look very stylish to be able to wear them while your out shopping, or school, or just anywhere casual. These are shoes are the ones I consider putting on regardless of what I'm going to be doing because they're so stylish and comfortable.", "Es lo k me esperaba fue una entrega muy buena y con buen empaque estoy muy satisfecho con mis zapatos..", "These are great for the price!I love walking around in nikes and these ones are perfect for everything that I do.", "original.  expectations completely filled.  arrived in the estimated time. good manufacturing. good good good good good good good good good", "............. awesome this  very nice good. i recommand this for other person. very .... i don't have word. hahah ...", "These shoes where great but my huband is so hard on shoes they didnt last not even a month the soles were coming apart and laces frayed", "a really great pair of going out sneakers. alot of my friends love the colors and people compliment me all the time on them. sizing is standard and fit well.", "Lite, durable, breathing, good for both activity types - indoor and outdoor (dry weather). For me - quite comfortable, but best is to try first!", "This shoe is great for working out or wearing around town, but I would not use them for running. I found them to run a small.", "muy lindos los zapatos a mi esposo le encantaron, son c&oacute;modos y se ven de buena calidad ahora esperemos que asi sea", "I just purchased these at the Nike outlet near me. They are very comfortable, have nice traction and they are super cute!", "I originally planned on buying these shoes, but when I went to the store to try them on I was disappointed. They look and feel cheap. Not something I was expecting from Nike. The soles of the shoes had a plastic feeling and they weren't as comfortable as I had hoped.", "These are the most comfortable pair of shoes I own. I absolutely love them and try to wear them whenever I can. A friend of mine also owns these and claims it makes his feet sweat and smell unusually bad, but I have not had that problem.", "Exelente zapatos muy comodos y confortables llegaron en buen tiempo a venezuela y de buena calidad todo bien lo recomiendo", "I've been running since I was fifteen, so that makes it about ten years now. I need a new pair every two - three months (7 miles, give or take, per day, seven days a week on rough, gravely and dirt roads = going through running shoes like it's nobodies business, man).I've tried all the brands, finally finding that Asics was the best for me. I was never the biggest Nike fan but a fellow runner and friend told me about these.Like another reviewer, my feet roll out as I run and I also have high arches.This is a good shoe. My feet do not roll out and my balance is good.But I did need to buy an insert thank to my high arches.I was lucky to find this shoe at Nordstrom Off The Rack on sale for $49.99, otherwise I would not have bought a pair of Nikes for $90+ adding a custom insole.The best shoe for me has been any Asics gel model. Yeah, they aren't as \"cool\" looking and aren't as in your face \"LOOK AT ME! I'M A RUNNER!\" as Nike's, but I don't need to use another custom insole with them, they last, and they don't destroy my feet. :)", "I bought these for my husband since he is a huge Oakland Raider fan and the colors are perfect to go along with all of his fan gear. The shoes took awhile to &#34;wear in&#34; (the reason for 4 stars) but now he wears them all over the place.", "Hubby says took a while to break in and not a whole lot of cushion. But likes style and look", "For me this is quite a departure from the traditional running shoes I have used. They are very light weight.  The shoe fits like a glove and very comfortable with no slippage. The heel impact is noticeably softer. Time will tell how much punishment the \"four\" shock absorbers will take. I am not so much interested in looks as I am shock dampening. That being said, the shoes appearance has led to several compliments from my gym buddies. The heel cup is nice and snug. I really like how it laces up. (Very even distribution and again no slippage). Even though it is a running shoe I am very happy with how comfortable and stable it is for walking around the gym and lifting weights. I think it is a great running shoe...more later  jfm", "They took some time to break in, but afterwards have been just fine. i would buy these shows again. The look is just what I wanted, but the comfort is not as great as some other shoes I have owned.", "Recomiendo el zapato, a la persona que se los regale quedo encantada.. es un zapato super c&oacute;modo, liviano, suave y muy practico", "I really like my shoes they are confortable a little bit tight, but I was my fault because I should take in consideration that before buy them.", "Very comfortable. Fit well. Nice looking. Breathable and perfect for my husband who is on his feet most of the day. Color is great and matches jeans well.", "I love these shoes! They are very light and well ventilated so your feet stay cool in the heat. Since they're Nike Shox, they also fit the bill for sharp and stylish. The icing on the cake: they're VERY comfortable.", "I ended up buying more of other colors and would highly recommend to anyone looking for great comfort, style, and support for your feet.", "Fits great and feels great on my feet! Wonderful shoe! They feel great and look great! I would definitely recommend these to anyone", "I bought this shoe for my brother as his request and style wise, he loves it, especially the color.  Comfort wise, he is always wearing it so i guess it must be comfortable.", "I originally bought these shoes as running shoes, but they look so nice I started wearing them to several difference places I went to. They go well with just about anything, especially dark denim. I've gotten a lot of compliments for these kicks, I would definitely recommend them.", "I got these to work with my Nike + iPod Touch app instead of putting the transponder between the laces of my other shoes.  I use Nike + on my iPod Touch and Scosche MyTrek on my Android phone to track my workouts and correlate the readings.  You will feel a breeze through them in cooler/cold weather so not always appropriate for everyday wear.", "Tome estas botas porque en realidad todas las botas nike me encantan jajaja, son perfectas!! excelente eleccion para cualquier persona.", "Well made but it was too small. It is smaller than a regular 6.5 looks really comfortable and it is a great shame there are no larger sizes.", "They are nice shorts but there is no compression. Maybe if you buy a size smaller than you would normally wear they would be more effective.", "Perfect under basketball shorts. Fits and wears nice. I wish they made them in more colors. ( white) Good shorts.", "I got the black ones at the Nike store by my house for $25. I liked them so much, that I decided to check if Amazon had other colors, as the store I went only had gray and black. I hope people are reading the reviews before buying them here, because there's no reason to pay so much, and we also have to pay for shipping. They're very comfortable, and I recommend them.", "Bought for granddaughter that is a diver. She loves the shorts and wears them all the time for her practice.", "My daughter is a cheerleader and she wears this under her cheer shorts for practice.She loves the fit! I bought 2 and I am happy that I did.", "This is a great garment to wear for exercising or sports activity that adds needed support that will help you get through the most strenuous routines.  The fabric is very comfortable that will not leave you sweaty, and launders very well; I would recommend a cold water wash when needed.", "I am a volleyball player, and I am always looking for comfortable spandex that are a decent length (no butt cheeks hanging out) and that are not at all transparent. These were both, and they are amazingly comfortable!!! I am 5'10&#34;, size 8, and the medium fits me perfectly. I will be buying several more pairs.", "This was too large so I returned it.  The design was what I was looking for and the material, just didn't have my size.  :(I would have gotten it in a smaller size, but thinking they were stretch and most of the times these come small, I choose the xl, but should probably have choosen the L or M.", "Your ad stated these shorts started at $25.  However, the size that I needed (small) ended up being over $80, and then I found them the next week at the mall for $30.  I will never purchase anything from amazon again!", "goto nike.com and theyre like $25. do not pay $60 for something you can get for $25!!!!!! These shorts are by far my favorite and im surprised they are so expensive here", "Great shorts to play/practice volleyball in.  The only concern is they do shrink when you dry them.  Have ordered several pair and just remember to hang them up to dry.", "The top band wasn't sewn securlely and it came off after the first wash.  Had to re-sew it back on.  Seemsto be holding.", "Although I always enjoy shopping on amazon the retailers representing these shorts are way overpriced&#8230;Ladies go to your local sports shop you will save HALF of what the price is here online..I have 5 teenage girls who LOVE these shorts but I refuse to pay the price being asked here online. Happy Shopping!", "Everywhere else you can get them for 25 bucks(zappos, footlocker, ebay......etc.). S***, you can now get them on nike's official website for only 19.99. Why you wanna pay over 60 when you can get them for 20? Amazon, really?", "Great quality! These shoes have held up perfectly. I sprayed them with a protective coating so that may have helped,", "My son loves these shoes wears them all the time sometimes even to bed I'll be buying another pair soon.", "I'm returning these because I wanted a red & white shoe.  They sent me a black, sliver, white & PINK shoe.  Overall it's a great looking shoe, but not what I ordered!!", "Exactly what I wanted. Good looking shoe and is very comfortable. There is no need to break them in. I am very satisfied.", "Was exactly what my 12yr old son wanted and when they arrived they did not disappoint. He loved the clear red sole/heel. Sizing was as expected. Happy to have found on amazon for a bit less then anywhere else I looked. Can't say how durable but I expect from what they look like they will last through the rest of the school year (about a semester)", "I bought these shoes for a family member as a gift and they loved them!  They came fast which made it even better", "The shoes were great and exactly as described.  However, they were too small for my son so we had to return them.  We were refunded immediately & effortlessly.  Thank you", "I bought these for my son and he loves them. Excellent quality and very light weight. A little tough to slide on and off at first but got broke in in no time. He is rough on shoes, especially the toes but these are holding up perfectly. We will be buying a second pair when he outgrows these.", "My son in fourth grade loves these shoes. They fit well and are very stylish. The last pair held up very well.", "fit percfect all good, arrived on time . . . . . . . . . . recommended . .", "Do you need a max air heel pad in a slide on sandal? No.  Is it nice? Yes.  Does it cost too much? yes.  Is it nice.  Yes", "I bought these shoes for my husband for Christmas. They fit perfectly, feel good and look great! He loves them!", "Griffey's are my Jordan's. Most styles are too fresh so any pair I buy is an automatic 5 star. Another reason is because these are wide and fit my foot with the needed support.", "this is a rugged comfortable shoe and I am on my feet all day chasing felons........8 hours plus..........My knee, feet and back pain are gone......and the price is good.........", "I love these shoes. They are typical shox--great heel and overall support. The only thing missing is perhaps the additional laces in blue colour, which would also look nice with these shoes, and the \"night blue\" colour (specially shox/heel) looks more like purple than dark blue (like the picture) :(", "Super comfortable with a very light-weight flexible tongue.  I've been wearing Nike Shox for years, and these are my fav so far!", "These shoes are very comfortable and well worth the money.  Works great for a bad back and bad knees.  Better than buying a cheap pair and having an aching back on knees", "running shoes were for grand daughter and she loves them. NB for me. Good price and great fit. great price.", "These are extremely comfortable. My only concern was  the color. They said they were night blue, but they look deep purple.", "And she loves them and runs, then I think their great. I highly recommend Nike running shoes. I own a pair myself.", "The perfect comfort shoe.  Very well made.  Extremely durable for  intense exercising and walks.  Very light and love the color combination", "The shoes were beautiful but unfortunately I had to send them back because one of the shoes had a small defect from the manufacturer. But I would buy from this dealer again.", "Very happy with the shoe.  It was a gift and they are very comfortable, lighweight and great fitting.  Would buy them again.", "I bought these shoes for my wife and we were surprised on how beautiful they look. The color is more vibrant than the one shown in the picture. I would recommend these shoes for someone who needs anti-pronation.", "i love these shoes . i buy half size bigger! i wear them for gym workouts , boot camp and forc ardio..running , stepmill, elliptical trainer!!", "I bought it for me and i am very contented with it. thnx so muchits so beautiful on my feet :)))", "I bought these for my son for Christmas and he loves them. Has not taken them off yet! Thank you.", "These shoes are wonderful. Super light weight. Comfortable with zero break in required. The soles are medium softness which gives the feel of walking on air. Too bad they are discontinued. So am buying every pair I can find.", "I like them but I wish they came in 10 1/2. Other wish they are a great shoe, I bought them for work on the day I have to be on my feet.", "I like shoes. I love shoes that are made well, provide support, and offer supreme comfort to each and every step. I work in the Entertainment industry and often spend many hours on my feet running around making sure everything is as it should be. These shoes fit the bill. The only downer is they were not available in solid black...", "These boots are very good. The touch they give on the ball is unlike any other boot. They are also at an excellent price. Five Star!", "These cleats are super light, I feel so much faster with these on. Also, it doesn't hurt that they look super cool as well.", "I love these shoes! They are ultra cute and very comfortable and arrived very quickly. The only bad part was that I found them on another site for $65 a week after buying them.", "I had been looking for tennis shoes, shox in particular. I found these, with a great price, my size and perfect color mixture. i ordered them, got them fast, and love them!!", "When I bought this shoe I thought about how the whole summer the shoes I wanted had to be at least $100.00 but when I wore this shoe for the first time I fell in love, I added red laces to spice it up and the shoe itself has held up the whole season, and the grips are brand new. If you are afraid of being to hard on them don't be, they lasted through me and they are perfect! Get them...", "The size indicated on the shoes was right but the shoes were way too tight.  I tried wearing them for about a week to see if they would loosen up but it did not help.  I gave the shoes away.", "Excelent shoes. Been using Vapor Tour for 2 years and was scared at first, however, fit perfect (size 10) and it provide great support. No other brand can deliver great shoes as nike does.", "Loving these shoes, great comfort, traction and grip, even in a somewhat moist court. inside of the shoes feel comfortable, and you feel light and secure when playing.", "my boy had wide feet and it is not easy to find shoes which are wide enough. this pair is great fit, wide enough, very comfortable, tried to buy more pairs but size is all gone", "This is my 2nd pair of the City Court VII's so I knew what I as getting into with this purchase. Great lateral support and durable. I play weekly and my last pair lasted 6+ months. They are nice and snug when new but break in nicely to shape to your foot. Recommend to anyone wanting a quality shoe without having to pay $100+. I usually wear an 11.5 or 12 depending on the shoe and I get these in size 12 so they are pretty true to size. The uppers are excellent and by the time I had to throw out my last pair of these due to wear on the bottom, the uppers still looked really good.", "I've started playing tennis and do not want to abuse my excellent running shoes so I came across the City Court and fell in love with it. Excellent design, firm, stable. May be not as professional as other high-end tennis shoes, but for beginner like myself it is great so far. My Adidas Supernova Sequence 5 running shoes fit me well with size 8, but for the Nike City Court I need to go to size 9 because the width seems to be smaller than Adidas. So there is a bit extra at the toes, but probably it does not matter much to me. At $50 for a pair of descent tennis shoes, you can go wrong with the City Court. Recommended for beginners whose feet have small width.", "I bought these for a steal when they were sent to Marshall's, I guess after being seen as weird. So, if you have a fat foot, these might be a little snug. But they stretch out a decent bit, so if they're not painful when you put them on, you're probably fine. I get all sorts of compliments on these. I wouldn't wear them for outdoor hot and sweaty activities-- because if your foot gets sweaty, they are capable of causing attrocious blisters. But they're great for gym wear, especially yoga/pilates. I wear them around the laboratory, mostly, though. :PMy only beef-- do NOT believe the &#34;antimicrobial odor protection&#34; of the sole bit-- yes, they're fine for a few days. But if you wear these sockless (and you just about have to, unless you find super low-cut, almost non-existent toe socks), your feet will begin smelling TERRIBLE when you remove them. And my feet aren't normally smelly. I started dropping them into a sanitizing solution overnight about once a week to ward off smell. Fortunately, that works well, and they dry quickly, so they'd be ready to go in a few hours if I stuck them by a fan.Mine are beginning to wear out, after about 5 months of pretty rigorous wear (plus the sanitizing solution is rough on them), and I'm dreading forking out the money to replace them-- but I likely will. I might try the tougher &#34;leather-look&#34; versions to make sure they last, but I imagine they won't breathe as well, which means that the smell issue might be even worse. So, maybe I'll just get these again. Remains to be seen. Anyway, great shoes!", "These shoes are really great! I've seen other reviews saying that they are narrow or a bit closer to the foot, well yes they are narrow at first but it's because these are running shoes they are meant to be closer to the foot but either way your foot will break them in and also they kind of fit like high heels so that may be another thing to get used to, this is from my personal experience. Overall these shoes are great", "I bought my exact size,but there were very narrow so I suggest you buy a size bigger in order to get a better fit.", "me encanto. gracias. muy lindas las zapatillas, el material super y la talla exelente. muy buen producto. envio rapido y seguro", "me encantan son super comodos para caminar, se ajustan al pie,siempre los utilizo, i like so much for today !", "These looked much nicer online than they do on my feet.  I can't get over the tongue, which is a very thin piece of leather, instead of the usual thicker, padded tongue.  Not sure how it will hold up, because it feels cheap.  The souls also look cheap.  No real appeal, but they are fairly comfortable.", "El producto se entreg&oacute; perfectamente en el casillero en Venezuela,  cumple con lo indicado en la propaganda  y a mi esposo  le gust&oacute;, porque le quedan comodos", "I just received these shoes, but I have to say, they are very comfortable. They seem to work well, as a walking shoe, or just to wear around the house. A very, well made shoe.", "Purchased these for Christmas for my boyfriend - This is his second pair and he loves them!  Wouldn't hesitate to buy another pair in another color for him.", "First off, I have wide flat feet and I work out at the gym 4x a week doing cross training with high impact cardio. I bought these shoes just for the gym.  Sadly it did not work out at the gym because there is absolutely no support at the bottom at all when doing high impact cardio. Within 5 minutes, my feet was in sooo much pain.  I never understood how important or the effects of  \"support\" in sneakers were until i put on this pair of shoes and felt the difference.  On the other hand, I LOVE LOVE these shoes for everything else like walking or anything non high impact. They are so flexible and comfortable that it feels like you going barefoot. and although i usually prefer wide widths, these i have in regular width but i went up 1/2 a size....So the review is, WONDERFUL for non high impact activities!", "These shoes run true to fit and are very comfortable.The fabric is awesome: a matte finish. I wear them for weight lifting,and bootcamp.It does simulate being barefoot. However there are some things I would change: The ribbon type laces started to fray after wearing them twice and they knot up very easily. Also when I do mountain climbers or planks, the toe block (which had a very nice nike free logo in black) has lost its black polish and the white lettering has shown thru..ugh I really liked the all black look. Oh well...I would purchase them again and can't wait to use them for running.", "I wear these everyday, one foot is bigger than the other so the snug heel makes it where i can wear my true size, i do yoga and lots of time on the treadmill, after getting these the treadmill is a much smoother walk as they are so flexable, will get more in differant colors", "My favorite thing about these shoes is that they are practically waterproof. They are the only shoes Ill wear when I walk the dogs through grassy or woodsy areas because they keep my feet dry and clean. They are lightweight and comfortable and very easy to clean (just wipe them off).", "this shew is awesome for my daily rotten! they are light and extremely fixable, it took me a little time to get used to but over time I found them to be comfortable and blister free. My only concern is they don't have the best arch support for strenuous exercise like running. But over all its worth your money", "Hey, I'm a stocky guy who loves playing football (soccer) and doing tricks & flicks on folks and was in the arena for a new pair of tugs. I was impressed upon opening the box (I couldn't believe they had my size 13), the leather & rubber material was comely to my eyes with the stitches all around plus I like the logo on the sole of it. It is very comfortable compared to other cleats especially if you are a stocky/heavy set person like me. The grip in mud and some snow is amazing (live in the northeast). You will have to keep an eye on cleaning it because its white. Don't delay & pick one up and remember any thing is possible with a good idea and hard work plus determination to back it up. Cheers!", "The shoes fit very well and are extremely conformable once i wore them for about a day. I love its ability to produce a good touch on the ball.", "The shoe fits only for narrow footed people. There should have been a sign or post that acknowledge the fact.", "This is my second pair,they are very soft and fit well and give when you need them to preform with your feet", "they're good, sturdy shoes.  i wished i would've gotten a 9 because i feel they're a little too big, but they are still really comfortable.", "These are a great fit and comfortable. . . as long as you stay on smooth surfaces, anything other than a perfectly flat surface and my feet felt every bump.", "I love these shoes and will buy more in a different color. They are the most comfortable shoes I have ever had. They are almost like being barefoot with a sole (soul)!!!", "Would given this a five star but one of my shoe strings was too short. Other then that comfy shoes!", "I use these shoes for all kind of gym training and they are the best training shoes I've ever had! They are so comfy - I don't really feel them, and stylish. They are true to size (I wear 6.5 and these shoes in 6.5 fit perfectly). I would highly recommend these shoes for all kind of gym activities. I also don't think they would suit for running, for running I use Nike running shoes.", "I wear these sneakers for my job, bartending. Very comfortable and breathable. I also have worn them at the gym and to jog. Great all around shoe!", "Great fitting and comfortable shoes, love the simplicity and light weightness of them. Great for every day, would like in more colors too", "I bought these for my fiancee, she has flat feet. She says they are the most comfortable workout shoes she has ever had. I might get a pair in mens.", "Love these shoes! I wear them all the time, it feels like I'm wearing nothing. There so lightweight and comfortable. I would definitely recommend them to anyone :)", "perfect fit.wouldn't of found these same pair in stores and it was 20$ cheaper than the pair I first got", "SHOE WAS JUST AS I EXPECTED, TRUE TO SIZE, LIGHT WEIGHT. JUST RECOVERING FROM FOOT AND ANKLE SURGERY AND IT  WAS SUGGESTED THAT I GET A GOOD RUNNING SHOE FOR SUPPORT;", "Great shoes. I own two pair. Perfect for walking vacations. Just rocked mine in Venice.I would recommend to anyone who likes to walk.", "I love the TR shoe line.  They are lightweight.  Not the best traction for running or hiking. I use them for weight lifting and light gym work but I would not do any heavy foot training.", "I work at a very fast paced restaurant I have to stand for over 8 hours, this shoes are so comfortable I don't even know why I didn't have this shoes before. Sometimes I don't even know I have sneakers on. I'm just in love with Nike fit I just want to get them in all types of color.", "los zapatos me quedaron muy bien en este momento los estoy usando ya q estoy en vacaciones, a todo el mundo le gusta mis zapatos, estaremos en contacto para pr&oacute;ximas compras", "EVERYONE AT WORK LOVES THEM AND ALWAYS COMMENTS ON THEM AND THEY ARE SO COMFORTABLE IM GOING TO BUY NEW ONES AGAIN SOON!! :)", "these shoes look great and are overall comfy. but there is not much arch support. but they do look awesome!!!", "Great comfort, great look.  Advice: Nike's run about 1/2 size small so order + 1/2. the comfort is great, very soft on the feet", "True fit great shoe but not a great running shoe. No support cushion to run but it's a nice casual sneaker.", "These are so perfect.  Light as air.  They hug my heel and arch snugly but the toe is roomy.  It is like wearing socks.  I am more comfortable in these shoes than out of them.  Truly the best shoes I've ever worn in my life and I am 64!", "Its narrow and a little heavy but the more I use it I like the stablity.  Seems to hold up.", "I researched shoes on the internet before purchasing the NIKE Free TR Fit 2.  This shoe is the #1 Women's Cross Training shoe according to a few different sources.  The shoe is really great for yoga, palates, and workouts where you move around a lot.  This shoe is not made specifically for running and should not be purchased for a running shoe.  The arch support and ankle support are made for Cross Training.  I love to work out in this shoe.  I would recommend this if you do ZUMBA or other high-power cardio workouts.", "These have got to be the most comfortable shoes I own. I use them for cross-training classes, strength training, and all that jazz. I have ran in them a few times and that was a mistake on my part. They weren't made for running, but I didn't even think about it since these shoes are always my go-to shoes for working out. These were a great buy on my end and I'm extremely happy with my purchase.", "I ordered these shoes and they were a bit tight.  I ordered a 9 when I usually wear an 8.5.  They were terrible for support and hard to balance in them when working out.  I do high intensity workouts and these shoes were terrible for that so I sent them back.", "i like these shoes and i will be buying another pair after i wear these out.. takes me about 6 mo", "My son loves these shoes- he has three pairs now!  They hold up well and he's says they are comfortable.", "All in all a great shoe for the cost. My husband absolutely loves these and is anxious to get another pair.", "ordered these after them applied at the local store (always try to do that) this model is very comfortable, somewhat narrow on the sides but eventually settles well. the price is cheaper than in retail stores.", "I love the Nike brand and Shox style. I think these are the best running shoes Nike has ever came out with. I am a firm believer in these shoes. I will never go to another style. I feel more energetic in these shoes as they give me bounce back when I run. Relaxing feeling shoe, contours my feet and very comfortable. Thank you NIKE.", "The Shoes are great but are a little small for the size.  I'm like 90% sure that they are authentic.", "Replacing a worn out pair of shox roadsters. I liked the Roadsters, but not these. Too tight, too stiff, the bottom of my feet hurt. I am a nurse who works 12hr shifts....these are the wrong choice.", "I am hard on shoes and buy a new pair of running shoes about every year. I had gotten used to shox and had been buying 9's two other years. This pair of 9's is extra small and extra narrow. Looks like they upgraded the construction though so thats a plus", "I been able to double my running with this shoes. They look heavy but surprisingly they are super light tight construction will definitely order more in the future shipping was excellent package was exactly as you would expect from a retail store awesome service", "I like these shoes very much. I had pain in my heals. Sense I started wearing these shoes the pain has left.", "My son loves his shoes. This wasn't the style he wanted at first but he loves them more than the style he wanted.", "the shoes are beautiful, I like the nike brand, are pioneers in the development of sports shoes. These shoes are the best in the world, will always be my first choice", "I liked it fine, though timing was horrid, just before my PT ordered two ankle supports/braces.  I'm afraid NIKE doesn't make wide shoes.  I was wanting to not ruin a pair of really good shoes.  I bought New Balance.  They do make wide.", "The local Niketown closed. Luckily I  found these on Amazon. They are perfect for squats and other lifting. I bought another pair for later.", "The design on the suit is awesome and colorful! However due to the extreme cut of the suit in the back, water easily creeps into the suit on flip turns and stream lines. I feel a lot of drag while I&#34;m swimming. I would recommend ordering down a size than your usual.", "They have great arch support, and they are very comfortable running shoes. I've only had the shoes for a short time but I love them so far.", "Flexible, comfortable and great for walking.  I already wore one pair out and bought 2 more just like them.  Need I say more...", "I was a little worried to buy these because some of the pictures looked a little strange but these are awesome! I got them very quickly and I haven't had any problems. The sizing is perfect.", "I bought this pair as a gift for my wife. She seemed to like them, she uses them for work and says the support is great. She's a nurse so she's on her feet for long periods of time. The shipping wa fast and secure. I received them in two days without any trouble. I would buy from the seller again.", "These shoes are awesome! I've been buying the Triax for the past several years and I decided to switch it up and I did with these. And they're worth it! Super light, comfy, perfect for training.", "I am usually a size 71/2 and they are just a tad bit too tight, but I'm sure they will stretch after wearing them a little bit. Other than that they are very nice and def worth the money I paid.", "I love these, I'm stationed in Korea and love to wear them when I have to do a lot of walking in the snow.", "The shoe was a little big for my son but he loved them which made me Mom of the Year!", "Shoes are very comfortable to wear. They are light weight and comfy to walk around in. Not a lot of support for working out.", "My son liked these boots and needed a new pair so I ordered them. They arrived quickly and were in good condition. The size fit my son perfectly and he was happy.", "The shoes are of good quality, comfortable and resitente material. My son loved it and the price is right. I recommend them.", "Bought this hoody for our 9-year-old nephew for Christmas and it is perfect. The fit is perfect and the really loved the &#34;Go Long&#34; on the front. Well made and perfect for a gift.", "I've had these for over a year and they still look like new. They are VERY LIGHT, I dont know what they weigh but all I can say it it feels like I am walking on air.. I love them. I hope thay dont stop makeing and selling them.", "My daughter tried on a 5 and a 6 in the store. I ordered the 5.5 online. It was about 1.5 sizes too big.", "I love this shoes they last a long time and they help me with my back. Being a P. E teacher and standing on your feet all day the shoes really help.", "I had been looking for this shoe for sometime. Found the grey in the mall but still wanted the black and this seller had it. I was ecstatic. Ordered right away and product was sent right away. Very pleased!", "These sneakers saved my feet.  I started running more recently and went through two pairs of shoes trying to find something that didn't hurt.  I have over-pronation and medium to high arches, and these shoes were great.  Super light, super comfy, but tough enough that I wore them hiking and running through the Sedona trails. Great buy!", "My daughter loves this stylish cold compression shirt by Nike.  It keeps her warm and looks great on her.  Nike does it again great style , warmth and comfort.", "I love this shirt for running in cold weather.  I love the extra long sleeves with thumb holes to keep my hands somewhat warm.  The only issue is it run a little small in the shoulders causing it to feel a bit snug between the shoulder and armpit.", "It has a hard sole that was good for hiking and also for walking a long mile, and it has a reasonable price.", "I wanted this jacket last year but refused to pay $350 for it. When I saw it on Amazon for $175 I ordered the small. Normally I wear a med. And the small was too tight. I'm a 5'5\" 140lb runner, 37\" chest and couldn't zip it closed. The med. fit perfectly.", "i love this jacket for night runs! it is perfect and just as advertised. the price was unbeatable, the supplier was very accomodating, and the jacket arrived on schedule. Highly recommend!", "This jacket is truly incredible - offering unbeatable reflectivity and making the wearer highly visible. I got this jacket in an XS and wanted to share that I think the sizing is comparable to other NIke running jackets (and vests) that I have - yes, it is fitted, but I believe that is simply to keep it from being too flouncy while running. A woman in a car even stopped me on the way home to ask me about the jacket - she said I was very noticeable from a distance and called the jacket, \"Awesome.\"", "excellent high quality rubber, a premium model since they are atatomicas and fit the foot, the fabric is very strong and durable", "These shoes brought me lots of attentions. People kept looking at them. I think they look too good for me. It's very nice looking and the yellow bottom is a bit bright.", "This shoes are great, its fit me like a glove.  I recommend this shoes for daily activities, not just sports.", "Really nice and comfy. The black n white combo with shining nike sign stands out in public. I use them in day to day lyf.", "I got these shoes to replace my old Nike's that I use just for walking and parkour. They fit snug (good) and have good support. For the price they are what I expected, reliable.", "Sporty and comfortable high performance very strong in my recreation activities. Design and modern colors! generally recommend it as a good shoe.", "I purchased these shoes and the only problem was that they sent it to the wrong address and didn't want to send it to me again, and I have to drive 30 minutes to get the package. But the upside is that the shoes were very nice and my dad loved them.", "Absolutely love these cleats. Had the red/silver pair before but had a hard time finding the same pair at a reasonable price. So, I ordered the white/black/orange ones instead.I have worn a lot of different cleats in my years, and for a lot of different sports. These are by far my favorite. I wore them for the first time to a tournament that included three 1.5-2 hour long games on Saturday and another 3 games on Sunday. Not one blister, not one problem. I felt faster cutting, got great support, and the material is just so comfortable.I had previously purchased a pair of cheap adidas cleats and will never make that mistake again. My feet hurt so bad after only a day of wearing those that I had to go out and buy these to replace them!I highly recommend these cleats. Go NIKE!", "This shoe looks a little different than most Nikes, but it is a great shoe.  I have had several people ask me where I got the shoe!", "I love these shoes to run or just to walk around in.  They are very comfortable and light! I'd definitely purchase these shoes again!", "ME ES GRATO COMENTARLE QUE SON UNA EMPRESA 100% CONFIABLE Y SERIA. RECIBI EL PRODUCTO DE UN PAR DE ZAPATOS EN BUEN ESTADO Y EN UN TIEMPO ESTIMADO RAPIDO. ME SIENTO ORGULLOSO DE HABER HECHO NEGOCIO CON USTEDES, ESPERO REALIZAR OTRA COMPRA A FUTURO.GRACIAS POR LA ENTREGA DEL PRODUCTO.", "Stylish, warm, good fitting pair if indoor soccer shoes. They are suede and leather and very warm. The yellow swoosh is very cool.", "These are my favorite athletic shoes, I always get Vomeros. I loved the black on black color but these wore out faster than any other pair I'd ever had including the pair I own now.", "Great for the money, Lighter weight than I thought, but my son likes that about them. I would purchase more like these.", "I must say this sneakers is very comfortable, I use it to train in the gym and it works great. The only problem I encountered was the long time it took to ship, I waited about 6 weeks before I recieved my shoes :(.", "Great looking  pair of shoes. Waterproof, comfortable, and durable. The only downside is they do not offer wide sizes.Other than that great shoe.", "I ordered this shoes a while ago and i have no complains yet! Great shoes and size was what i expected.", "The product arrived on time, but the packaging was damaged (the shoe box was crushed) but the shoes themselves were not damaged. Unfortunatley the size I ordered did not fit my daughter even though she has always worn the same size track shoe, including this brand. So I'm not sure the sizing is accurate. I asked for a refund or exchange (at the time I preferred an exchange) and I sent the product back to the seller via priority mail on January 3rd. Today is January 22nd and I have yet to even receive an email back from this seller. If you want decent customer service, I would suggest purchasing from another seller. I will never order from this seller again and I'm pretty sure I will have to wait until March to get my refund back and will have to file a claim with Amazon.-never again", "Honestly have worn NIKE running shoes and others for years. I always have had no problem with size in my case TRUE TO SIZE and with room for cushion socks. Clean style and nothing fancy, a good running shoe. Try them out.", "this shoe is supper comfortable, but they are only $109 at Nordstrom! baught them for my brother then went back and got a pair for myself. the Nike+ is also realy great, if you dont have an itouch or iPhone i recomend the tomtom watch to go along with it.", "I already had a pair of these but they were discontinued and i needed and other pair and i could only find them on Amazon", "I had worn these sneakers for about a week, and one day when I went to tie them the lace ripped right through the eyelet. I ended up going to Foot Locker, because I thought I could just exchange it there, apparently this was last years style. I paid more than what I should have. Foot Locker was gracious though, it was in their system, so they allowed me to get the newer model as an exchange.", "I have a pair with the same product number-I wear these at work-cabinetry and trim work so they see a lot of use/abuse.The last ones I had (which are on my feet now, nearly 10mo later) just lasted and lasted. My shoes normally go flat on the inside. These shoes hurt my feet after just a couple of weeks. These just are NOT the same.Combine that with slow shipping and the fact that I saved 50.00 off the original pair doesn't seem so great.", "OKay for a Nike tennis, but quality is doubtable. However this is not for sports use, so, it's just fine.", "It is not that beautifully as it showed on te website, the color is a little dark and after I wear it for 3month, it begin to wear out. I just wear it once a week !", "I've had these before, so I knew they were what I was looking for.  Just be warned that they run 1/2 size smaller, at least my 8.5 normal shoe size, I had to buy a 9 for this shoe.", "me llego los zapatos a mi casa lo desempaque de la caja  y estaban en perfecto estado son muy c&oacute;modos y confortables les recomiendo este producto sobre todo para los que hacen ejercicio", "shoe is great... just too small.I now know my shoe size and will not make the same mistake again.", "Nike has done it again with a pretty good price I had these shoes for about 10 months now and they are holding up great. Still pretty white and have no holes. They still have pretty good grip under then yet. I work at my utility job with these on. Also i'm a 18 year old kid and i'm hard on my shoes.", "Ordered this cleat for my son for baseball, they are true to size and seem well made, good for the price. He is pleased with them .", "Great buy on a great product. My feet stay warm and dry on morning trail runs. Won't run without putting them on now.", "My daughter likes these shoes but they are larger than other shoes.  We went to the mall & tried on Nike's (they didn't have shox in her size) & we ordered the size she wore but these are a little big. Kinda disappointed!", "Shoes arrived on time or early for Christmas. Simple, neat, and tidy transaction. No suprises, just great shoes quick and quick shipping", "I love these shoes. The colors just pop, especially when I'm wearing pink. They're also comfy as most Nike's are:)", "Awesome shoe, and love the fit and style. I needed a new pair of shoes and was tired honestly, of never paying more than 60.00 for shoes.  The saying goes, you get what you pay for.  In the past my shoes were either too cheap to support, or not good enough to last, or not comfortable enough and made my feet fall asleep while on treadmills or ellipticals.  Not these!", "Very comfortable and appropriate shoes to play football. Everybody wants to be in my shoes. Everybody loves them. I am very happy with this acquisition.", "really good support and cushion. Structure 14 was highly recommended by many and consumer reports. 15 is even better.the review from Zappos said it was half size small, and i wear 8, so i bought 8.5. it is perfect.checked Zappos, was on sale.", "This particular purchase was a birthday gift for my 12 year old brother. He is an active 12 year old boy who is on a soccer and football team. When I asked him to review these shoes his words were \"Amazing,, these shoes are comfortable and I love them\". So in conclusion these are one of the best purchases I made through amazon.", "Excellent Shoe....*Classic high-top cut for comfort and support.*Leather upper for durability.*Foam-padded collar with Achilles heel pad for protection.*Fabric lining and a cushioned sockliner for all-day comfort.*Lace-up front and a foam-padded tongue for optimum fit and feel.", "Great shoe for the price and comfort!  They have been put through 2 seasons and still going strong!  Hope his feet slow down.", "Like all Nike shoes, these were incredibly comfortable. Size was perfect. I just didn't like the color. For some reason, in the picture it looks dark brown but when I actually got them, the color would &#34;change&#34; depending on the lighting. It would vary from black, grey, dark brown, and brown.", "This was exactly what I wanted for my boyfriend. They are even prettier when they came in the mail. The picture doesn't do them justice.", "I actually own 2 pairs of the Nike Toki Canvas Shoe, this black grey right here and a light brown colored pair with a white bottom. I believe it to be a very aesthetically pleasing item due to the canvas material. It doesn't quite pop out/jump out like Nike shoes do, which I prefer, more of a perfect compliment to a nice/to the right outfit. An everyday shoe versus the Nike 'athlete's' shoe. The bottom is rubber so durable, no complaints on the sole in regards to comfortableness and pretty easy to keep looking clean if you so desire.Normally when it comes to this style of shoe, Nike isn't the first brand to come to my mind but I think they did a great job with the design/appearance, coupled with the quality, durability you come to expect with the Nike Brand. And also in the end, you can still boast that they are Nikes and recognition that recieves.", "The shoes have a good design which is common for many of Nike sneakers, but usually that means sacrificing comfort for looks. Not with these shoes, they are very comfortable with nice padding and don't feel cheap at all. These shoes are well worth the price and I would recommend them to anyone.", "I've tried many different types of running shoes and these are the only ones that actually make me want to run more. Very comfortable!", "Bought as a gift, box was heavly damaged and tapped together. Shoes on the other hand were great, leather and nubuck.", "The best shoes like a mlb playerGood shoes fit like a glove, durable and quality materialsVery comfortable and light", "Excelentes zapatos. C&oacute;modos. Tienen un al viejo estilo nike.Me comprar&iacute;a otro par sin lugar a dudas.Muy bien todo", "I'm a big fan of Nike Shox, but my podiatrist said that I should never wear them again because it is not a stable shoe. She said that you can roll your ankle very easily. She suggested Asics, Saucony, New Balance, etc. I tried them all but they don't have the cushion I need after I had foot surgery. I tried on a pr of Nike Air Max Tailwind at a local store and fell in love with them. They have the cushion I need and the sole seems stable. They were over $100 at the local store so I searched for them on Amazon. They were much cheaper and the shipment was quick. The only problem I had was that they sent me the wrong color. The description said dark grey/white/volt (green), but I received metallic grey/pink. It's a good thing I'm a girl, and not a guy. My feet are killing me in my old Nike's so I will not bother exchanging this pr. If you're a Shox fan, you will love Air Max!", "Seller provided excellent customer service.  Answered all of my questions in a timely manner.  The shoe was just as described.  Was looking for these shoes everywhere to gift, I was so happy to find here.  Nike never disappoints, great quality, great style.  Arrived quickly, would highly recommend.  Thank you!!", "LOVE IT! These shoes feel great and are feather light. I would highly recommend> I got then for working out at the gym.", "el producto llego atiempo y en buen estado la calidad es excelente no tengo quejas al respecto lo recomiendo ampliamente", "The shoe seems to be &#34;unisex&#34;, as the advertisement stated &#34;men's&#34; shoe; however, upon receiving it, noted it to be advertised as a &#34;women's shoe&#34;. However, my son loved the shoes, and didn't know any differently, and the company stated if there was a problem with this, they would gladly accept the return. (I decided to keep it..) My son has no complaintss. Is extremely happy with them!", "GREAT SHOES. OUTSTANDING SHAPE. GREAT VENDOR. PRODUCT ARRIVED 2 DAYS EARLIER THAN EXPECTED. THAT IS ALWAYS A PLUS!!!  I WILL DEFINITELY PURCHASE FROM THIS VENDOR AGAIN IN THE FUTURE.", "My boyfriend and I both work warehouse jobs and are on our feet for 10 hours every day and never stop walking. Now, I've been wearing the women's version of this shoe ever since I started my assignment and never had any complaints about my feet hurting. My boyfriend on the other hand, had been wearing his old New Balances. I bought these for him for Christmas and the difference (according to him) has been night and day. It's amazing how well these shoes move with your feet, especially on the job.", "my son is ten. he goes through shoes like crazy. these shoes have lasted him the longest by far. great shoes. very pleased.", "Buen zapato me llego con todo y caja original de la nike, aunque la costura del mismo no me complacio por completo, la plantilla no viene con algun logo de la marca.", "I'm a CNA. 8 hours a day on my feet. My husband picked these out and done a really great job. They are extremely comfortable!!", "Great sneakers but i would recommend them for spring/summer due to the mesh material. Other than that, I love them for fashion.", "Great fit!  Awesome comfort!  When I saw them in the store, I did not stop until I found them in my size!  I am so happy with the color purple!", "es muy c&oacute;modo el zapato, los colores son muy vivos tal como se ve en la foto, son muy frescos por el sistema de tela  deja entrar el aire a traves del zapato, en lineas generales es ideal para hacer deportes, solo veo algo no favorable, el pl&aacute;stico o goma de la zuela, resbala en la humedad, eso no ocurre con todos los zapatos deportivos que he tenido", "I love these shoes! They look great and feel great!I bought them before a Vegas trip. Got them in the day before we left, put them on and I was good to go! Love them!", "Used them for a marathon and lasted through it. They are comfortable and good to run with. I still use them.", "my sons foot is a little bit small because his feet are a little wide so they were a little bit tight on him at first but when they stretched out they fit perfectly.", "The Nike ACG Woodside size is somewhat small/tight.  I boot will need some stretching before they fit comfortably.  The tightest spot is the stitching between the rubber and leather. I love the way the boot looks, but I hope I did not waste my money if I can't get them to stretch.", "the shoe is an original nike and its just really great stuff... really lite, and good for runnning or just walking around.", "Bought for my son. He loves them. Dressier than athletic shoes, but with the comfort. Great with jeans or khakis.", "Good boots for my workI bought this come newBut the box is bad shapeI wear almost everyday this winter", "I have a pair of Nike leather boots that I have used and abused for probably close to 15 years.  They are finally starting to fail...  I still wear them, but the sole is coming off and the eyelets have rusted so they eat shoestrings like I eat bacon.  I love these boots and my first choice was to buy another pair just like them.  The only identifying characteristics I could fine were the letters ACG on the boots.  In searching Nike ACG leather boots I was directed to these boots which in the picture actually look similar to the boots I have.  It seems that appearance is the only thing that is similar.  The quality is gone.  I am sure that the material they are made of is by some definition \"leather\".  It feels and looks much more like plastic.  I doubt they would have held up through one winter and in terms of comfort and warmth they inspired very little confidence.  I returned them.  Why the 3 star review?  Honestly, my opinion is 1 star.  I have too much respect for my feet to ever put crap like these boots on them... but I do feel that part of that feeling stems from my own disappointment in the comparison to the boots I have.  That is not the fault of the boots I returned, so I gave them the benefit of the doubt.  I also can't verify the comfort or warmth factors... I never wore them.  If you do buy them, I hope that they meet your needs and thanks for taking the time to read my review.", "Perfect fit and very comfortable I thought they were going to be very narrow like all Nikes are for me but these shoes are perfect in every aspect .", "This shoes are size 9 but in man size,this is 27centimetres,  they are 10 in women size , ( see the sizing info), The seller must make a precise description of the product, to avoid errors", "this is the third pair I have purchased they fit and wear great look good with most things I wear, too old for white tennis type shoe", "I want a pair in this color in size 12 and they have been out of stock for over a year I have called amazon and they are not restocking them. These are the most comfortable boots I have ever owned .I  am on concrete  10-12 hours a day a bad back ,bad  knee  and I love them. Just tremendous", "I like Nike shoes and in particular this model, its style, pretty good design and very comfortable. I'd recommend this one", "They're a really sharp looking pair of shoes, they were just a little big for my sister who is usually a 7 on the dot. Still, i'm a huge fan of the style and I have stellar taste in shoes :)", "I'm a women that was looking for a fashoinable boot style somewhat tennis shoe that speaks for itself but also capable of standing through different types of weather. I chose Nike as the brand for their popularity and quality. I made an awesome purchase. They are mens boots and they happened to be perfect for me. I've only worn them 3 times and have received compliments every day they were worn.", "I have several foot problems ranging from torn ligaments (repair with partial syndactilization of 2nd and 3rd metatarsal on right foot), bilateral plantar fasciitis, and bilateral neuromas.  It is very difficult for me to find a shoe that is comfortable both walking and running.  These shoes are attractive and provide the cushioning and support that I need.  My orthotics fit these shoes well, with a wider toe box than Nike normally has.  I am a nurse, so being on my feet for a 12 hour shift is usually difficult, but these shoes have kept me comfortable with little post shift pain, inflammation, fatigue.  Excellent.", "From the look of them,  first thought there were gonna be snug and I was going to have to keep wiggling my feet to get in them, but I didn't me and my daughter likes everything about them.", "Great style, great fit, and they look good! Only downside is they are not lined so wear thick socks. Nice sole unlike comparable Uggs at $150.", "Shoe is comfortable and looks great.  Best feel and colors look good just like the picture.  They are a little overpriced but worth it.", "EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND PRICE .EXCELLENT QUALITY WHAT OTHER BRANDPRICE IS GOOD WHAT OTHER BRANDSI LIKE THIS COLOR AND MATERIAL", "excellent product, very comfortable and cool, very good quality, they are very beautiful, are perfect for touring around, and its low weight comodidiad", "Great looking, well made shoe for the price. But if you do not fall in the neutral foot category forget it. I am a moderate overpronator and these shoes killed me during an 8 mile hike on a soft/wet limestone trail. Needs more support/stability. I have relinquished these shoes to casual townies instead of what they're described for. The material is not very water resistant. They wet easily.", "I love this shoe so much, I bought three pairs to put in reserve because Nike doesn't make them anymore.  So why review it?  If you did not buy any, It does not matter.", "bought these at sieze eleven maybe my feet maybe the shoes but they are extremely uncomfortable , i hardly wear them because they hurt , only would wear for a few hours going out, because they are new shoes but wouldn't wear all day because it would cause me too much pain", "PRODUCTO RECOMENDADO 100%. SON ORIGINALES. LLEGARON A TIEMPO....EXCELENTE CALIDAD.NO DUDEN EN COMPRARLOS.....A MI ME ENCANTARON ...ES LA MEJOR COMPRA QUE PUEDEN HACER", "The shoe looks just as pictured. The only problem is that it is a bit narrow at the front but i guess it will stretch out with  few wears. So u should get a 1/2 size bigger just for comfort.", "Shoe would probably be comfortable if I had ordered a larger size.  Cannot walk in the shoe all day because of small size.  I wear a size 7 and should have ordered an 8.", "I purchased this shoe for my son.  I liked it but he did not like the neon green on the bottom so it was returned.", "I'm sure this is a great sneakers but it was very big in size not the fit but the sneaker itself. Very disappointed. Watched these sneakers for months and was disappointed once I got them.", "I have both this shoe and the regular air max 2012 running shoe. Both are awesome. This one is just a bit heavier but supports the ankle a lot better. It's just a much stiffer shoe. It feels like there may be more air pressure in the pocket. I'm not an expert, but the air max 2012 is lightweight and feels almost like you're not wearing a shoe, and this one is just a more durable rugged version. Like maybe for running, but off road or something. I like it. I love it. They look great. You should get them you'll be glad you did.", "these shoes are really great and look good with just about any jeans youre wearing,. i buy nike leather because they are more durable than any other shoe i own .. tough to break in at first but there are always tricks to that.", "Shoes were as pictures right size came in on time very happy with this purchase not a knock off brand good shoes!", "The shoes are wonderful, however, my size is 9.5 yet I bought an NZ Shox at ten & half to accommodate the width of my feet earlier. Thinking they would fit the same I discovered they did not.  So, with this style (R4) one needs no consideration of width and should order your regular shoe size.  They were the coolest shoe.  Thanks to an understanding seller - I did return them and went elsewhere for a different shoe.  That's another story.Order your regular size for the R4. :)", "I bought these boots by Nike and so far I have no regrets. These boots are easy to put on and take off; and they keep my feet warm and dry especially when I have to shovel snow in wintertime and eventually walk through endless puddles of slush that come when the snow melts as temperatures rise in springtime.As of this time, you may be able to get a slightly lower price at brick and mortar stores or elsewhere. Another advantage of brick and mortar stores is that you can try on the boots for size and tell right away if they'll fit you or not.Overall, these are fine wintertime boots for most purposes. They do not have a steel toe; but they are still very well made. These should last me a long time!", "These fit great and look great. I have received quite a few comments on these shoes as most everyone likes them and are surprised to see that Nike has made something in this style.", "these shoes are amazing. i bought them because i liked the style. they fit as expected and are made good all together i love them", "I bought these shoes to wear on weekends with jeans. They are comfortable and stylish...not to mention easy to clean.", "Found these sneakers in the Nike store but they didn't have my size so I went on Amazon and, of course, I found them AND they were cheaper!!! LOVE,LOVE,LOVE Amazon. I love these sneakers, they are comfortable and provide the support I need.", "I ordered these shoes for my boyfriend for Christmas and they fit perfect. He absolutely loves them. Not to mention they were a littler cheaper on amazon which was a score!!!", "These were a gift. They came as pictured, but with a black shimmer, which was a nice surprise. They fit her too small, which was strange since she has similar Nike shoes in the same size.", "These are classic shoes by nike.  They are difficult to find in Nylon or Suede.  If you find them they are worth every penny", "These sneakers are so comfortable.  I have problems with my back and they do help take some of the pressure off my spine.  This is the second pair of Shox  I have purchased and I am sure not the last.", "Took awhile for my son to adjust to the stiffness, but loves them now.  The look great and were a good price", "These were a Christmas gift for my daughter and she loves them.  They are a perfect fit.  No buyer's remorse.", "I do really like these pants for lounging, however my intent was to use them for running, and they are a bit to flared for running.", "Love these pants.  I just wish that they had the shorter length available and these are getting harder and harder to find.", "Had a great fit and love the style. I would recommend to anyone active. Great for winter work outs. Thank you", "I put the pants on and thought maybe they looked a bit odd.  I took them off and laid them flat, and sure enough!  One pants leg is longer than the other by a good half-inch!  Unbelievable!!  DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER.  These pants have to be knock-offs.  No way would Nike sell something so off.", "But I line dry for fear they will shrink. They are on the verge of being too short for my super long legs. Like them enough to buy 4 pair!!", "Young girls love the confidence in going to school with the best looking casual wear but also the most comfortable.  Can't go wrong here. My daughter is long the stock too! :-)", "I personally bought it for running, but they are not good shoes for running. Very comfortable for training or gym but not for what I bought it.", "great boot...nice solid black color....great for working environment....i am on my feet most of the day....very comfortable...pretty good for snow days...not recommended for deep puddles but overall good coverage and durability...also looks heavy but very light on your feet...highly recommended!", "These Nike Mens Boots are well made and well crafted; I ordered myself a sz 10.5 and I admit that they do fit somewhat snug. But after a little &#34;breaking them in&#34;, they're just fine and ready for wear and work. Plus I didn't have to pay $100 or more for these, I got these boots for under $80. The soles of the boot have sturdy rubber bottoms while providing support for my feet and the leather for the boots themselves is of great quality.", "I got them for my boyfriend and he's using them everywhere.. very comfortable.. shipping was fast.. over all very satisfied. I would def. Buy again", "I love these boots!  They fit well and have held up to daily wear at work.  I am a female but purchased these boots because they were a better value than the women's and I was having a hard time finding women's boots that would hold up the way I needed them to (and in the style I wanted).After being diagnosed with CRPS in my left ankle I thought my career in law enforcement would be OVER.  These boots have saved my career and have supported my ankle enough so that on most days my ankle does not hurt even after a long shift.  The support is EXCELLENT.  My largest gripe with the boots is that I wish they had a side zipper because sometimes getting them on and off can be quite difficult.  I did not deduct a star for that because I knew they didn't have a zipper when I purchased them.  These boots are so comfortable I wear them even when I'm not working some days, especially if I know I'll be doing a lot of standing or walking.", "i am a event producer and sometimes spend 16-20 hours on my feet.  we produce aspen fashion week on an ice rink - outside - in march temps in aspen co - the only part of me that wasnt frozen this year was my feet.", "These are my first Nike boots. I always wear Timbs. I will continue to wear timbs but these boots are great contenders and are a great additional to the wardrobe not to mention their comfortable and are exact size to my foot size. I did not have to buy a half size smaller as I do with timberland boots. I've worn these on a hot day and in the snow and their quality both ways. Awesome boots!", "Comfortable however should have ordered a size up. I'll purchase yet again in the future, Nike run small!! So order up one size!!", "I got them for work and I'm using them everywhere.. very comfortable.. shipping was fast.. over all very satisfied. I would def. Buy again", "Great Shoe will buy again and again. This is a must have shoe. This review should not be this hard to do. Learn from my mistakes I will!!", "The purchase was all that I wanted !!! The shoes has an high quality and It was very cheap to be Original Nike, I think that was an excellent purchase. Thanks so much 100% recomended", "he loves them, very light weight, fits his extremely narrow heel. wish they came in more sedate colors for daily wear.", "These are my husband's absolute favorite shoe! He is on his feet all day and will only wear these shoes!", "This was an early birthday gift for my daughter and she showed them off in school the next day. She says they're very comfortable.", "I even bought the second pair & would have bought the third if I had the extra money they are the best shoes I have ever bought for the money as nike air are the only shoes I can ware", "This is a tough shoe, but for reasons I cannot seem to figure out, it really hurts my Achilles Tendon. Maybe the the height of the heel is too high? But I've had others with equally high heels that don't hurt. Maybe it is the lay of the sole? Whatever, I had to quit wearing them. After a couple of weeks, my pain was gone and I tired again. Pain came right back. So it is the shoe, but I just don't know why.", "I'm a size 6, and I wear a small in this bra.  It's a great fit and it has excellent support!", "I bought this bra for my daughter and she loved it , says its what she wanted and it is comfortable to wear all day long , and it comes in true size not bigger nor smaller . I recommend it .", "I got these for my son for soccer.  They were perfect. They look just like the picture and are well made.", "I am a person who hates to be cold.  I'm usually bundled up, even in 50 degree weather.  I purchased a Combat Hyper Warm shirt and was pleasantly surprised how warm it kept me.  I can now wear two less layers of clothing!Also, the shirt's materials feel good on my skin.", "The product fits great, keeps me warm and dry and it just looks great period. I even wear it when I layer for regular activities outside!", "It really worked well at keeping my son warm during extended exposure to the cold.  He said it really made him comfortable.", "I loved these socks so much that I bought 2 dozen of them. I wear them every day...with sneakers, shoes, boots, whatever. They're perfect. Thin enough to wear with shoes and just enough padding to wear with sneakers. They come up just right at the ankle, not too high and not too low.", "There isn't anything to complain about when buying Nike products. the socks are well made. No fading after washing and very comfortable.", "I bought these socks for my son. They are all he wears. Fit great and wash very nicely. I recommend!", "Well done packaging, exactly what I ordered, quick delivery. I got these for my boyfriend for Christmas because a few of his old ones were getting holes. He was very happy.", "Thumbs up worth it. Really good for sports or anything athletic. I use them for running or even work. I work retail, alot of walking and standing", "I'm accustomed to purchasing a medium size for almost every clothing item I buy. I bought these medium-sized socks without hesitation. I learned on delivery that medium socks in this cut are way too small for my 10.5 feet. These rolled down and under my heels within minutes of putting them on and wearing shoes. When not wearing shoes around the apartment, they're fine for coverage.Nike's own website doesn't make it immediately clear what &#34;Medium&#34; means as a size for socks. Some products list equivalent shoe sizes, some don't. So, for you, future shopper, know that Medium Nike socks are meant for men with shoes size 6-8, women 6-10.", "Size is more like 8-9. Great quality just runs small.  I have bought these Nike quarter socks before and never had this problem before.", "Ordered these for my son and he says they are very comfortable and wearing them every day.  gotta love Nike.", "received as advertised, came in within a weeks time.great built, one of the lightest shoes I have ever worn! I recommend!", "Zapatos muy comodos y buen dise&ntilde;o ademas de la buena calidad del mismo iguales a los de la imagen que se muestra", "Yes.....these ARE a great balance of excellent form & function. As they are super comfortable, look great & fit for me is perfect. Seriously, i ran into these locally & they fit so good i bought two pair on the spot. It was barely 10 seconds after i put them on that i was sold. i love the new style of tread, the Waffle outsole...with the individual square shock absorbing nodules as this configuration seems to offer a higher degree of input reactivity from the shoe.It was the look of the shoe that caught my eye at 1st....then i tried them on & Bam!.....they had me hook line & sinker....at that point it was a \"no thinker\" ....looks, comfort & price....all factors in the equation added up to a big oh yeah !!But even if i had paid full retail.....i would be happy as these instantly earned a place among my all time favorite shoes.", "I work as a CMT. I am on my feet all day long. I also do massage work on the side for a major BCS school and had to buy a pair of Nikes that were in that school's colours. The shoes are very light and breathable which is good because I live in the South. They provide the right amount of cushioning for my feet. The shoes are very versitle. Not long ago I was in Colorado visiting some very good friends. They took me snow shoeing one day in Rocky Mountain National Park. I had no other shoes to wear but the Dual Fusion. They were good for most of the 4 mile hike. My toes were getting a bit numb. I wished Nike would have thought to add some additional insulation in the fron for people who might snow shoe in them. I was out on the trail longer than expect because on of our party went ahead and we thought we lost her. Luckily she knew her way back to the car and I didn't have to be outside in the frigid temps too much longer. The next day we went snow tubing in Winter Park. The Dual Fusions were great. Lots of traction thought they were a bit too vented for going down the &#34;expert hill&#34;. I expect to buy another pair in the near future. Good job Nike on making an excellent shoe. Consider a thermal sleeve for snow shoeing and snow tubing.", "This is my fifth pair of structure running shoes. They are great for my stride as I over pronate. They have the interior support from the extra cushioning that I need na dI can get a few hundred miles out of them over more than 6 months.", "For some reason beyond my grasp, Nike has apparently made all of their newer shoes narrower than their earlier versions.  This makes it difficult for previous Nike fans to order a newer shoe in an appropriate size.  A slightly wider shoe (2E instead of D)-(from another seller, since I didn't see a wider version on Amazon) fit perfectly and was very comfortable.  Long time Nike fans would probably be better served by ordering a slightly wider shoe than they previously liked when they order a newer model.  Incidentally, although \"free returns\" were advertised when I ordered, the actual provider tried to impose a substantial RESTOCK (RIPOFF) fee for my return, in addition to requiring me to pay the postage for the return.", "My son loves the style and fit of these shoes. He is now looking for different colors. I think that all the shox sneakers are very stylish. He is very picky about his sneakers, so I was pleased when he told me that he liked them.", "These shoes are amazing! They are so light weight that you hardly know you have them on. On top of that they are so cute. They come in a wide variety of colors too.", "WOW! These shoes are absolutely perfect!We have ordered them without having the opportunity to see them in real life beforehand yet we are very satisfied.", "How can I order a shoe that does not list the shoe size, send it to me free if it fits I will pay.", "These shoes are them most comfortable and supportive I've owned.  I do a lot of high impact kick box cardio classes and these shoes are perfect for me.", "using it for a 8th grader for school. and this backpack can hold the weight and can stuff Looooots in it.", "Love them!  Nice wide forefoot area, plenty of cushioning and a built in water resistant barrier.  I returned some Asics GEL-Attack 7 Running shoe and Adidas Thrashers because the forefoot area was too small.  These are just overall a better fit for my wider foot.  It you need a narrow shoe you're going to be floating around a bit.  I just wish I'd have bought three pair when they were on sale for $69.", "I've been surprised about these tennis shoes. They are better than I expected. It has a good grip even on wet outdoor tracks or mud. It's cushion is very good and confortable, and protects from some sharp stones you could step over. I will probably buy another one when I need.", "I get a ton of compliments on these awesome shoes. I love them with jeans or for taking a walk. They are comfortable!!", "I love these shoes, they go with everything and are super comfy! The only thing is that they are leather so my feet get hot, but I love them and constantly get complements on them.  :)", "The thermal top was just as advertised and nice and toasty during those long, cold runs.  However, the item's location was actually in Europe and no where was that apparent on Amazon's website.  In fact, the only time I knew that this top came from a European dealer was when they sent me tracking information stating it could be 6 weeks before I receive my item!  Other than that, the top's great and arrived in great condition.", "I've worn Nike Air Pegasus for years and love these shoes.  I would recommend them to anyone for running or everyday use.", "That's what happens whenever I touch any metal on my treadmill when wearing these shoes!  An electrical  zap that appears to be caused by the shoes!  No zap with any of my other running shoes. Weird, but true.  Have to save these cool looking cherry shoes for non-treadmill activities.", "I wear them at work everyday and i am standing so the comfort is important, i bought the same style shoes in a different color", "Love, LOVE, LOVE!!! These shoes!Super Lightweight, grippy soles, breathable, good arch support and very comfortable.Love the color too. I would buy these again.", "I work out fairly regularly (4-5 times a week) and these shoes are super comfortable and true to size.  They withstand any type of workout I'm doing.  I'm going to purchase another pair, because I've had them for a year and am just starting to feel like it's time for another pair.", "I love these shoes. I am not a runner, but I wear them everyday to work as a preschool teacher where I am on my feet all day. They are cute and comfortable! I also wear them to do Zumba and use the elliptical machine and bikes at the YMCA at least 3x a week. I absolutely love these shoes; I only wish Amazon would have had them in purple.", "I ordered these shoes for my daughter for christmas.  I got a good price and good service.  They fit true to size and they looked even better than they had on line.", "I must admit this transaction was hassle-free. I received a notification on a Monday that it was shipped, and I was so surprised to receive the package the next day. However, I must admit I think the quality of the pair I received was questionable. Being that this is a vivid pink/grape pair of running shoes, the left shoe is more faded than the right. This must have been a floor model shoe or the faded shoe was left out of the box for a bit. I am just a little disappointed.I am not returning this order because my size is no longer available anywhere. Just a tad crushed, is all, hopefully it will even out somehow. But not 100% satisfied for sure.", "I am still trying to break them in.  They are a bit stiff. Hopefully they will loosen up more.  Nice looking and I hope they will keep the moisture out.", "I usually wear size 9, but this size 9 is from another planet size - too small.  I guess you have to go to a store to buy shoes because you can try them on.", "I only use nike tenis but this one is not that good. Not that beautifull as in the photo and hurts my feet. It arrived by the time they said.", "I like these sneakers so much that I initially bought a pair for myself, then I bought a pair for my brother and another just to keep because i have a feeling that I would have a hard time finding then again in the future for this price.", "I bought these shoes for myself after finding them on this site $20 cheaper than in the stores.  The shoe is cut narrow, so it took some time to break them in, but I love them.", "Shoes came in awesome condition! They look great, fit great, and are just plain sweet! I would recommend these shoes to anyone who wants to look good and feel good while doing it.", "Shoes are ok. Nothing awesome. They do have this really annoying plastic on the bottom that makes a clicking noise every time I take a step.", "Had these for a while, still fresh. Personally i dont want you to buy them but if you wanna show out for something then you should buy them quick. They're too exclusive.", "Very nice shoes, great design and it feels great for jogging.  The shoes look resistant, good material and very fashinable for people like me that has been using Nike all my life.", "I'm happy with the shoes and did take the recommendation of other reviews to go a 1/2 size up.  I've been a Nike 9.5 for 20+ years and I'm now comfortably wearing a 10 with this shoe.  I've ran about 25 miles on them so far and they broke in pretty easy.  The only draw back for some would be that they are not as light as many shoes in the $125+ range.  For me, I'm not running marathons so having a heavier shoe provides a better work out and they are robustly built to last.", "Why does Nike make it so hard to find these shoes?  The Shox brand by far is one of the best product lines they have ever made.  Keep in mind if you are not used to Nike shoes, they run narrow near the front of the shoe.  Order a size bigger.", "We were looking for a New England winter shoe/boot.  These are not it, just an overated sneaker.  We returned them.", "I Got exactly what i wanted! They sent it out right away and received it promptly. So far, so good. Thats what i call great service.", "Buen Precio, Entrega Rapida y Producto de buena de Calidad, tienda muy responsable. deberian enviar catalagos en fisico de otros modelos de  shoes", "These have excellent support, comfortable, they get air to your feet. True to size, a great value. I would definitely recommend them.", "These for bought for my mother in law.  She says that they fit very well and are very comfortable so what more can you ask.", "Although this shoe fit size-wise, the shoe itself felt like a heavy unbending board on my foot. I returned the walking shoe and  bought the Pegasus 30 (Pegasus bring my usual choice) even though I hated the color choices.", "I was looking for a shoe not only for walking but using on gym equipment as well. These are working out wonderful!  I would purchase again.", "I just did not know it was such a pointy toe.  I like a round toe for my shoes.  These are comfortable to wear I use them daily on the tred mill.", "These shoes are very comfortable and they fit perfectly.  I was skeptical about ordering shoes on line, but I am very happy with the fit and comfort.", "I feel very comfortable  about this shoes. It's nice and light. I really like it and I introduced some of my friend about this shoes", "Walking the dog every night is made more enjoyable with a pair of good shoes.  These fit the bill.  Highly recommended for all.", "Perfect, exactly what I was looking for. Just note that it isnt a perfect 5 star because it doesnt say how narrow the shoe actually is. Good thing mom doesnt mind the additional support.", "Need a comfy shoe for work. These are so light and look great. One of my favorite shoes ever to own. I work on my feet all day so very important . Third pair of Nike Views!!", "ZAPATOS MUY BONITOS Y LLAMATIVOS SENCILLOS PERO TIENEN UN ACABADO PERFECTO EXELENTE A MI ESPOSO LE ENCANTARON LIVIANOS Y COMODOS GRACIAS", "Exactly what I wanted, shipping was fast and the shoes are very comfortable. You can use them as running shoes or everyday shoes. Either way, they look and feel great!", "My husband loved getting these for Christmas. They have saved his feet at work. He is on his feet for 12-14 hours 6 days a week and he hasn't said a word about them hurting when he comes home... I am so grateful.", "At the time that I purchased this shoe, I also purchased two other pairs of sneakers so have only had an opportunity to wear them two times.  Both times, they were comfortable.", "This is a great walking shoe got the black and red ones.  Thought I'd get these to match, like the shoe.", "I saw these shoes during a Thanksgiving trip to NYC, but didn't have the space to travel with them. I checked around town, but nobody had my size (14), so I ordered from Amazon.I just got done playing my first game in them, and I am a huge fan. They fit like a glove, they are light, very responsive (love the Zoom Air personally), and solid. I am not sacrificing anything with these shoes. They give superior performance in terms of jumping as well as cutting, but they have plenty of support when I am making moves in the post.", "don't know what's going with these shoes but I've had these since they came out and every time I wear them I get shin splits about 45 minutes into the game, I'm not flat footed or out of shape. I think it cradles your heals in a way that causes it. I would pass on these shoes. unless your flat footed", "I received my shoes, and am happy with the fit.  I wear x-wide shoes and most stores do not sell the ones you want in that size.  Very good shoe and comfortable walking in", "These were not wide shoes, it had a sticker on the box that said it was wide, but nothing on the site said it was, & when I put it on my foot, I knew it wasn't even close.", "nice clean lite shoe.  I ordered a bit too small but still not a uncomfortable shoe.  I got what i order in a fast manner .. Can not ask for more.", "Been wearing Nike's since the 80's last 2 times I've tried to purchase them in my size I find that their definition of my size that the shoe measuring flat at a shoe store indicates I still am and what they actually make and label have somewhat changed over the years. Probably not ever going to even bother trying to find a pair of Nikes in my size again since they obviously are begin made by pointy-toed elves now who think 3 and a half inches = &#34;wide&#34;.Also this is flagged as Amazon Prime and &#34;FREE RETURNS&#34; yet I was forced to pay for my own shipping back to this reseller (Not Amazon!) after getting the return authorization.Not cool at all.", "These are simple tennis shoes but well made.  None of the silly fashion trends in these ...just good shoes.  Arch support could be a little stronger but otherwise perfect for what I want.....", "I purchased these as a Christmas gift for my son. He needeBasingerir of all black shoes for work. He has always preferred Nike, so this was a no brainer. He says they are very comfortable and he is on his feet his whole shift.", "Very comfortable and First class construction-quality. I selected the Grey,s because I thought they were the most stylish. Will be purchasing more Nike Men,s walking shoes, if and when I wear these out.", "I had to get some new turf shoes because mine started to fall apart lol. I was looking around and I found this shoes, man, Im so glad I got them, the fit perfectly, almost like a glove, they really improve you performance too, definitely a must buy even if your not on a major soccer league XD. I got them from soccer4you, a great seller, he helped me with the order because amazon showed he only had size 6.5, but he sent the right size upon request. NIKE NIKE5 BOMBA FINALE (MENS)", "I expected a decent shoe and that's what I got yo money check it boom goes the dynamite duh word", "The shoes is very nice and has a light weight but the size 9wide doesn't fit it's too narrow as expected.", "I do a fair amount of walking in my small town (several miles per weekend), and these shoes function perfectly in that capacity.", "Why is this109 dollars when it came out LAST year. Ther are other pairs of these shoes that are so much better and there less money lower the price and you might get more sales", "I bought this for my son who plays basketball. I bought them a year ago and they still look great for a 11-12 year old owning them! My son does take care of his shoes but he is still a kid so I am glad to see that the shoes look great a year later! My son does wear them all the time not just playing basketball. He is just about out of the shoe now but they look very good and I am glad that for the money I paid that they DID NOT fall apart. I would buy these again and recommend them.", "My son absolutely loves them. They are heavier than the Mercurials, but a better fit and better overall ball control.", "I NEED SIZE 10.5.....PLEASE PLEASE...THIS SHOE IS SO PERFECT AND AWSOME...I REALLY LIKE IT....THE BEST BASKETBALL SHOE IS THIS ONE....FITS SO PERFECTLY.....", "I bought these for my son for Christmas, he loves them. He says they are super light and fit great!!", "Theses are great shoes for the serious basketball player. They perform well, and are comfortable, flexile and light weight.  Plus, they have Nike great design.", "I ordered the wrong size for a needy family for a Christmas Angel Tree when the spreadsheet with the boy's size was incorrect.", "Comfortable and stylish. Well made.  My daughter loves playing basketball and thinks these shoes are fun. She loves the Velcro strap and lace combination.", "muy buen producto muy satisfecho con la entrega y el producto recomendado 100% seguere comprando sin ningun problema en amazon", "Ordered these shoes for my daughter and they were delivered the day they said they would be.  They fit true to size and we had no problems! A first when ordering cheer shoes. We have not figured out how to change the colors but not a big deal because she can't wear anything in the swoosh anyways. Great find.", "oh estos son muy confortabesmuy buenos megustan  muchopara mi estos son muy bueno comodo y no golpean como otros", "tacos agradables al colocar, buenos para todo tipo de c&eacute;sped tremendo impulso buen material se adapta con gran facilidad para tomar potencia en el recorrido", "They for perfect ..couldn't be better. I would recommend these and buying from this buyer anyday. Cant wait to play football in them and ball out!", "...Cleats arrived exactly in time for my son's soccer game. What impressed us most was the break-in period-totally unnecessary! The shoes fit perfectly and he went from box to game with them and didn't even get a blister. They are softer, more flexible and a lighter shoe for running. We always buy the best shoes for our athletes and were surprised when he didn't want the kangaroo leather shoes again. These were significantly cheaper and truly a better shoe.", "disculpen la tardanza para la calificacion debido que no habia llegado la mercancia a mi pais las nik mercurial victory ii son las mejores por eso las compro gracias por su producto", "My daughter plays volleyball and goes through shoes every season.  These are as described but not any better than others we have tried in the past. Arrived a head of time", "These shoes are extremely comfortable and stylish.  These are my absolutely favorite pair to wear to the gym, when hiking, on extended outings....you name it.  I've worn them so much, it's high time for a new pair.  I have not been able to find them anywhere.  I really like the color combinations and the fit.  I would highly recommend & definitely purchase again.  :)", "Thank You. Very Good Product. My Son Is Very Happy. Good Timing Too. Correct Size Info On The Site. Accurate", "Had worn it on grass, sandy surfaces, mud..and traction is super! I no longer worry about slipping when I move, and can concentrate more on my shooting. Great shoes!!!!", "I have been wearing the cortez sneaker since high school (which was a long time ago) and they are hard to find in certain colors so I was excited to replace my old white on black with new ones. No problems with purchase and the package arrived on time.", "I really like this shirt! I love the way it feels and I like the way it looks! I will definitely recommend this shirt to family and friends.", "I love these so much i bought a larger size just because i can't find them anywhere-great for poolside, or a trip to the store!", "These fit good. They are more like boat shoes, the old flat bottom &#34;sneakers&#34; that were around for years. As such they don't provide as much support as a running type sneaker. But for moderate walking they are good.", "Not true to U.S. sizes. I wear a 9D but I could probably wear a 9.5E in this shoe. Very snug on toes and sides of forefoot, and yes, I adjusted the laces. I owned a pair of the original Tailwind from 2009 that was true to size and was a fantastic shoe that carried me through two marathons with upwards of 1000 miles of wear before going flat. Seems maybe true size is sacrificed for lighter weight these days. The shoe looks great! That's about it for me.", "These sunglasses are wonderful.  The lenses are extremely clear.  Ths is,y there pair of nike sunglasses and I am never disappointed.", "Buen producto, aunque es un poco incomodo en la parte delantera, sin embrago es buen producto.Buen producto, aunque es un poco incomodo en la parte delantera, sin embrago es buen producto.", "I have a wider than normal foot, so take that into consideration when reading this review.The shoe has a plastic type form that goes from the shoelaces down horizontally on each side.  This looks alright, but the problem is that this creates an awkward transition for your pinky toe.  For me it ended up giving me blisters and I ended up giving the shoes to a friend who said he could use them occasionally but not all the time.  So maybe better for casual wear or for occasional use.", "Shoes arrived different color then posted on Amazon's web sight. There is not blue in the shoes, they are all white.", "This shoes looks  very nice on me, perfect fit . I like combination of  colors aand stile. They are very comfortable", "I like to have a fresh, stylish, timeless quality about my appearance.  This shoe helps give my wardrobe that little pop with my jeans and a great sport shirt like Robert Graham.", "Love the look & feel. Great for dance classes like Zumba. Makes turns much easier. No sticking to the floor.", "I needed some actual shoes for my Zumba classes that were designed for high impact dancing and these fit the bill!!  Very comfortable, stylish and support your feet.", "I was happy to see a half size option... but it was far too narrow and short. My toes felt crunched.", "This is my second pair of Nike Musique.  I love this shoe.  Instantly comfortable.  I'm a Zumba instructor and use these shoes a lot with no problems. The cool gray color is the best--goes with everything.", "I love my shoes, they are stylist and comfortable. I am happy I chose them. They arrived on time and I highly recommend them.", "These Are a must for aerobics and Zumba...great torsion moves! This shoe runs small. I wear an 8 1/2.... I am wearing a 9 in these.", "I love my Nike Musique.  They pivot well and offer great support.  In fact, I've recommended them to others in my class and they liked them too.  I just wish they came in brighter (zumba-like) colors.  Otherwise a fantastic shoe for dancing.", "Shoes are very lightweight and are very comfortable for long walks or jogs. They fit like a slipper and are as light as as slipper", "These shoes are some of the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned. However, after having them for 3 months the stitching is starting to fall apart mainly in the lip of the shoe, hopefully these shoes don't completely fall apart. I would defiantly buy another pair and I would recommend these to anyone.", "Fits great and very light. Feels like its made of something like card board, but I'm pretty sure its not. A little wider than the previous generation, which I had trouble putting my feet in.", "Very comfortable with lots of support! I was surprised by how light they are. The color was not what I expected. I thought they were more purple but actually the color is closest to bright pink. Still love them!", "This was my first time ordering sneakers offline so i was a lil nervous about are they real etc. There was a number to call so I called and got the owner Chris,he was great and explained everything and made me feel like my money was in good hand.. I even  explained my birthday was in a couple days and worried if they would make it in the and they made it before expected which was great he even threw in a pair or Jordan socks with my shoes.I will definitely be buying my shoes from here for now on to avoid the waiting in like for Jordans and will tell all my friends and family about my great experience about on line sneaker buying I can't speak for all companys but this company is GREAT! Thanks Chris..", "Packaging was somewhat flimsy, but these are great flip flops and the price was right. No complaints from my Mom so I assume all is good :)", "The most comfortable flippers ever great quality great choise of colors. Love em...I recommend then especially for people with feet that hurt comfy hence the name.", "Quality shoes for my sons big feet. It is very diffcult to find shoes that fit my sons feet. The shoes arrived as promised in time for Christmas.", "my son usually wears a size 13 but they didn't have any half sizes so I went to a whole size larger, glad I did but they will only probably last this year due to the shoes just fitting him", "did not state material had suede makes a difference...returned ..for lack of relevant information..suede tends to discolor especially after getting wet", "I did some research before ordering these for my husband who plays in three different men's basketball leagues.  My husband is 6'9\" and plays center.  Some other reviewers mentioned this shoe as a great shoe for a center.  I decided to try it, and my husband can't stop raving about them.  They are extremely light and enable him to move around quickly on the court.  He said he hasn't felt that light since his college playing days!  The last pair I got him were Nike Shox and in comparison to those (which are markedly heavier than these just in holding them in your hands), he said it's like playing with new feet.  He also doesn't have the aches and pains in his ankles that he used to have with the other shoes.", "The seller of this product has excellent customer service skills. The product arrived ahead of schedule. These will be a Christmas present for my son. He has wanted these since they first came out. They were easy to locate online via Amazon. Paying for them was also simplicity at its best. I have a busy schedule. So shopping online is a must. The sneakers are what my son wanted.", "I bought these shoes thinking i was getting some good shoes, but i was wrong. These were some fake a** shoes. All the other people commenting saying these shoes were good and amazing, they obviously arent sneaker heads. These are not legit shoes and do not buy them unless you do not care about wearing fake shoes. I was the stupid one thinking it was smart to buy shoes off amazon, these are overpriced and fake. KD V retail for $115 and i bought these for $200!!! DO NOT BUY!!", "Kevin Durant loves video games and so do i. So when he made this shoe in inspiration of this love of video games, i had to buy them. He knows how to put his ideas into fashion.", "I bought these pair of shoes thinking they were like tennis shoes, they seem to be, not arent. easy to clen, good choice for school uniform...!", "I loved the look of the shoe but they were just too small for me. Return process was simple and quick.", "Reasonably attractive shoe, but the laces come untied constantly and the shoe is a bit stiff, so I have to really force my son's foot in there.  Accordingly, these shoes spend a lot of time in the closet.", "They looked really bulky and fat/ Wide not like the store and I am not a big fan of returning items especially through the mail", "Brought a size 6.5 in boys size.... I a woman that wears a 8 in woman's... They r real and the same ones that r in the stores in Nyc.... I have 5 different colors n now this is number 6......", "They're a little snug around my son's feet, which aren't particularly wide.  However the length is as expected.  Very cushioned.", "Had these when they 1st came out. I wear a 6.5 in women and the 4.5 fits good. The sneaker is wider than other sneakers (Jordan's).", "i've always liked the style of the max 95 shoes. they make my feet look a little wide but i still wear them. great buy. they came on time and are as described", "My son Loves them, these shoes made his Christmas.  Nice fit good comfort in the padded souls good buy all day.", "The style is very good. But too small, very tight. Sadly a purchase. This is the same size as before I buy but too tight.", "un par de zapatos que todo amante del soccer deberia tener, son de muy buena calidad, el dise&ntilde;o es exactamente igual al de las fotografias, me siento muy comodo cuando los uso, y los uso muy frecuentemente!", "Love these sneaker heels!!! This fit almost as expected, they were a tad narrow when I initially put them on. But loosened up to the shape of my feet. They are also superrrr comfy.", "Nike Women's Sneaker Wedge Dunk Sky HI PRM Black/Linen 585560-001 (SIZE: 8)...very good & very nicemy wife is very happy", "Great fit and quality for the price.  I gave them as a gift and was well received.  They look really good too.", "real nice shoes Nike they fit real good look good and they got to me a head of time ya", "My son plays basketball and needed new sneakers to exercise. He just loved his new shoes, because it is very comfortable, he felt safe playing with it. Recommend to basketball players.", "These are a really sharp looking pair of shoes. My son likes them a lot and says that they are really comfortable to wear.", "like I said I did love the stile of the nikes, they were just a little to big. The white and blue nikie shoe is what I wanted", "It is real leather with good quality. However, it is more suitable for a pair of slim feet. I feel a bit tight since my feet are a little wide. My suggestion for later buyers is if you have a pair of slim feet, then try them on, and the price is quite reasonable.", "This was a Christmas present for my dad and he loved them. They fit him just perfect!!! Merry Christmas yay", "Nice look fits well. Good price and love the style. Nike is always a good dependable shoe. Great for my Grandson for school.", "Fit very well. Very confertable too. The price you can't beat, and they arrive very fast. Two thumbs up for these", "I feel ok, although they are a little bit tight, but the size is the one I chose, so I think no problem. Good!", "I loved the look of this shoe but unfortunately they were to narrow for my feet. The colors and graphics looked exactly like the picture. Return was simple and hassle free.", "I bought this shoes and let me tell you, they are very comfortable shoes you will ever wear. I've been to a lot of shoe stores they all have low top shoes that make your feet hurt. I will recommend this shoes to anyone.", "my daughter loves her new basketball shoes. they fit great and perform very well. would recommend to anyone. very happy with the purchase.", "I'm a big fan of Nike golf clothing.  Love how it keeps me cool and fits great.  This one fits a little slimmer than others but I like it a lot.  Great look and feel.", "I really like this shirt.  This shirt is comfortable and stylish.  It goes well dressed up or worn in a more casual setting.", "Consegu&iacute; estos calzados en oferta y sin pensarlo 2 veces los compre, soy de Venezuela y aqu&iacute; desde hace mucho tiempo no hay calzados de cuero genuino  y con tan buen acabado como este y mas aun por un precio tan bajo, al recibirlos quede impresionado con la buena calidad del mismo,se ajustan perfectamente al pies y al caminar se puede sentir la gran comodidad..lo recomiendo ampliamente.", "my son love it, very good material and nice look, my son love it, very good material and nice look", "The item in the picture looks much smaller than it is. This however is not great for me. I purchased it as a present for my husband who refuses to check luggage. I was unaware of how large it actually is although the dimensions are shown. I didn't think about it until it arrived at my home and boy, is it big. This would be great for someone who likes the roller and duffle bag features and packs alot. This bag is just a little too big for those that don't over pack and only take carry-on luggage. Otherwise, it looks really sturdy and has a nice design.", "I chose this rating because it's the truth! The shoes fit perfectly, the colors were perfect as shown in original picture. Thanks so much these are his basketball shoes!", "Just received the shoes today. They look classy and hot at the same time. THe carbon fiber parts are really shiny, so although its a white shoe it will definitely stand out. Grey sole goes nicely with the shoes. Love these shoes, looks like the shoes wont be that difficult to clean since the carbon fiber is plastic. I just love the clean look of the shoes.", "It is very difficult to find a size 13 men's shoe for a 12 year old boy. The shoe is very well made and durable giving the foot all the support it needs. It is very stylish too! A great buy!", "They were for my son. Excelent quality. The color is like we expected. Very good product. My son likes them.", "Got these as a Christmas gift for my nephew and he hasn't stopped raving about them. Two enthusiastic thumbs up!", "Picked these shoes up at the local Nike store, 100% authentic. Got them for $69.99 there, so if you can get into a footlocker/Nike store then I would recommend getting them there instead of online - you'll get them quicker, can try them on, and they'll be cheaper.As for the actual review:-PROS--Very comfortable-Very clean, solid shoe-Looks great. Exactly as pictured.-Fits perfect, the size doesn't run small/large, should fit exactly as it says-Made of great material-Doesn't crease easily!-Quick to break in-Durable shoe-Nice cushioning with the insoles-Has a high tongue-Seems to conform to your foot slightly-CONS--Shoe is very tight when you first get it out of the box, very hard to put on (loosen the laces and you're fine)-Sort of squeaks when you walk in it sometimes. Can be noticeably loud in some cases.-Very stiff when you first get it, but after you break it in, it's fine.-Laces are kind of long in my opinion, not a huge deal at allOverall, despite the cons, I certainly give them 5 stars. The cons are easily dealt with (pretty much all of them go away once you break it in, and you can stuff the laces inside the shoe if you don't need to tie them) and the shoe is just awesome overall. Definitely a good deal if you can snag it at the local Nike/shoe store. For $70, you can't beat it. Get these shoes.", "He loved them. They was a total surprise. They kind of went with the NASCAR JACKET I got for him, also.", "I bought these for my son.  They fit him perfect and he loved them.  The color and description was as described.", "These are the best Kobes ever.  5s, 6s, no matter - these are the best.  Wish I could get them again.  Lots of positive comments from fellow ballers.", "I have the synthetic version of these cleats.  I really liked them, they fit well and molded to my feet.  Unfortunately, after 18 months of playing two times a week, the synthetic fabric torn on the outside of the shoe near the widest part of the foot where the fabric meets the sole.  I was hoping they would last longer than 18 months. I suspect this cleat is a little too narrow for my foot, my foot is slightly wider than average.  So, if you feet are of a normal width, they should last longer.", "I wear this to make me more visible to drivers while biking roads in northern NJ. I was so amazed at how cool it was on the hottest days that I bought a second one. It's my favorite shirt when exercising outdoors on a hot day. I have other cool-technology moisture-wicking shirts but this one is the best by far.", "Good fit and arrived on time.  No surprises about the style.  The color described says \"Solar Red\" but the color is basically hot pink, which is what I wanted, but may not be what YOU want.  Definitely not \"red\" if that is what you are shopping for.Women:  If you wear a 8.0 in Nike Women's sizes, you'll prob. be a 6.5 in boys sizes.  Try it! Much cheaper and gives you more style/color variety!", "My nephew requested lime green Jordan's and a lime green jacket! TY for making the Jordan's an easy find and purchase! The shoes arrived on time and were packaged well!", "These shoes are great. The sizing actually runs true to size rather than other styles running a little on the small side.", "The shoes fit well and were exactly what I was looking for.  They arrived on time and easy packaging to open as well.", "I am Nike fun more than 10 years,It is first time, I felt it is not good product of Nike.The plastic of cover could touch or hurt ankle when you wore it and run to play tennis.maybe it is cause by the plastic too hard, so you will feel a stick continue to hit the ankle.", "Muy buenos y bonitos y el precio definitivamente es muy bueno para el producto es todo lo que esperaba recibir.", "Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do SulStart the price and the style of this shoes. for running and all day long. I do recommend", "Cool shoe. Very comfortable and stylish. Would definitely order in many colors. I wear these to work and they are perfect.", "Fits true to size and held up very well with constant wear. Easy to wipe clean, doesnt show dirt like lighter shoes. Very fast delivery and packaged nicely. Arrived earlier than expected.", "This quality Nike back pack is perfect for a college student or for someone on the go, like a walker or bicyclist. It has massive amounts of room. It is well-made. Recommended!", "YA RECIBI LOS ZAPATOS PARA MI HIJO SON MUY BONITOS IGUALES A LA FOTO GRACIAS.SON UN MODELO QUE AQUI EN MI PAIS NO LOS HE VISTO DISE&Ntilde;O COMODO Y SOBRE TODO MUY ORIGINALES EN CUANTO AL DISE&Ntilde;O", "I gave these to my Son for Christmas, and he absolutely loved them. Which made me so happy because I couldn't afford the more expensive ones and these were right on budget. They run about a 1/2 size bigger than most tennis shoes, my Son is a size 6 now, but I knew they ran a little bigger from a previous purchase, so I figured 5 1/2 would work.", "This is an awesome shoe! Fits well and holds your foot secure with a built in ankle neoprene front/rear tongue pull tab, which is made out of thick durable stretchy neoprene. Very durable, but the shoe slights bends on the side by the toe box. i haven't had the shoe long enough to know if it will crease n tear. Other than that, very comfy and so far seemingly well made!", "Arrived on time, package was packed well. They fit as expected. I would suggest if you are a 30&#34; leg or shorter these would be too long for you.", "I GOT THESE DUE 2 THE FACT MY MAN ALWAYS IN NIKES.. HE PICKED THESE OUT FOR ME & I'M HAPPY 2 SAY THAT, I WILL BE GETN NIKE SHOX FROM NOW ON!!! LOVE MY SHOES...", "Bought These for my husband for his Birthday! I LOVE Air Max, and now he does too. Great addition to his Wardrobe.", "Awesome lightweight shoe that my husband loves. Authentic Nikes that are true to size and he can wear them for work or play.", "Muy buena compra, unos zapatos muy c&oacute;modos y excelentes para un buen partido de basketball. Recomendable para todos, llegaron muy bien ac&aacute; a Ecuador.", "I just used these once so far and I they are very light.  They will definitelly not work for cold weather, but for summer they will be awsome.  Several of my buds have purchased these and it seems everyone is happy with them.", "Very good value for the price. They adjust very well to your ankle and don't feel your foot loose. Sole doesn't look very thick, though, so I believe it's better not to use them very often on pavement courts.", "I bought these sneakers for my active 14 year old son. The suede-like material ripped from rubber sole on the inside side of the sneaker from the ball of the toe to the heel within two months of wear. Also the red rubber sole was separating in the middle of the shoe. I was very disappointed in the quality of these Nike shoes. I would have expected them to last longer. I would not buy these again.", "And wow oh wow do they make his feet look hot. Very young very comfortable and stylish. The right color to go with his Philadelphia Eagles!", "HOW COME THERE IS NO SIZE 10.5 FOR THIS NIKE ZOOM HYPERDUNK 2011 TB BASKETBALL SHOES...PLEASE I WILL BUY SIZE 10.5....I REALLY LIKE IT...FIRST SHOE THAT REALLY FEEL COMFORTABLE FOR ME WHEN IM PLAYING. SO AWSOME...MAKES ME COMPLETE ON THE COURT.....I REALLY LIKE IT...SO IS IT POSSIBLE TO MAKE TEH SIZE 10.5 AVAILABLE..COLOR BLUE WHITE, RED WHITE, LIGHT GREEN WHITE, YELLOW WHITE....THANKS A LOT IF ITS HAPPENING....", "Just look at the design and color.  Very easy to break in, comfortable and high ankle support.  Seller sells authentic merchandise.  Recommend these kicks!", "Didn't realize these were coming from out of the country.  Having to go to the post office to pick these up was a hassle!", "Loved these shoes, best looking Jordan's out in my opinion. Well worth the buy. Very comfortable and pretty stylish too", "My 6th grader wanted a &#34;high end&#34; basketball shoe and he really loves these.  They fit well and are very comfortable.  He's been wearing them a few weeks, playing basketball now and they are holding up.  Great shoe for an amazing Amazon price!", "GREAT SHOES..worth 5 star rating what can i say these are air jordan shoes so nothing else to debate as they are worth every penny any child loves", "Ordered as part of my husbands christmas gift. He loves them! He says they are not too thick and not too skimpy.The quality of these socks are great!", "The value was good for 3 pairs of socks and the color combination was good.  My grandson likes having 3 new pairs of socks.  The price was very fair for the set.", "love the colors they fit her great and she also the shoes diffently buying more shoes off of here  thanks!", "I bought these for my son and he lovery them very comfortable, true to size and they were brand new! Thanks", "The Jordan v.9's are an ok shoe. The only downside to them to me is that they're uncomfortable on my feet. I don't have wide feet at all and I had to really squeeze my feet in them. They literally suffocate my feet. If I had wide feet I would not be able to get my feet into them. I've read that the shoes seams started ripping out after two weeks of wear but I probably won't be wearing these shoes much . I may give them away. I highly recommend buying the Jordan v.2's instead of these.", "Love Nike but not really a &#34;JORDAN&#34; fan, but what can I say, It's a sporty shoe that was very reasonably priced!! LOVE THEM!", "I like the Nike Free shoes but the shoe in the picture was not exactly what I received.  The picture here shows a light pink and the shoes that I received had this neon hot pink (which I am not too fond of) but I kept them because the shoes are extremely comfortable.", "This was a gift. Good price. Arrived on time. Very pleased with the product and the process. Thanks so much", "Although Nike is generally a pricey brand and sometimes not worth it, this time is was. Not only does the shirt look really nice, but it fit extremely well. I normally have some issues with shirts as I am a medium in length, but usually need a large for my arms/chest to fit without being overly tight. However, with this shirt it fit perfectly. I really like the Dri-fit technology as well. Even during the hot months I did not get a sweat spot on my back during strenuous work, which will happen with non moisture wicking shirts. I saw some other of these shirts at a Nike store in Las Vegas and was thinking about getting another, but I figured I would get a better price if I bought them online.", "So, I ordered what I thought was a wide shoe and my foot hurts in them I'm a decent sized guy but wanted to get in shape while deployed. Where I am at there are no stores, not a PX, BX, or an exchange. So, I ordered my shoes with the idea that I was ordering a 10 normal and got a 9. I checked the site after the order was completed and it said 9. So, it was a glitch in the button on the site. Maybe the script was written wrong. Every pair of shoes I own is a size 10 and don't think I would have made that mistake. As we don't have mail for anything besides letters in Afghanistan, I couldn't have even tryed to send them back. So, now I am stuck with a 100 dollar pair of shoes that don't even fit.", "They are comfy, and no shoe laces is great! They can be a little hard to put on, but they look good!", "Aye man i dun copped me a pair uh deez and homiee lemme tell ya deyzz nicee. I look flya denz a frizbee in deez clockas. Deez will make you fresh da deth and on fresh fit friday you aint got nuttin to worrybout LoccTru Loke will spit you a verse how deez  shoez is fresh like a apple when i stepp down the coress like a snapple napple gz wanna be and foos wanna see me cuz deez shoes iz so fresh like a lady in a bakini", "They were a little stiff before I broke them in but beyond that they are great shoes. I like that they are Jordans and they are casual enough to wear to work without drawing attention to myself.", "I really liked the older CB2 shoes for the fit and support they provided. I was initially disappointed when this pair arrived as the shoe has been changed from older versions. They no longer have the buckle for the top strap it is now only a Velcro piece, however, they still fit well and are just as comfortable as the older versions.", "Bought these for my adult daughter and although had to return the first pair because of sizing....she absolutely loves them.  They are beautiful and very comfortable.", "This is a good-looking shoe, but it is not a comfortable shoe, and definitely not a performance shoe.  I was really suprised that the Air Jordan brand would produce such a low quality product.  The upper is a stiff synthetic material, and the soles feel thin and squishy.  These shoes do not deserve the jumpman logo.", "I bought this shoe to my friend who is a big soccer fan. He's so please with it and now he can practice every day with no worries as he says :).", "I love these shoes! Nice fit, very comfortable, and very stylish! I would recommend them to anyone who is as active as me and loves a nice pair of running shoes that can keep up!", "excelente  el producto me llego a tiempo  la talla y el modelo perfecto gracias  desde venezuela beso gracias gracias gracias", "These sneakers are great and I love wearing them for more than running.  I would recommend them and the price is reasonable.", "Made in China gets a whole new meaning with products like this:  Rubber and plastic are probably the only materials that gone into this product. If you want something nice do yourself a favor and keep shopping.", "These shoes are very comfortable. They are  true to size and look very nice. They arrived very fast and in new condition. Would definately order from seller again. If you are looking for a good priced and comfortable shoe, this is the one.", "Comfortable shoes, nice look, and true to size.  Good price, quick service and I am now all set to run.", "I bought these shoes for my daughter for Christmas and she really liked them. They fit as expected and arrived on time.", "Love the style and very comfortable. Exactly what I was looking for! Very pleased with these shoes! Can be worn for casual wear or a workout.", "all good the shoes are verry pretty, arribve on time, all good any problems with this, shoes of best quality", "me encantan estos zapatos son super lindos y muy muy comodos me encantan estos zapatos son super lindos y muy muy comodos", "I hate socks that have that extra band of elasticity around the middle of the foot.  The picture doesn't show it and the description fails to mention it.  Because I didn't want to pay return postage, I gave these away still on the hook.", "I bought these for my 10 year old who wanted a pair in the worst way! He really likes them and I do too. They are not to flashy and hide dirt and all the other stuff that little boys get on their shoes :)", "This is my second pair of these. The fit is a little tight at first but I have come to love them. They will stretch out just enough to make a perfect fit. I'm wearing them right now and they are always the first choice boots.", "The Nike Tailwinds have been a staple on my feet for years.  To find a pair at such a great price was a joy to my feet.", "I have owned Nike Tailwinds in the past for my bad feet and I have always loved them.  I love the Tailwind having air throughout the entire shoe, not just in the heel. I decided to try a pair of cheap Asics and I am sorry that I did.  The Asics wore out quickly and caused my heels to hurt after runs or long walks.  So, I am back to my Nike Tailwinds and my feet have not hurt since.  The only thing I will say about them is this; they look just like the picture above.  They are grey, white and neon pink- not \"red\" as described.  I can live with the neon pink knowing that my feet love these shoes.", "I love these shoes. They support my large frame and heavy stride with ease. Sometimes (I have owned 7 or 8 pair) the tread comes off easily. These are not made as well as they used to be. Also, the color description said black/silver/red....they are very grey and very orange.", "My grandson loved these Jordans, and the color was excellent, as it did not show up at school with other kids wearing the same thing. Living in a small population, there is always a tendency of other kids wearing the same kind.", "These sneaker are an Very comfortable and cute. The neon laces are a great contrast to the black & white pattern of the shoe.", "The product feels good. It's lite, it allows me to run with comfort. In all, this is a great buy and a great shoe.", "I got this for my 4 year old, who's a die hard Jordan fan. The shoes are very stylish and soo cute. My only dislike is the fact that the shoelaces get undone so easily, even if i double knot them.. (My son doesn't know how to tie his shoes so yeah it can get annoying to have to bend down every time they get undone!) That is the only reason why they got a 4 star other than that they're perfect..", "muy lindos, practicos y duraderos.estoy satisfecha con esta compra y la atenci&oacute;n recibidagracias por considerar nuestras sugerencias y comentarios.", "I received the item faster than expected. I previously had the exact same pair. I like them i had to get them again", "These are high quality nice looking sandals.  Bought them for my son before vacation.  He loves them.  Had them for almost a year now and they still look great & aren't worn out!", "i absolutely love them thank god i started xmas shoppn early cause these woulda been gone and they are my daughters gonna love hers lol i love mine she like mine dnt know she got a pair too", "Always have loved Nike Air Max Goadome.  First time where price was affordable and I'm glad because it was well worth the buy.  Love the color and they are very comfortable.", "These are the best shoes i've ever worn.  It's terrible when my feet go from being in these shoes to being in other shoes.  They're just so damn comfortable.  I'd make babies with them.", "fit true to size.  look even better in person, have held up very well.  my son wants to take them from my husband cuz they are really neat shoes.", "I purchased these shoes for my significant other for Christmas which he didn't think I was buying him anything.  Surprise!! Surprise!! He was totally shocked and loved them.  However, I received them the Friday after Christmas as stated.  They were packaged nicely.  I'm loving my new Amazon account.", "These shoes lasted all but 1 weeks before they lost air and started to make me walk slanted. Save your money these are not worth it.", "I've been wearing Air Max 360's for years due to a knee problem. These are like running on air. I would't wear any other running shoes.", "the gym shoes arrived quickly. exactly as pictured and size true to fit. my husband loves them! hard to find shoes in his size so was nice to find some in his size actually in stock!", "los felicito por tan buena atenci&oacute;n y responsabilidad. . . . . . . . . . . . . .", "I wish they still made these. Although the paint on the bottom started to come off. I sent them off to Nike and they gave me a refund.", "The shoes are very comfortable, I love the colors, but.....I found the same shoes at Sports Authority for $89.00 as opposed to the $140.00 I spent here :(", "With 400+ miles on these Zooms they are still holding up. I just ordered a pair of Zoom Elite 6+ and I hope they are as good as the 5s.", "I wear wide shoes because of my wide feet.  This Nike shoe is really good and offers good quality for the price.  The comfort and appearance are great and the red shoelaces make it look cool.  I would have given 5 stars but the only negative is the super lightweight tongue.  The tongue bunches up in the shoe when I out it on.  Not a big deal but worth mentioning.", "Lo recomiendo excelente, muy buen articulo y son muy comodo, mi esposa lo utiliza tanto para ejercicios como de paseos", "Almost no weight making it unfelt! Fits perfect, smooth and comfortable. It perfectly meets what I expected. Highly recommended for exercising.", "It is now January 6, 2013.  I bought these in June 2012.  I wear the heck out of these shoes and they've felt great since the first day.  I wear them day to day, but I also run in them.  The soles are starting to wear a little bit, but they are still super comfortable.It might be the shoe when I run, but when I run passed the 10 mile mark, I start to feel pinching near the ball of my foot.  That's the only real complaint I have.This is the 2nd generation of free's I've had and I will probably get another set of free's after I am done with these.", "I love Nike running shoes. I really do; Nike is the only brand I wear, but this pair almost turned me off them completely. Very uncomfortable, very poorly made. The soles are put together weird, so they squeak when you walk. The tread is made of some weird foam that doesn't provide proper traction, but squeaks really loud when you get it wet. Just the other day I walked through a little damp grass to go inside and a friend made a comment about how loud they were, just to give you an idea of how bad a problem this is. After only a few months of wear, the support collapsed almost completely. I am very disappointed by these shoes and will not purchase anything from the vomero line ever again.", "after about two months of searching i have decided to go with those beautiful pair of Nike shoes, i'm really glad that i have got them, look nice and my feet feel comfortable wearing them. go nike!", "The cusion of the sole has changed and Vomero has not been the same for years now.  Please go back to the former sole material.", "This is the last pair of vomeros I buy. I have had each iteration and after 3 or 4 they have become increasing worse. They are less \"cushiony\" and (I know it's not supposed to matter to a real runner) less stylish. They still do the job, but are not the quality they were a few years ago.", "I love this shoe.  It's light enough to be a racing flat, but has enough support for every day running.  I alternate between three pairs: two for training, one for racing.", "The Vomero 7 fits like a glove, and feels absolutely amazing. The mid-foot support system molds to your foot when you tighten the laces, so the shoes fit your feet like they were custom made for you. In two days of walking everywhere in them my heel spurs were gone. My feet don't hurt anywhere, and the shoe is super light. I am buying another pair so I'll have another one when this pair wears out.", "el paquete llego en buen estado. son los zapatos tal cual se ven en la imagen. lo califico de muy bueno", "This is my second pair of Nike Air Max running shoes.  In 2012, I paid about $115.00 for the first pair and recently paid $128.00 on Zappos for this pair.  The new shoes are all black in color with some reflective highlights.  Both pairs fit very comfortably.  I started a minimal running program in Sept of 2013 and was averaging about 2--3 miles per day, 6-7 days a week with the first pair.  They still fit well and show average sole wear after 90 days of running.Last month, I purchased a pair of Aiscs Gel Nimbus 14's for $85.00 on Amazon to continue running outdoors and use the first pair of Nike's inside on the elliptical.  The Nike insole pad showed a lot of wear and I have replaced it.  Not surprised based on the previous hard mileage from my outdoor running program.  I find the Nike's feel more comfortable while running outdoors, but they also aggravate shin and knee soreness.  The Aiscs feel less supportive and padded during the outdoor runs, but my shins and knees feel better.  That's not due to the brand of running shoe and most likely my running style and body build.I use the new Nike pair for work and have received a few compliments about the color and style.  Nike Air Max Excellerate is a very comfortable shoe for daily wear and should last for many months of average usage.  They are worth the money spent on a good quality running and walking shoe.", "I bought these for my daughter.  She said they were very comfortable and gave the needed support for her hip hop dance practice.", "I love these shoes!! So comfortable! I get so many compliments on these shoes every time I wear them.** One thing to note is that they may feel a little snug at first and you may think you should have ordered a bigger size but don't! They fit perfectly once you break them in. Takes about a day or 2. Or you can take them on a run and that should do the trick. If you are someone who normally buys Nike's then you know they tend to run a little on the bigger side so I recommend you order your usual Nike size (for me its typically 1/2 size smaller)", "My daughter loved the shoes!!! She is happy with them. Would order in a different color if they get them.", "These shoes are amazing they are so comfortable and fit perfectly. I love them the look of them and how they fit and there really comfortable. These are the shoes to get. I looooooooove them!!!!!!!!1", "This shoe has worn-out quickly.  The top fabric has holes already.  Based on the feel of the shoe I suspected this before purchase but my daugther insistent on this exact brand and make.  I gave in.  Based on the price I hate that I was correct about the short life of the shoe.", "I am so pleased with my Frees...They came quickly even though it was the holiday season. I ended up buying 2 more pair for my daughter and her husband...Thank you!", "These shoes are amazing, The colors are fabulous and they are SO comfortable. I had surgery on my foot so I am always on the hunt for a good shoe- and I think I found my perfect work shoes.", "Purchased these a while back for my daughter. She loves them and wears them everyday. I wasn't sure about the color choice at first but it looks cool on.", "The shoes are very confortable! Im glad that I could actually find these nice shoes in my size. Thank you very much!", "i gave this to my dad as a christmas gift, and he loved it!! i bought him the red one too.. he was very happy!!", "ecxelente producto recomendado Excelente producto recomendado.. lo recomiendo! funciona excelente y llego a tiempo, excelente envoltura y tal cual lo describio el vendedor", "The shoe runs great. I put ten miles on them without breaking them in and no blisters. Overall, the best shoe I've ever ran with. I have a slightly wider foot and this shoe fits great. As an added bonus the shoe laces are long.", "This is a gift for my father and size is right but it a bit too narrow for my dad who has wider feet.", "I've had these shoe fo about 10 months now. I've used these shoes for running/sprinting, for weight lifting, and for casual school shoes. Very breathable shoes. I dont recomend these shoes for running a distance greater than 2 miles, because they ar'nt very shock absorbant and will make your shins/feet hurt. Otherwise the shoe is very good. One other sligh drawback is if you wash it a few times it will pill on you, but you only notice it if you take it off and look at it close up. Overall this shoe is amazing especially for this price. I bough my shoes from Dicks Sporting goods for a little more.", "mmss smms smssmsm ssmsms  sdsds,d  ss n kskkd sd ds ddsndnm skdksdk sjdshjs sjshsdhs sjhsd sjdsdh  ja dhdhd jdjhd j", "The shoes were a gift and my son reports they are very comfortable.  He uses the shoes for running and states they are much more comforatble than more expensive ones.", "These must be on of the lightest running shoes that I've ever owned. I rarely use them to run these days. Instead I use them to walk around in my neighborhood. They are so light that I can either run or walk for miles without even feeling like they are attached to my feet.I got the University Red ones even though I am not big fan of red shoes. These were REALLY RED. I guess I was not familiar with what University Red means but these sneakers were not dark red but rather really bright. I don't mind since it makes me kind of stand out in a crowd. The fit great and have mesh that allows your whole foot to breath when you are running. The shipping is fast and the product was top notch. Definitely would recommend this to anyone.", "Bought these for my son because he needed running shoes for cross country. He liked them and used them all season.", "All is well with these Nikes the reviews on them as a whole was scary but they are great! The color blue is vibrant!", "I love this shoes because usually nike shoes fits perfect and last longer than any other brands.  Nike is my favorit.", "These are the worst shoes I have ever bought.  They are cheap.  They seem like &#34;fake&#34; Nike's.  I sent these back.  My slippers are better running shoes than these.  Absolute junk, and I won't buy shoes from the Shoe Station again.", "Purchased as a gift for my son who runs cross country to replace the same brand/model he wore out running last Fall.  Good support, long lasting materials.", "I love Nike running shoes and the reason being I have terrible feet that need good support. Even in the ministry there were times I would wear Nikes in my Sunday best. Greatest shoes ever made in my humble opinion.", "Purchased these for my husband and he loves them, he has already ran with them and done his regular gym rountine. Its been 2 weeks so they are a go!!!!", "Bought for daughter to run track. She loves them! Perfect fit, nice style lots ..of support. Very happy.  I definately would recommend these shoes for running / sports", "100% RECOMENDABLE MUY BUEN PRODUCTO LLEGO DE ACUERDO A LOS TIEMPOS PAUTADOS Y EN EXCELENTE ESTADO MUCHISIMAS GRACIAS SALUDOS DESDE VENEZUELA", "Haven't worn athletic shoes in more than 10 years, forgot the comfort difference. They look good and feel good. Worth it.", "bought these for my boyfriend because he wanted running shoes.  He's really picky about his style, but these were a huge hit with him.  He loves the touch of red and most of all, they are very comfortable.", "It is small and tight. Please try to buy one size bigger and it would perfect fit in your feet.", "Have been wearing these for the past 3 months and they're holding up well.Very comfortable sneakers and a great price.", "i purchased this shoe with no intentions of having high expectations and it really surpassed it. For the price, no.complaints here.", "These are great shoes that fit very nicely, the colors are fashionable and I would recommend these shoes to anyone", "This rating is because the product is not 100% authenticat a glance you can see that the product is not genuinedefinitely not recommend, offer misleading", "My ten year old daughter likes this shoe. She says they are very comfortable and that she gets tons of compliments on them. I thought they came with the chip for this shoe but, this is not a Nike + shoe that will work with App. Our intended purpose was just a running shoe and that is exactly what we got. I believe we paid a fair amount as these sames shoes were selling every where else for above $80.00. I am very pleased with my purchase and they are still look good after six months of use by a busy ten year old.", "I'm in the army and in an rotc program, I bought these to replace my aging PT shoes for running and general exercise.These are the lightest, most comfortable shoes I've ever worn. I immediately noticed an improvement while running vs my army issued ones. These shoes are extremely light, slim and flexible so that you never get the feeling that they're slowing you down, instead they seem to add a bounce to your run. Also, the cushion is excellent, so they definitely reduce the impact on your joints and muscles, great if you have a high impact routine, or if you're prone to injury or pain (knee, ankle issues, shin splints etc)", "Este producto me lo cobraron y no lo mandaron a la direccion indicada por lo que les pido que por favor me devuelvan el dinero", "Not a shoe for runners.....the shoe is squeaky and does not offer any support.  I would not recommend this shoe.  Keep looking", "muy bueno zapatos para correr y hacer ejercicios lo aprovechare suuuuuuuuuuuuperlos recomiendoson buenocomprenloyason buenoya", "The nike air relentless 2 shipped very fastThey have a great fitThe color is greatAnd the price was a bargain", "The shoes look great! Unfortunately they fit worse than Wal-Mart brand shoes. The back of the heel digs into my Achilles tendon something horrible, the tongue flap constantly moves around and wont stay centered, and doesn't even cover my foot so my socks show through which I think looks tacky. If I wear these shoes for any extended amount of time they hurt my feet something horrible, my arches ache so badly!I paid $30 for a pair of Nike Air on clearance about three years ago and have been using them without strife since, but these shoes I wish I had returned after wearing them for an hour and I paid WAY more for these!!!", "These shoes are adorable! They came in flawless condition, and I have absolutely zero complaints. At least $20 cheaper than the lesser quality running shoes in the shoe stores around here. Get them!", "I love these sneakers. I've been trying to track them down for a while. I love the structure/shape of them and the bright pink/salmon color is perfect!", "These are wonder very comfortable can wear almost anywherelooking for black and white now or sky blue and white same  size", "Excelente producto, mi esposa quedo satisfecha con el color. Lo unico malo es que son muy claros y los materiales se ensucian muy rapido.", "Really cute and perfect fit! They came to my door right ontime! Great purchase for me, I'm very happy with them!", "I love these shoes. I'm not sure if it's more for the comfort, the look, or just the fact i love the color orange and they match with a lot of my clothes. The only thing i don't like is just how breathable they are. I know, they are lunarglide+ 3 &#34;BREATHE&#34; running shoes, but i wasn't expecting my feet to freeze when i walked outside, granted i live in Illinois and it's about 5 degrees with 20-30mph wind right now. I recommend this shoe to anyone who like NIKE, or wears shoes for that matter, totally worth the price.", "I ordered this shoe because I love the lightness and feel of it. I have a ladies pair and so I ordered this for my husband.", "I wear these to the gym daily. Great shoe, very durable i guess so far standing up to me and im not a small person....", "Nice shoe, great color, light and breezy on the feet, looking for a pair in red if there are any!", "Good, it is very soft and comfortable. I like it very much! I recommend other people but this shoes. Happy!", "These shoes are comfortable on my feet. I have flat feet, and I was looking for a shoe that would support non-arch feet. These are helpful.", "Very light weight and long!  Great for  coaching practices or working out!  It's thin but NOT see thru so I will be getting more!", "I am always afraid of purchasing kids shoes on line but the reviews on size help a whole lot. They are very well made and would received super fast.", "Terrific cross-training shoe, especially if you need something that's light and breathes well.  Good luck finding it, though.  This particular model has been &#34;refreshed.&#34;  I hate it when Nike does that right after I discover a shoe that works perfectly for me (they did it with my shoes for tennis, too.)  I looked all over the web, snapping up all of these I could find in my size ;-).", "Got these for my husband for Xmas and he loves them!!! Very comfortable and light weight! He is very picky when it comes to shoes so I was very pleased he liked them as much as he does!", "My son loves these shoes-- they fit as they should and they are comfortable for an hour long training session AND just for the running around a 12 year old boy does.Nike is a good reliable brand!", "Love this shoe!! This is my 6th pair and I wish I could find more of them in my size.  I'm an elite marathon runner so I go through a lot of shoes and these are my favorites!", "This was a gift for my son for Christmas. He loves it. He works out all the time, he said this bag is ideal.", "I like the bag and kept it. It is very nice but not what I would consider a LARGE duffel. It's just a regular duffel bag.", "The free run is not comfterble. It doesnt feel natura. I tryed the realflex they felt alot more natrul. nike free is just a shoe with cuts.", "Nike free run 3's are the best running shoes ever. They are nicely cushioned and they are extremely light. They are 9.3 ounces!!!!These shoes are great for P.E. or even the everyday tennis shoes. These shoes are the best.These shoes give you a very good bounce while running on track, dirt or any terrain. At my school we have a dirt track and with regular running shoes you don't get as much bounce as you would with these tremendous shoes.These shoes have a special feature called Flex Fit. Flex Fit makes the shoe able to bend into a circle, so when you are running you're running as if you're barefoot.These shoes are for short and long distances. So you can run 100m or 1600m with these shoes. You can run a track meet with these great shoes. I have ran a track meet with these shoes and they exceeded my running abilities.Unlike any other running shoes these shoes are great looking. You can get these great shoes in shades from black to orange to blue to red. You can also customize these shoes at any colors and soles you want.The audience of this product is almost anyone. Mostly people very athletic and sporty purchase these shoes. Also many kids purchase these shoes for P.E. or the regular tennis shoes.The only negative thing about these shoes is that they are a little overpriced. They are $70-80 per pair of shoes. Other than this little flaw I still love these shoes very much.I really think everyone should purchase a pair of these shoes. Even though these shoes are a little overpriced you should buy a pair. They are very light, good looking, cushioned and just perfect.I would give these shoes about a 9 out of 10.", "He loves these shoes and says they are like wearing nothing.  So light and comfortable but with support.  They look good too.My husband copied him.  So now they both are happy and comfortable!Nike is always a good choice for quality and comfort.", "They are like a slipper with no support. Don't bother running in them. If you want running shoes grab some saucony, brooks, or asics. Don't bother buying these for anything other than looks. I've had them over a year and regret buying them.", "The foamy sole on these shoes begins to break down after the first couple of runs. There's little to no rubber on the bottom, which is how they keep the weight down. For me, this shoe had little support and was painful upon foot strike. However, this shoe was supremely comfortable for walking around, and in daily use when not running. Would not purchase again, especially for the lofty price tag.", "I've been this exact model for around 5 months (for working out + normal daily shoe) and they are perfect, no issues whatsoever whit its durability. It's my second pair, first pair still going strong btw, after 5 years of not so much use, they are salmon lol.", "I took a chance buying shoes over the net for my teen boy. These were exactly what he wanted & fit just like the Nike's at the store for a better price!", "The Nike Free has been my go to running shoe for about the last 5 years.  Even before the minimalist running craze started and the Vibrams and other minimal running shoes became trendy, the Free has been on the market and with that Nike has worked to advance the shoe's performance.I am often able to get 500-700 miles of running out of each pair of shoes.Pros:*  Durable:  As stated earlier, I get 500-700 miles out of a pair.*  Flexible and light weight:  With any minimal shoe you are going to get less padding and a minimal amount of support.  The Free allows your foot to move freely but with enough protection that you feel safe and comfortable running on any surface.*  Fashionable:  I've bought many different colors of these and I kind of like having such a wide variety of colors to choose from.Cons:*  The fit can be off, so sometimes you need to try on 2-3 pairs to find a pair that work.  So the consistency of the cut is a little iffy from time to time.*  The shoelaces that come with the shoes don't always seem consistent either.  So sometimes I have trouble with the factory shoelaces staying tied.", "great except for the black paint on the front comes off ! but over all nice shoe, very light !", "I really feel the need to change my form running in these shoes. You feel as though you have light cushy pads attached to your feet, but with no upper support, it takes focus to land and stay neutral.  It snugs your foot alright, but the upper just seems to stretch with the force of each foot strike, letting your foot travel on top of the last. I understand this is not a supportive shoe, but the upper and lacing should allow the shoe to be snugged up, allowing the foot to feel as one on foot strike.  I've been running in performance trainers and racing flats for over 20 years, but I find this ride a bit hard to get use to.  I'll keep running in them but wouldn't buy them again.", "Shoes came in early and in perfect condition :)I would recommend you buy these for anyone.I bought these for my BF and he loves them :)", "It would have been a nice shoe if they did not do this very unwise decision to put some kind of support /thin strip on top where the laces start / in the middle of the shoe which cuts trough your foot, creating quite of discomfort when you ware them longer. I have tried a few pairs and they all have that problem.Is not just defective one I came across...It would have been a nice shoe but...My foot is not wide ,its normal so I really think they made design mistake with this one.", "My second pair, should have gotten 1/2 size larger. These are &#34;soft&#34; shoes, I  only wear them in  my gym. I didn't know I would  get the so-called #3 style, my first pair was a #5; I  thought &#34;5&#34; was just a fancy branding.  Oh well,  still a great shoe for  indoors.", "These shoes were for my 10 year old son.  They have held up to his tough conditions.  They are pricey for a kid, but other less expensive shoes usually don't last him half as long.  The only down side is the price.  They arrived in a reasonable amount of time.", "The shoes were as ordered and delivered the next with my 2-day PRIME order.  However, they ran a little small and I need to return for a 1/2 size larger.  The vendor does not allow exchanges, so I have to return and re-order.", "I bought these for my boyfriend and he absoloutly loves them! He wears them constantly and they are super light.", "I've been a fan of the Nike Free Run series for 4 years now. It is lightweight and conformable.  The shoe top/exterior does seem to wear out quickly, and the treads get rocks stuck in them, but these are minor issues.", "Highly recommend! Quick turn around even though we ordered during holidays. Arrived before we expected them. All around a fantastic experience.", "These are the best shoes out there. They are light, and with every stride air flows through the front of the shoe. They make workouts and runs way easier and ultimately more comfortable. I love that they dont have a hard plastic bit supporting the heel of the shoe because after a long time of use it seems to start to give blisters and dig into the back of your foot; however this is not the case with these runners. They are simply just make out of material, making it easier to slip on and off as well. I am aware the price is a bit high, however they are SO worth it. everyone needs a good pair of running shoes! Do your feet a favour!!", "The concept of a running shoe which simulates the feel of running barefoot is a great idea.  Shoes hold up pretty well through vigorous workouts and outdoor running scenarios.  Only downside is I'd avoid trails, especially rocky trails since you will feel the rocks (like running barefoot).  Other than that the functionality is superb especially in the gym or along flat trails.", "I love the shoes, this will be my third pair of these. I wear them so much it causes them to fall apart. i did however have to return these because of the size. I wear an 11, we bought an 11.5. and i couldnt even get them on. I ended up purchasing a 13. Nike runs small, but free runs run even smaller!", "I own several pairs of these and I ADORE them!  They fit perfectly and are super comfortable.  I can work out for hours and not have achy feet afterwards.  HIGHLY recommend.", "Product wore out in 3 months sole separated from body of shoe. This was not expected of a Nike shoe product", "I love this shoe!  I suffer from heel pain and arthritis in both knees.  I am very particular about athletic shoes and these are the bomb!  I am not a runner, but a swift walker.  13-14 min. mile, 3-4 miles at a time.  The cushioning is this shoe has held up for about a year.  Just received Vomero 8s for christmas and purchased 7s on sale.  Give them a try!", "sole was still and not enough arch support for long runs. too much room in the forefoot causing my feet to slide around", "Great shoe.  Wish there was the same flexibility as the older model in the &#34;bunion&#34; area.  Other than that, very nice, lots of padding.", "My 9 yr old just had to have these...he loved the bright colors, but the material used is very light and thin.  we have some tearing already where his toe rubs.  if your kid is hard on shoes, these wouldnt be my first choice.", "They are a great item, my wife is real happy with them. They are a kids size 6 and my wife wears size 7.5 in women and they fit her good.", "The colors looked even better when i got them. Super comfy and i was so lucky to get it in GradeSchool sizes because its way cheaper then womens sizes!", "Great shoes for anyone: My kid loves it. It was pleasure to receive product that fit out of the box.", "Love these shoes. They have held up perfectly. Everyone is always asking me where I got them! Will order again!!!!", "This shoe is identicle to it's full size. Nike uses the same high quality materials they use in the full size lunarglide!", "Was very impressed with the PO delivery. Shoes are beautiful color and so comfortable. Really good running shoes. I would recommend them for a good running shoe.", "This is at least my 4th pair, and can depend on these to be comfortable and supportive.  I have tried others, but these I can depend upon.", "I love this shoe so much, this is my second time purchasing. It's soft and comfortable. I'm not a sneaker fan because I don't like tight fitting shoes, nor do I like thick soles. This is a great running shoe. There is no hard hitting the pavement and super flexible so my feet never hurt!!", "i love my new shoes they are really beautiful and comfortable i really like it because are pretty nice and cool", "I ordered a 1/2 size bigger since other similar Nikes seem to all run narrow, but they still pinch the sides of my feet a little & I don't even have particularly wide feet...been wearing them for 3 weeks now, 2-3 classes aweek, so maybe they'll still loosen up a bit...Nike should really consider making them a bit wider, but love the colors!", "it's just what i want, beatuiful shoes, with the right size and color, it's exactly like i want it, thank you", "love these nikes. basic black and white coloring goes with a lot. super light and very comfortable. not a ton of support, but great for travel, excercise and everyday", "really comfortable. They sit tight on the foot, and feel great and supportive for walking and running. These shoes are very true to the picture.", "Altough i didnt buy them from Amazon i can say they are 5.0 Free meaning they are from 1-10 as the extreme barefoot sensationi can feel like almost walking barefoot, this is my first time using that Nike free technology.They fit well and are comfortable. Personally since is my first time wearing themi experienced some joint pain in my knees.I have 8 months training at the gym and 3 months doing spinning.", "I have a problem even believing these are real Nikes!  They look poorly constructed and don't even fit over my foot to try them on.  This is the most disappointing purchase I've made on Amazon yet.  I'm returning them immediately and I'm disappointed to find out they don't even cover the shipping with the refund.  My sister bought these shoes at a department mall in CT and the quality was night and day from these.  DO NOT BUY!", "Fit perfect. Holding up well after a month. Vibrant colors, the yellow stands out very bright. Comfortable and easy to get on/off", "Really solid shoe if you just want to head to the gym and shoot some hoops. They have served me very well so far. One thing is your feet do get kind of hot. Overall the obvious choice of shoe for 60 dollars.", "It feels a little big on me. I should have purchased the 9.5 size. I like the way it looks though.", "Good for when you ball every now and then or play recreationally in the park. Good price as well for Nike,", "For the price, you can't beat it's quality, durability, and fit.  My grandson is really tough on shoes and this one has lasted very well.", "My son wears a fourteen and often local store carry only a small stock of larger size shoes.  This leaves us with very few options.  Thank God for Amazon.  He's able to scour pages to find the perfect shoe for himself.  And they fit perfectly!", "The size fit perfectly. The quality is great, and the material is nice and smooth! they shipped out very fast and I would definately buy them again!", "I bought these for my son and he likes them a lot.  Great fit and good grip.  I would recommend", "These are surprisingly good shoes. Easy to run and play in, and light. I would recommend getting colorful laces because with out laces they look pretty boring.", "Nice lightweight shoe.  Seem better than air Jordan's at a cheaper price.  Very comfortable and they make you run faster and jump higher.", "Shoes arrived in a very short time after order was placed. They tend to run a little narrow in width and were very tight fitting when I used them for the first time. Hopefully time and more usage will help in stretching them out to where they are a little more comfortable to wear. Only real disappointment was the lack of cushioning in the sole and lack of quality tread for traction purposes. They are more for casual wear than for performance on the court.", "They are good basketball shoes. I don't know the longevity of it since I have been using them for a month or so but I would recommend them.", "Exactly what I expected from the description. I have a big foot (size 16) so I hate ordering shoes online because of the fit issues but these fit perfectly and are great quality. Would certainly but from them again.", "As expected. Shoes were purchased for a young man who had no shoes and no means to buy them.  He was very happy", "They're super comfortable durable and look like i have barely worn them i have had them for 3 months. I really like them.", "The shoes are very nice, very soft to meet expectations and all product data presented. They are excellent. They came to my country in a suitable period of time, they may recommend the purchase.", "I love Nikes shoes and these were a great quick and cheep option for playing ball with some work buddies.", "Extremely comfortable ! ! ! ! ! ! !  Best shoe I ever bought ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "I play tennis 2 hours a day, three days a week. I needed a tennis shoe that would provide the comfort and cushion to support my ground game..I would rate the Nike Zoom among the best and even better than some of the more expensive shoes I've worn", "They are basic Nikes. They work well on da two feet. I use them for biking, not walking. Neon is cool.", "Comfortable shoe. Maybe too. They're so soft it's actually a distraction. This is my second pair of these. I haven't worn out the first one so I have them in black and now white.", "Great Shoes....Very nice colors. Very good Fit. My Sons loved them as well as my daughters. Cushioned soles are great...", "Great Pair of Shoes, I'm happy with this purchase...They're Comfortable, Light and very aesthetic... I bought it for my Hubby and he loves them!", "they are very confortable, goes very much is everything. i really like this tennis and i really am glad i bought it!", "This is an AWESOME shoe.  I purchased an extra pair, since NIKE seems to have discontinued the Tailwind series.  The fit, feel and overall comfort are tremendous.  I would recommend these to anyone that is an avid sports fan.", "Our teen daughter is thrilled with these shoes. She looked at a lot of different ones online and chose these for both the style and the price. They seem well-made as well.", "Very comfortable, easy to take off and on as there are no laces.  The top rubber webbing does break off fairly easily (I caught one piece on something and it tore) but the shoes are still functional.  These fit more easily in a suitcase than normal running shoes as they compress a little.  They seem somewhat narrow (most Nike's run narrow I think) and they do run a little small so if you haven't tried them on I'd go for a 1/2 size up from your normal size.", "One of my favorite shoes that Nike has produced.  I like no shoe strings...especially for workout shoes!  This is my second pair so that should tell you something.", "The shoes are very comfortable and have worn very well so far. The shade of gray combined with the black works very well.", "The shoes are okay but I was sent a different color from what I ordered. My son has not worn it yet so I cannot comment on comfort.", "very good shoes and excellent price, these shoes are ideal for a play basketball or any ocassion, it was made quality materials and nice model. i recomended 100%.", "Got the item. Excellent deal. You would never go wrong with the Roshes!!! This CW is the best for me... :)", "Nike has better shoes than this it was as thin as a plastic bag. I expected better than this .", "I lost a bet to a friend. He requested a pair of flights. I got him these and he loves them. Only wears them for special occasions.", "These are my favorite pair of shoes. durable and comfortable. Unfortunately, they are very limited due to Nike discontinuing them.", "Shoe is just a little to large for my foot to fot it!  But is a pretty decent fitting shoe", "I ordered these for my husband to wear for a destination wedding that we were in. Very light weight, comfortable and believe it or not, stylish. If your not into heavy shoes for summertime, buy these. And they wash easy!", "Excelente calzado muy recomendable y el vendedor muy bueno volver&eacute; a comprar pronto otro par sin duda alguna me encantaron los shoes", "I do not buy the first product nike, I like the convenience and quality of these Sneakers can ispolzovat for sports and long walks, trips feet always comfortable and not feel ustalosti.Ya recommend.", "Good fit and arrived on time.  No surprises about the color and/or style; the pictures were very accurate of the product I received.Women:  If you wear a 8.0 in Nike Women's sizes, you'll prob. be a 6.5 in boys sizes.  Try it! Much cheaper and gives you more style/color variety :)", "QUICK, JUST AS ORDERED, NOT 1 PROBLEM TO REPORT. THE ORDER CAME WITHOUT RECEIPT BUT ASSUME THAT WAS MISTAKE, HOWEVER I DID NOT NEED IT DUE TO SHOE FIT/LOOK/FEEL GREAT, MY SON IS HAPPY.", "shoes are comfy, stylish..i also bought the olive green/ red color too. hard to find. received a lot of compliments. nike roshe game..", "I do not have have very wide feet, but these cleats cause terrible pains in my feet while running.  They look great, but that doesn't help me with running or the sides digging into my feet.  I used them several times to try and break them in and it never got any better, so they sit in a box now.  I would try these on before you buy or be ready to send back if you do not have skinny feet.", "I've been getting the various Nike TD models for a while. These are nice and light with good support. I had problems with durability with a previous TD. Although I haven't had these long, they at least feel like they'll last.", "The shoes look great, they have good traction, they are light and run about half a size too small. They are painful. So painful I had to return mine. I could barely walk the next day after a 3 hour practice. I tried them twice thinking maybe I'd adjust to them but I couldn't do it. I tried making the knots loosely, tightly and in between. I don't care how well the cleat grips, if I can't walk properly the next day and I can run my full speed, they are useless. I was so excited for these after reading the various reviews here and on Nike's site.", "Used these for a flas league while I was stationed in Korea.  Fantastic cleat.  Awesome mobility and grip.  A little snug for my foot but it seems to have relaxed a bit (normal for Nike footwear in my experience).", "Bought these for my very picky 7 year old son. They are very versatile and can accomodate indoor and outdoor sports and activities. My son has several pairs of sport and casual shoes and wears these a lot.", "everyone asks where I get these shoes and I just grin. cant find in store especially with my size. but overall im still whereing and they look great. thank you very much.", "These shoes Fit true to size. Very Comfortable. Shipped as expected. I am very Happy with this product, the way they look, an feel.", "I usually wear Nike Shox, but since they are difficult to find these days I decided to try these. They are almost as good as Shox and they look awesome! I get compliments every time I wear them. I only wear them when I work out, but they have lasted me about 7 months so far. I used to buy new Shox every 3 to 6 mos.", "These shoes fit true to size. They are comfortable, and although they are flat bottoms, no slipping and sliding around on the indoor field. I bought these for my husband and he really likes them.", "is fine, i like the service. is very good easy fastmuy buen trabajo el producto lleg&oacute; excelente sin detalle,y a tiempo. gracias", "took weeks for them to email me the return authorization (ordered wrong size) never spoke to the same person customer service not so great", "My daughter will only wear Nike soccer cleats, and not just any Nike cleat. This style fits her best because it doesn't have the molded arch support like other Nike cleats have.", "Great shoe...just ran a little too big and had to send it back.  Wish NIKE didn't change the style and fit of their cleats every 6 to 8 months....really what is with the colors?", "i want to kno the price of a size  ninesoo i can buy one for me and my girl this holidays or this christmas", "I couldn't find these shoes in my size and in this color any where so when I saw them here I had to get them. I'm very happy with my purchase and they're pretty comfortable.", "I bought these boots for my daughter for her birthday because she need a pair of durable winter boots. These boots are cute and pretty durable being that my daughter still haven't scraped them all up. They have pink fur on the inside for a warm feel for your young one and they will definitely endure any weather possible. They were so cute I even got myself a pair lol. Go ahead and purchase them for your little one", "Good quality, great price, nice style and my son loved it. They are built very strong andshipping was fast.Will definitely recommend it!", "I thought they would be your old regular type of tube sock but come to find out the actually have a built in fit for the foot and the are nice and thick...great for the winter", "EXCELENT. VERY RESPONSABLE.FAST AND WITHOUT DEFECT. I RECEMEND THIS WAY TO PAID.I AM VERY GRATEFUL FOR THE PRODUCT. THANKS A LOT.", "My husband and I never agree on shoes for him but when we saw these shoes we both agreed that he had to get them. My husband love them and he states that they are very comfortable shoes.", "Awesome Shoes! Look really good but can begin to look like fat kid shoes if worn out too much. Definitely worth it though.", "these shoes were perfect!!!!! they looked amazing and was comfortable for my little brother to walk/run/play in. shipping was great too.", "On the website these shoes came out looking more like thick leather instead of what they actually are. More plastic than leather in  my opinion but different than any other AF1 I've ever seen.", "my nephew who wore them said he feels very comfortable wearing it, pleasant to the feet and skin as well as durable.", "Great socks!  Thick and sturdy a look great on. My son has 2 pair of these and would wear them everyday if he could.", "I ordered these for X-mas,, and were at my place just in time!!!  My son loves them, especially for his basketball games.", "Love these socks.. So comfy.. Don't lose quality in the wash and provide wonderful support in any activity even around the house.", "super comfortable, bought them for my boyfriend and he loved them!! great socks to wear during basketball games. keeps your feet really supported.", "I received these socks Quick my son loves them for Basketball.  The double layer is a great choice and are very comfortable.", "Love these socks.  I no longer have to wear to pairs while I play.  They are super comfortable and protect my feet better than any other sock I've tried.", "I bought these for Christmas for my nephew, he LOVES them.  I think it's ridiculous to pay this much for SOCKS, but they're cheaper here than anywhere else.", "Grandson picked these out for  basketball.  Look great, keep his feet dry, wash easily and keep shape.  Very serviceable socks..", "Good socks, exactly what you expect. Personally though, I'm just not that crazy about the double-layers. But otherwise they're great.", "My son loves these socks.  I bought them for him as a Christmas gift because they are rather expensive for socks.  They seem to be holding up well.", "The seller shipped them in lightning speed.  They were a Christmas gift for my son to wear for his basket ball team mad he loved them. Thank you", "Great socks, very comfortable and stylish.  Teenage son loves them.  Would order more if they were cheaper.  Price is on Nike though.", "They were not what I wanted Size was all wrong sent them back.  The persons they were bought for did not like them", "My son loves his elite nike socks they are extra thick !! Theses are the ones he wears at all the home basketball games!! Go Rattlers!!!", "I bought some of these for my son for Basketball and I bought myself a pair to run in. It was -15 degress this morning and my feet stayed warm and dry. I don't usually buy Nike but these are my new favorite socks. I normally run in Underarmor socks but I will be buying more for the future. They fit tight and fills your shoe if you have a narrow foot like myself, I can't say enough about these socks!!!!!!", "These socks are great - they fit well and are a quality product. It is hard to find this green in stores, so I was happy to find it online.", "My daughter plays club and high school volleyball. She loves these and says they keep her feet dry during a day long tournament.", "My son loves them, he says they are the most comfortable basketball socks ever also all his teammates want a pair.", "These socks were part of a basketball uniform my kids wore for their school.  They think they are cool and wanted more.  I think they are ridiculously expensive and no matter what color I get (we have several) they never look new after a new washes.  They look faded and the white ones don't get very white once washed a couple of times.  I think they are a waste&#8230;  My kids would disagree though! ;-)", "I had no idea how comfortable these socks would be.  I hesitated due to cost; however the comfort is worth the extra expense.", "I bought these for my son and he wears them all the time and he has told me that he loves them since then I have bought 9 more pairs and will be buying more!! They are worth the extra money all the way!!!", "Everything but the flexible flyer Snowball maker came sooner than expected.  The snowball maker did not come.Amazon is incredible and well worth the process which is as easy as it gets.The only problem that I have is so many related e-mails; rather not get the advertisements.", "Got this a bit small but it's alright. I like this shoes and have bought another one one size bigger. Perfect!", "I have purchased various Nike Air products over the years, primarily as a work shoe. I then dabble in other work-type shoes only to come back to Nike Air designs. They absorb so much wear and tear that is otherwise transmitted to your heels, ankles and knees that they are worth every penny of their cost. The air heel cushion in this model is very stout and makes a huge difference in the way my heels feel at the end of a long day.", "These were a gift for my grandson he appeared to like them. Looks good,fit is perfect,will order again. Will see how long they whole up.", "This Nike is perfect for cool hikes or mountain biking.Ordered it using 'her' shopping app from my iPhone.Just Do It.", "I'm a taller guy, 6'5&#34; on a good day and I now have 4 of these beauties.  The neck is a little larger than I'd like but the rest of the shirt fits well for my liking.. Sleeve length alllllmost perfect, but enough I can handle. Love the dri-fit T's so this is just another addition to my wardrobe. Cheers", "Fantastic product, as advertised and the price was really good.  The shipper did a great job getting it to me quickly.", "I was very disappointed. It was thinner and more see-through than the picture depicted. I will just use it as an undershirt on a cold day.", "My husband really likes this shirt however it swallows him. And the sleeves are long.  Still giving 4 stars because for someone that it fits it would be perfect.", "Runs bigger than normally advertised, however it's a great product. I definitely recommend getting one just make sure it's the right size", "The shirt was really great. The material is thin but sturdy and the color very good. Glad that I bought it.", "As a new runner I wasn't prepared to run in the winter. I reached out to a few runner friends who all recommended this shirt. Its a man's size, but I find it to fit perfectly and keeps my arms VERY warm during my short winter jogs.", "About 100% sure this shirt isn't a real Nike Dri-Fit. I own about 4 different Dri-fits and this one is counterfeit. The Nike swoosh looks and feels fake, the fabric doesnt feel like a Dri fit.", "These shirts are great for working out. Keeps you dry and very comfortable. I have used them for hiking in cold weather as well as an undershirt to wick sweat away.", "The material is cheap.  Not what I expected from reading the reviews.  I've bought actual Nike &#34;dri-fit&#34; from Nike and those were actually very durable and warm.  This material is very thin.  If you want it just for looks for the gym, I guess it's ok but for it's purpose -dont buy", "The sneakers came in 2 business days.  They looked great and were packaged well.  I would recommend buying from here, I sure am!", "Great product, the fit is exactly the same as all other Nike shoes I have owned...if you were at 8, buying an 8 in this will be just the same.  The shoe has great cushion and support in the heal.  This shoe runs average in width, often some Nike shoes run narrow, this was not the case with this shoe-which is a medium width.  Colors are medium green/dark green and bright yellow on white.  The picture for this shoe represents the color just perfectly. This is my 2nd pair of Lunarelite Nike shoes-overall a good product.", "It's a nice shirt, q hurts now the problem with astrong Lance got into this whole steroids, better wait and go rid of this.", "This shoe features good support and stability in the forefoot and arch especially. This is something a lot of running shoes are lacking. The weight of the shoe is surprisingly light, but the shoe is well built and well designed.", "I've had these shoes for two years and they work great. I wear them in both cross country and track meets. They fit tightly so you may need to order a half size up.", "I don't know why more brands don't make interchangeable cleats/spikes. These are great for older youth players who may be moving from Little League/Cal Ripken in the spring to older leagues such as Babe Ruth in the summer. Or, for players who play in more than one league or occasionally have to play in a tournament that doesn't allow metal spikes. Having interchangeable cleats/spikes is a lot easier than having two pairs of shoes. The color-change insert for the Nike Swoosh is a nice touch, too.In addition, they're good, solid shoes overall. The only downside is that the plastic cleats are a little soft and tend to wear out easily. Obviously, they're replaceable and I was able to find a replacement kit locally, but we went through about a set of plastic cleats per month. The metal spikes hold up just fine, just like regular permanent ones.", "Out of stock but in stock at Nike.comNeed more running shoes that are all weather and very light weight so you just put your bare foot into it.", "Checked out these sneaks in the store and got a better price through Amazon. I had the happiest grandson on earth who loves these sneaks and wears them every day!!!", "Worn with suit to walk to work, very comfy and regularly receive complaints. Still look new after wearing almost daily for over 4 months.", "The shoes are comfortable & Stylish. The fabric is great. I don't think they are perfect for the court but i still recommend for training", "My son has a very large foot, size 15 and growing! I ordered him these cleats in a size 15. They were so small he just laughed when I handed them to him to try on. He couldn't even get them on. They were small in size and very, very narrow (he does not have a wide foot). We find Nike to run small. I had to return these.", "This suit is too big for me. I can't wear it when I practice golf. It is uncomfortable and heavy.", "Soccer cleats were true to size and exactly as pictured. Cleats are new and very sturdy. My friend is very satisfied with this.", "estos zapatos son excelentes. los recomiendo a todo el que pueda comprarlo, que lo haga. son muy comodos. quede muy contento con este producto", "My son loves these shoes - and his friends' reactions have all been \"cool shoes\"!  The fit was as expected - room to grow (he's 11), and very comfortable.  The dark grey/blue glow is exactly as pictured.  The material seems to be the type that will withstand lots of wear - he'll likley out-grow them before they wear out!  Great shoes!", "They are hard and uncomfortable shoes, I expected to be very gently air, bad buy, if you really are not original or a copy, I do not like", "Excellent condition, a professional baseball cleat. Will buy it again if given the opportunity! Great color and shoe to play baseball", "this is the real deal no fake and hard to find jordan shirt. if you are a real jordan fan you will have one and know what the meaning behind the shirt.", "I have always wanted these shoes and when i seen the price and shipping i jumped on them, will buy more very soon", "will recommend to anyone who likes Nike products very comfortable durable worth  the money and will buy similar products..from this vendor", "I originally got these shoes to wear in the city during the winter just when it was snowing but they have quickly turned into my everyday shoe.  They are so comfortable and I don't think I have ever gotten this many compliments on a shoe before.  I have used them in blizzard like conditions and haven't had the slightest problem with cold or wet feet.  My only disappointment is that I wish I could wear them in the summer when it gets warmer.  I took a while to choose between these and a pair of timberlands and I am extremely happy with my choice.", "Very comfortable and durable.. The tongue is attached so I was able to wear them in the snow and not get my feet wet.", "Very comfortable and insulated for the winter. Not exactly waterproof but good enough. Pretty well made for everyday use and stands up to mild construction work.", "Bought these for my son for Christmas! He is now playing basketball in them! would reorder again... They fit great", "The color says SILVER - it really should say SILVER and PURPLE. I thought they were more of a blueish vs. purple. Still a very comfortable shoe just a bit pricey at $122!", "I am glad I read some other reviews of this shoe before I purchased online. The most important thing to know is that this shoe runs very small (if the shoe was the best shoe in the world but it didn't fit you, it would be worthless to you, right?).  Therefore, you will want to try it on in the store first to determine what size you really want/need.  I ended up buying a full size bigger than my normal; my wife bought a half size bigger than her normal.About the seller: They are located in the UK and I knew nothing about them. I selected standard shipping and the shoe arrived in less time than Amazon's own normal standard shipping; I think it took about 1 week from order to delivery.  Needless to say, this is good.", "these are fitted shirts . i use these for the gym only.  tight to my guns the way i like them.", "My son asked for this for Christmas and he put it on to show us the fit.  I thought it was a bit smaller but looked good.  But gotta say, my kid looked &#34;really good&#34; in this shirt!  Wow!", "Fit as expected and the color is extremely pleasing.  I have gotten several others in this Nike and 2XL gives them room.  This was for my &#34;other&#34; person as a Christmas gift.", "Poor quality . Shirt feels flimsy . Material feels even weaker after washing it . Way too short , slip out from waistband !", "I love this shirt. Fits perfectly without being too tight, and is very comfortable. Perfect for the gym or running. I have 2 now and I might buy more.", "Purchased these for my thirteen year old son last Christmas.  He picked them out and though he received two other pairs from his father around the same time these are his choice on and off the court.  Wears them to school daily.  Good pick...not flashy..nice shoe!", "We are awaiting smaller sizes to be in stock so younger siblings can acquire them!  They will be perfect for the Spring season!!!!", "A new soccer season is approaching and my T-90s were worn down like crazy. I saw these and had to buy them. I got serial number \"0000006\" which is pretty cool considering how awesome the cleats are. So day one of conditioning, I knew it was gunna suck because I havent yet broken them in. They felt weird, way too long and EXEXTREMELY narrow. (And I wear a 15, but bought a 14 to fit better). Its been almost a month now, and they have yet to conform to my feet. Oh well, im playing soccer in style, but pain also.", "Son very much. He says that they are very light and sit comfortably on foot. Bought one size bigger and they came in. They are a little less than its size.", "I just bought this shirt, it's my first Dri-FIT Pro purchase. I do a lot of circuit training in the gym and this shirt doesn't hold or stick to you while your going thru your work out. Def recommend this, although I did just buy it at TJ Max for $12, same exact one, Dick's Sporting Goods sells it for $25.", "not a bad deal, I was looking for some super comfy socks and these hit the mark! they're super cushioned and comfy keeping my feet warm on cold days and moisture out! a must buy no disappointments here", "These fell so good on... They are made great... anyone who likes their socks to feel good on their feet this is a great item to buy", "this was a present for my brother who seemed quite pleased with them, so seems it was a good purchase!", "great protection for your eyes, wind doesn't get into your eyes, great look, great lenses...also have the sunglasses in black...great product.........", "great jordans for casual people man i really loved it :D fits good :) i would reconmand these for everybody!", "I bought these socks for running and gym usage. At first sight and feel I thought I was not going to like them. That was simply not the case, since buying one pair I have bought several more. I wear a size 14.5 and these babies (xl) fit just right. They are a PITA to get on (they are labeled R L as they are fitted)but once they are on they are great. They keep my feet cool, relatively dry and odor free. All in all I would recommend them for gym and light running  (I prefer compression socks for long distance runs) usage.", "Really nice, bout them as a gift for my male friend, he loves them, great gift, and not too expensive.", "un gran vendedor, unos zapatos excelentes, recomendados para personas de gran talla, suaves y comodos, la tienda recomendada para grandes tallas", "Let me first say that these shoes are not for everyone and like most products need to be used to be able to give a real review.  The shoes are very light and the lunar foam or whatever the sole is made of is more for people who do not like to feel every curl and part of their run.  For me, this is working great as i've just got back to running and my mechanics are all wrong.  The lightweight and raised sole gives you a bit of lift in your run, which is greatly appreciated.  The shoes are very durable and the insoles come out to make cleaning and washing easy which to me is a plus because i can't run without hitting puddles from sprinklers or getting rained on.  Easy to clean, breathe very well, and are not bad to transition into a gym workout and then back out on the road home from the gym.  Will buy another pair when ready!", "shirt came quickley....I put it away for christmas...and forgot about it...until I got an email asking for feedback...then I couldnt remember where I put it...but I found it....Im very happy with the shirt...and so is my 12 yr old....thanx for asking for feedback!", "This (The Nike Air ACG (All Conditions Gear)Prime GTX (Gore-Tex)Release November 2011 and limited to certain Nike winter sales markets and primarily FootLocker in those markets) is a premium boot with Nike Air sneaker construction and appeal. This boot shares the sole of the previous released Nike Air Foamposite Bakin boot (I'm on my 2nd pair, The new gun metal or pewter silver). It wears like a well constructed basketball sneaker with mildly more rugged outer sole. Well made of leather in a traditional hiking boot design with a GORE-TEX lining. It originally retailed for $200.00 and is largely sold out through out the US. This boot recently retailed for $149.99 at FootLocker's throught the Metro area. A black & red version of this boot also sold for $159.99 @ footlocker.com online and Eastbay.com. These two sites have all but sold out of  this boot as it is an extremely popular boot and now is in high demand. I was finally able to locate a pair at a NJ Footlocker today size 12 at a remaining low stock cost of $129.99. A Nike boot worth having.", "My adult son was super excited about receiving these.They were his favorite Christmas gift!Quality is good & very comfortable.", "I have read many reviews on this boot, and some of them state that the boot is very good quality and looks great too.  I agree.  Some have stated that they fit snug.  I agree with this too.  They are very comfortable and I have gotten a lot of compliments on their looks.  I will update this with a report on how they handle rough and rocky desert mountain trails and whether or not they give good ankle support when I get them broken in.Update:  Well, I am embarrassed to say that I have not been hiking in these boots, but they have become my favorite casual wear boots.  They are just too darned attractive to scuff up!  They are very comfortable and I still get loads of compliments on how good they look.  Maybe I will buy another pair in black, or gray,or even green for hiking.", "Very cute I love that it is the exact same as the mens adult shirt so my baby and her dad could match! Love Love!", "Great purchase! My husband is a coach and is always going through sunglasses and these are by far his favorite pair.", "Standard interior design. The outer texture is great and really gives the wallet some personality. My sports enthusiast loves it.", "This pair  of MJ's really  make you look bad ass!! They just look good! Seller  is  also very fast on this item. They  aren't flimsy at all once you have them and wear them!", "I ordered these  sneakers as a Christmas gift for my stepson. I received the delivery quickly, and was very satisfied with the quality of the product. NIKE AIR JORDAN 3 RETRO (GS) BIG KIDS 398614-010 (6, BLACK/VARSITY RED-CEMENT GREY)NIKE AIR JORDAN 3 RETRO (GS) BIG KIDS 398614-010 (6, BLACK/VARSITY RED-CEMENT GREY)", "Arrived as scheduled, thicker black socks, color remains after several washing, comfortable fit, and logo makes it easy to pair these socks after washing/drying them.  Maybe it seems silly to buy socks online, but it's hard to get the wrong size or color, and sometimes just saves time....", "These Nikes are excellent shoes and very comfortable and they come highly recommended.  I wear these shoes everyday and they are perfect for everyday wear.", "Good quality leather shoes, but the leather rubs around the ankle as there is no padding. Kids skateboarding in these shoes have to wear thick socks. The soles will wear out before the uppers show any wear.", "the shoes are very beautifulthe size is ok tooand the color is brightd s d s e", "these shoes price start from $170 on most sites the odd site would be $200- 220.. why are they so expensive on this site?", "Very comfortable and durable. I always buy nike shoes. They are the ,most comfortable and best fitting shoe for me.", "it doesn't look like original.  price was cheaper in footlocket.  when i saw it i lost my excitement because it doesnt look good", "When I lost my running glasses I was so upset. I am glad I ordered something that would make me forget about my old glasses. Great fit on my face (narrow face) and decent lens. Nothing too fancy, but perfect for a run in sunny Colorado.", "i like a lot and the price is good. i recomend this item. i will buy new color glass to change", "Got this at a great price have really enjoy the glasses.  They do not fog up and they help protect my eyes.", "the glasses have a good design, they don't fog up when running  in cold.they are very light and stylish.", "I ordered these shoes a couple days ago, because they dropped the price down quite a bit, about 4 hours later they canceled my order and told me that it was a &#34;new employee's&#34; mistake and they would not honor the price that they had posted them for!! i would never recommend this seller and i will never buy anything from these people. Horrible customer service!! Even if he is a new employee you still need to take care of your customers and bite the bullet on your employees mistakes. thats just part of owning a business.", "I purchased these mostly for work (I'm a persona trainer). I wanted a Nike free and found out these were a higher cut and water proof. I've worn them not just for work but also when I'm working out. They have more cushioning than a normal free but still move freely, probably my favorite shoes in a long long time.", "They go great with every outfit and after a long walk you're not tired... The only down side is that being all white you have to clean them often if you want them to look new for more time but that's the same for all white shoes!", "Im not Jordan shoe fan (because I feel they're over priced) but these are perfect with shorts and or jeans.", "Couldn't find these shoes anywhere in the malls, ordered on here and they were a great price and actually received them earlier than the projected date. Brand new, clean, with box and everything", "i had such a hard time getting my product!! the person i gave it to as a gift loves it!", "I bought these shoes for my grandson.  We went to four stores and he couldn't find anything he liked.  Found these on your website and wanted them.  they are just what he wanted.", "They aren't really comfortable at all. They get dirty pretty easy but that is common with white shoes. But look very good!", "My husband LOVED these shoes. I bought them for him for Christmas and he's already wearing them all over! Love em!", "The shoes must run big cause I wear 8 1/2 and it's entirely to big. The style is nice but you might need to go a half a size or a whole size. I think I should of got an 7.", "I'm flat-footed and have trouble finding comfortable running shoes period. This shoe is very comfortable, light, not too snug, has lots of cushioning, supports my arch, and is stylish also. I highly recommend!", "These are my most favorite pair of shoes ever. This is the 3rd pair of these shoes that I've bought. I tend to buy a pair each year. I don't buy a pair each year because of bad quality, but because I got to keep them fresh. I live in the city and do a lot of walking / riding my bike so the shoe does break down over time, but overall they last a long time, feel really comfortable, and are an affordable stylish shoe.", "My husband is very pleased with the fit and quality of this top.  Our only complaint is that we were not abel to get the matching pants.", "This was a gift . He absolutely love it and everyone liked it too. It looked very sharp on him:)", "Exactly what I was looking for. The sweatshirt is the same color blue and just as bright as the photo. Super soft inside, good quality.", "I bought this Nike sweatshirt as a gift for my cousin. He loved it! True to size and true to color shown.  I actually wanted to buy another one for his brother but the size we needed was out of stock.  Great price! Couldn't beat it! Also got delivered right in time!", "The basketball sneakers are working well, My daughter says they are comfortable to play in. They fil well not too big not too small.", "What a bright color for some shoes but my 16 year old loves these shoes, he wear them a lot.", "el vendedor cumplio con los tiempos y el articulo llego como lo describ&iacute;an, tremendas gomas muy chidas  era un regalo y quedaron muy complacidos", "Wear these for all of my games this year, they have great tread and the traction is great. The price is also very reasonable.", "Looking for basketball shoes, these were a good price so I decided to try them out. They are excellent. They offer very good support, and are very comfortable to wear and play in. I would recommend this to friends. The size was also perfect.", "Ordered these for my daughter for her to play basketball this year. This is the first pair that she has gotten that are actually basketball shoes for on the court. She says they are very nice, looks great, and looks forward to using them on the court. They fit perfectly as ordered for her still growing foot. THank you", "Nice shoes for basketball. Delivered as expected, no issues, the shoe is comfortably, the weight is light nice to make some moves on the court. I'm happy with this pair.", "i was looking for a shoe that would be comfortable to walk on cement floors all day and so far this shoe is very comfortable.I would have liked more of an arch .Thats why  i gave a four star. Just like with anything time will tell.", "My daughter plays high school basketball and got these shoes to match her team colors.  We did order a half size larger than normal, which worked out well, since Nike tends to run a little small.  Excellent support, and look nice.  She loves these shoes!", "This Nike hyperdunk basketball shoes are so amazing and I can say this is a great deal. I hope it'll approve my opinion during a time in game. Looking forward", "I have recently had ankle surgery and was looking for months shoes that gave me support, comfortable, light and had a great design. These shoes meet and exceeded every expectation I had. Best shoes I have ever owned. I am actually going to buy another pair so I have them to wear outside (they are that comfortable). I love how light they are and they have had lots of compliments on how they look. Great design!!!!", "Despite my trying to talking him in to getting an old school pair of black basketball shoes, my son went for these bright red shoes.  He loves them and is certainly easy to spot on the court.", "These were a gift for my nephew. He doesn't like the sole on the 2013 hyperdunks, so when I found these on Amazon I showed them to him and he liked them. When they arrived, they were just as expected & just as they look in the photo. Thr fit is perfect. He loves these shoes!", "I am happy with purchasing this basketball shoe .  It is a good looking , super light with made of excellent material also . Thank you very much !", "Stocking Stuffer (sorry no pun intended) These are the only socks my teenage grandson will wear. They are warm but feet do not sweat in them.", "These are snug fit and high quality.  I like them. I would recommend them to anyone inthe market for some new no show socks.", "For how long they lasted me (about a year and a half) they were great i started growing out of them fairly quickly but they went through snow mud and lots of basketball I would recommend these for anyone", "I bought these as a Christmas present for my 14 year old son.  I don't like to buy shoes online because I'm afraid they won't fit, but in this case they were perfect.  I could not find his size in any of the stores locally.  He was very happy with his present!", "I rated this one star based on the fit and shoe quality. I have purchased many pairs of basketball shoes in my life time and these are the worst.", "Best basketball shoes I've ever played in! Comfortable like crazy! These shoes look great when the rest of the team has got a pair too!", "My son was in desperate need for shoes starting the basketball season late. It was difficult to find a pair of blue shoes, and on such a short notice.  We received these shoes in less than 48 hrs. from the time of order.  Thank you! The shoes are great!", "I got these for my grandson and he absolutely loves them.  He thinks he even plays better basketball when he wears these.", "My shoes fit as expected. Are very comfortable and I would like to recommend to my friend thank very much", "The sewn in tongue of the shoe was unexpected and I have a high arch which makes it difficult to get on quickly.  But when I get it on the shoe is comfortable.", "After I broke my foot the memory foam sockliner was like walking on a cloud. I love this shoe and would buy them in every color in my size.", "Comfort is #1 very lightweight and great tread, too. Nice look and designed well,  good all around sturdy build. Would buy again", "I love these shoes.  I now have four pair in different colors.  Very supportive as well as very comfortable. Even casual walking is fun.  Great shoes.  The best I have ever bought.", "These shoes are unbelievable comfortable. I am a huge nike fan owning for than thirty pairs of shoes and these have quickly become my favorite. The colors are awesome as well.", "LOVE them! comfort, light and excellent for long workouts in the gym or the outside.  Color is awesome, a must have!", "I've had these shoes three months and I have two holes on the tops of them already. (Tears) I am a runner and they were great month one... That was it.  Looking into buying Brooks now.", "Loved these shoes until I had them for 3 weeks and I noticed tears on both of the top corners of my shoes. So irritating to pay good money and get 3 weeks of use out of them. Will not buy again!", "These shoes are all around great! The colors were exactly what I expected and they are also great running shoes!", "Fit well and true to size, cute, trendy, nice color without being neon flashy, and &uuml;ber comfy.  Wear to step and circuit, plyometrics, weights, and running. Winners!", "This is the third pair of this style that I have purchase (different colours) They are so comfortable and look great as wellEveryone always comments of these nike's", "Took no time to get here and they are holding up well. I would recommend this to anyone if they are looking for a new pair of shoes.", "I always buy Nike and the size seems standard.  The laces on this one seemed a little short to reach the last holes near the top.I have had random compliments about their appearance.", "these shoes are wonderfully comfortable for me being on my feet for 8 to 11 hours a day love that ,but the problem is that they fit tight at the front of the toes area i guess being a D size in width,  it took a week or more of stretching with a shoe tree break them in", "top quality shoes. They are a little narrow near the toes and the heel support could be better...I stretched the toe areaby stuffing the shoes with old t-shirts...I am on my feet 7 hours a day out of an 8 hour shift and I have sensitive feet..Also, the picture of this item does not reflect the very good styling and rugged design...This shoe does take more weight offyour heels and more evenly distributes over you entire foot.  I was having severe lower back pain because my previous shoesput all my weight on my heels which transferred it to my lower back muscles. No more back pain... and every day my foot pain is decreasing...", "Look great, but I wear an 11 and these feel like 10.  I literally need another full size.  Learned my lesson on ordering shoes online.", "Great quality.  This is a Christmas gift for my son.  He loves Nike and the this is his school color.", "The hoodie was nice, but the sleeves were shorter than i expected them to be.  other than that, good quality.", "The first month of wearing these the seems on the front started to loose and fray, i thought that they were done for. I gave them another month at max. Here am a year later. I run, jump, skip, skid, and work them to the bone every day and they're still holding in great. I just recently had to replace the insoles but other then that I'm very impressed. Especially seeing how i paid under $100 for them.", "My son loves them. He says they are very light and feel great on his feet. He also liked the color I picked", "My husband loves these shoes so much he asked me to purchase 3 pair for him.  Needless to say, he has a good supply as backup for when the first pair wears out.  :)", "Bought this as a gift for my son.  The shoe is a good fit and he really like it!!! Glad we were able to beat the rush at the store on Black Friday and buy this on-line.", "very good, it was just I wanted. How do you rate this product. How do you rate this product very", "The shoes were as seen in the pictures. The only prolblem I had, is that they were a little too tight on the sides.", "I love Nikes . They always fit perfectly and these are no exception. It's like putting your foot into a comfortable glove that gives your foot comfort and support. I only wish that this style was still being made- I'd buy every color. I don't know how Nike does it, but they know how to support the human foot better than any other sports shoe manufacturer, and I've tried nearly all of them. Yey, Nike!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "These look cool but they hurt my feet after running. I lost both my big toe nails. Yuck...so just be careful they are the right fit for you if you're going to run in them.", "The shoes were shipped fast and had no shipping and handling when I ordered. Overall good shoe, not uncomfortable even when they aren't broken in.The toe is a little longer and more narrow than I thought it would be which is why it did not receive the full 5 stars. Generally though, I would recommend.", "The fit is perfect. They look sleek when on. Comfortable. I feel I made a great choice for my first pair of shox.", "were tight for the first month i wore them.  my feet would even fall asleep haha but was glad i didn't send them back because once they stretched out they fit perfect", "I love these I now have 3 pairs great for walking and shopping I have heel spurs and they are very supportive", "My daughter wears these while on her feet 10-12 hours a shift working in a medical lab.  Says her legs no longer ache! I'd say that's a thumbs up!", "I love Nike tennis shoes because of the comfort however these shoes are too tight. I can't draw in the strings to tie because then I wouldn't be able to wear them.  I don't like the color, the picture showes a brighter pink but it is a dark, deep pink almost between a fuschia and burgundy.  I only wear them with my pink and black warm-up suit! So I won't have to wear them regurlarly.", "Comfortable but hideous in person. The cloth around the toe and heel fade extremely fast and they look terrible in natural lighting. I regret buying these & I would encourage others to avoid them.", "These fit from the get go with no &#34;between the toe&#34; irritation which I have had with some other brands. Too thick on the thong part. They have a little traction, are light and easy to put on but not so easy they will slip off. Handsome too.", "The back part of the shoe on the left foot was bent in a little and it tends to be uncomfortable.", "Was a perfect fit and feels comfortable received in a blink of time ..the texture is unique with the color", "After trying several brands of shoes for working out i have settled on the Nike. These seem to be more comfortable than other brands I have tried.", "These shows look great! BUT they are to small for a 10.5, very narrow and could not get my foot in them.", "The shoes really fits well - true size.Design is really nice..The only thing that i dont like is the right shoe have wringkle.Maybe because  of the stock availability.", "I purchased these shoes about a little over a year ago and they are still going strong. I was attracted to the black/yellow/grey color scheme and have been pleasantly surprised by their comfort and durability. I've worn in them in all types of weather: heat, snow, rain. Whenever they get dirty I just wipe them down with a damp cloth and they look good as new.", "This shoe looks to be made well and has a nice, simple design. Nike is good quality too!Good value", "i like these shoes, comforntble to walk in, best thing is that they were shipped on time. like any other nike shoes this is whats up", "Good Quality fast shipping, I wasn't able to get the right size for me, but I gave them to my brother, but good price and quality so far", "I bought 2 pairs of this slippers because it's light, soft, and elegant to look at.  This is somewhat pricey but with the materials and the brand, I think its worth the tag.", "I love this new style I wanted to get it long time ago but I couldn't I finally had the chance  and I didn't hesitate one bit when I saw the sale..I receive the package on time moreover it's well packaged , I love my new Nike Mercurial cany wait to try it totally worth the price!!!", "I love this boot...excellent fit comfortable table...however, I got blisters on the back of heel, so I couldn't give it 5 *", "They are rich in color and comfort.Everyone has to do with them.I'm happy I got them because I can use on different ocasiuons.", "Son excelentes los zapatos. buen material, gran dise&ntilde;o. recomiendo al vendedor, se entregaron en el lapso previsto. se ven muy bien.", "Great shoe, fits right out of the box. Comments about color very good. People like the shoe when they see it.", "My kid swears that for hard court soccer these are the best performing shoes he has ever wear!!!He would not use any other.", "I've long since quit playing organized soccer, thus I've stopped paying $200+ for my boots.  These are great for messing around and playing pick up games on artificial turf.", "Well, first of all, I am a HUGE Nike fan. This shoe met my expectations of the brand. It is very comfortable and neat. I am already considering getting a similar pair. :)", "I own many pairs of Nikes in various styles, all size 10.5. This is the first pair of Nikes that actually do not fit my feet. Both the length and width are very tight. I won't be able to wear them. Too bad because they really look awesome and unique. Partner wears 9.5 and said width has tight on his feet as well.", "So I ordered these sneakers for my hubby to match his Soccer Apparel.He loved the SNEAKERS, however they hurt his feet!! Very uncomfortable.So unfortunately my hubby doesn't wear them too much.But they did arrive Quickly!!!Amazon always Delivers. Love them!!Thank you ( And to the VENDORS) Thank you!!!", "C&oacute;modos y  bonitos creo que es lo que siempre esperamos de un buen par de zapatos. Deportivos, Casuales no pasan inadvertidos.", "My daughter usually wears a 10 in Nike (already a 1/2 to 1 size larger than other brands) but in these we had to go up to a 10.5 which was extremely hard to find.  Thank You Amazon!!  She can't wait to get to the outdoor season (Live in Buffalo so that will not be till April) so can only tell you that wearing them around the house they have been very comfortable.", "I love these shoes. I don't play soccer but I bought them for casual wear and they are really comfortable. Thanks!", "At first, my husband thought they were a little tight. After wearing them a few times, they fit the way they should and he loves them.", "The sneaker is a dream ! Very f&#8230; awesome  !Erick Koston's sneaker ROCKS !!!Thanks a lot and&#8230; see you soon", "These were exactly what I was expecting. They actually shipped overnight (instead of 2 day) and came at a great price!", "i bought a pair of these recently and they seemed good, but  after use it three times they were broken.  its a very low quality product. not recommend. I was scammed!!!", "I had a good few inches between my big toe and the end of my shoe, they were much too large. It felt more like a men's 12 than a woman's 12 and in my experience Nike sneakers run small and narrow. Also, the back of the shoe is very stiff and was not comfortable against the back of my leg. I am returning these shoes.", "Loved the color and how well the shirt fit.  It is streamed lined and is an easy fit to wear.", "Great sneaker, great fit, received many compliments. Just wore these sneakers, yesterday, and had several of my students and colleagues ask me where I got them.", "Very satisfied product arrived in perfect condition my husband was happy and that's all that matters.  I would definitely recommend this seller to future customers and would purchase items from them again.  The item arrived just as expected lived up to its expectations and I was very impressed  Everywhere we go people love his shoes!!! I have good taste it was a present", "Exactly what I was respecting for them to be,  very comfortable,  and very easy on your feet when running.. I will definitely recommende them", "Well the product was definitely not brand new...it was used a few times...the sole was unclean and it definitely did not arrive in the NIKE box ...it arrived loose inside a larger cardboard box. I was under the impression that this was a brand new item-unused and in the box as AMAZON had it displayed and labelled for purchase. I can only guess that the underlying meaning is &#34;buyer beware&#34;...and &#34;you're on your own buddy&#34; ...when buying from AMAZON....", "Excelente compra me gusto este articulo llego tal cual como se esperaba y a la fecha indicada lo recomiendo para futuras compras", "Nothing compares to the Nike Air Max 2009.  They were unavailable for a couple of years, and then Nike brought them back.  Can't beat them for comfort,cushioning and a smooth ride.  The lime green color is unique and not easily found in stores. Also, they arrived in record time, even though I used Amazon's free shipping.", "I love these shoes.  I'm a big fan of air max.  I have an arch problem and these shoes make me feel as if I'm walking on a cloud.  I highly recommend these.  Yes, the price is a little high but in the long run these shoes will pay for themselves!!", "Bought for my wife as a Christmas present. Very pleased she was upon opening her gift. I was pleased with the price! Will definitely order again in the future!", "I cut hair at Sport Clips for a living and am on my feet 40 hrs a week... These are the best shoes Ever!! I have bought a ton of Nike shox and used to love them till I tried these. Amazing!!! Will def buy again", "I bought these shoes for my son and he absolutely loves them. I am usually opposed to buying shoes that you cant try on but these worked out perfect!", "I am retired and I really enjoy wearing these pants around the house.  They are thick which are well suited for the winter months.", "Best pair of shoes I have purchased for my daughter in years!!  Very glad I went to Amazon on this one!", "The shoe are really cute the color is nice and bright and any little girl will love them.  My granddaughter did. Great price.", "love everything about the shoes but apparently nike has changed sizeing? shoes were larger than anticipated, but doinable i hope , we will see once the season starts. i always buy nike for my son because size is usually dependable and one of the few soccer shoes that are wide enough at the toe. still the same great quality as always, i guess i am lucky and will just get two seasons instead of one!", "The very first time my daughter picked up the backpack to go to school, the top started to rip.  The other kids at school also have the same Nike backpack so I know the weight of the books aren't an issue.  We just got a dud.  I sent a message to the company asking for an exchange but have yet to hear back from them.  I spent too much on this product to be ignored when there is a problem.  Spend your money elsewhere.", "NO PROBLEM WITH DE SHIPMENT IT ARRIVED WITHOUT DELAY FOR HIS BIRTHDAYALL THE ITEMS FOR THE SHIPMENT WHERE VERY FAST AND EASY", "My 11 year old soccer fanatic bought these with his own money, and he's so happy with his purchase!! They are better looking in person, were a great deal, and are excellent quality (as usual with Nike, in our experiences!)!  They came WAY ahead of schedule, and I would recommend this product and seller to anyone!", "These shoes are pretty good.  They're soft and great on the knees for running.  I'm not a superior runner by any means, but I run about 8-12 miles per week and run 2 miles in just under 14 minutes.  Overall good running shoe.", "Love, love, love these running shoes!  Great pocket under the insole for the nike+ bit, not much effort to get this broke in, they are just plain comfortable for evening 5K runs.", "The fit in just I expected them too. It is easier to get around Nike sizes if you already own a pair. The colors look perfect, exactly like in the picture which is what I wanted. They're very comfortable and as soon as I put them on I felt like running outside (too bad it was snowing). Definitely one of the best pairs I've ever owned.", "These are my son's favorite sneaks. He can wear his ankle brace with this shoe without any problems. He thought the red would be really bright, but it's not.", "I've always liked Nike running shoes, but these particularly stand out to me. I have medium to wide sized feet, so if your feet are on the wider side, you'll probably enjoy these. In terms of width, they are similar to Air Max 90s, but have much softer cushioning.", "Some of the better pair of running shoes I've had a long time. Ultra Light and tough. I recommend them for the novice or serious runners...", "I have flat feet and run just about everyday. I had the triax and figured id give these a shot. They feel uncomfortable on whatever little bit of arch i have. They also dont have that extra hole at the top to make sure the laces keep my heal planted in the back of the shoe. They look great, just not the ideal shoe for me.", "excellent shoes, lightweight, flexible very comfortable, fashionable colors, excellent brand, highly recommend,. the seller is very reliable, safe, the office is very fast, I'm very happy with my purchase.", "Incredibly comfortable shoes, like jogging on marshmallows. The red practically glows, real attention getters.. Wish I could afford two pair, one for jogging and one for casual because they are very nice to walk on and run in.", "Colors in pictures are a little different than in person. The reddish / orange is more pinkish in person and the back heel is purple which I couldn't tell in the pics. Other than that the shoes are great.", "I fell in love with these shoes online.  Except they gave me the misconception that they were only gray and red.  When I received them, they were gray and CORAL!  Not a good look for the husband.  Also the shoelaces had purple in them.  Needless to say, my husband would not wear them and we returned them asap.  Customer Service was great!", "in order to reduce weight they removed an incredible amount of the lunarlon foam and also its stability. support is weak and I can feel myself overpronate a great deal! the fit is glove like but all and all feels and runs like a racing flat. I switch to the lunarglide 3 after years of beign an asics fanatic and decided to try the nxt model the 4s. if they can somehow combine the outsole and cushioning of the 3s and the upper of the 4s and 5s they would make a perfect stability high milage trainer, instead bith the 4s and 5s are a bust!", "My son got these for Christmas and really loves them.  He is an avid runner and loves bright shoes to run.", "Perfect fit, and the item was exactly as I expected it to be...I just love my new Nike Lunarglide shoes.", "Just a good show. Right size, light, and very comfortable. I always like Nike shoes with bright coloring on the soles.", "One day my grandson called me up and said, &#34;Grandma, could you please buy me these Nike shoes on A.....n's website&#34; and of course I agreed, after all, he is my grandson and where he wanted me to order them from is the best place to order them from. Buy them, you will love them too!", "These pair fitted snug around he mid-sole and a bit wide around the toes regions. This gave way for my toes to relax and breathe on those demanding runs with the military. Have an amazing arch support for my somewhat falling arches and the heel are comforting. I have demanding knees from being a Sky Soldier and riding sport bikes. This is one shoe that makes my knees not hurt when I wear them. They keep my foot in the right position so no pronating feet or the other way. They really are an awesome sneaker and for color I had to choose red for the Tide. Due to my low arches, I was changing out the soles for Super feet blues. Discovered that there is a pocket in the sole to store a Nike+ stand alone sensor to monitor and track your activities, wonderful shoe over all.", "I was sent a pair of used shoes....Dirt on the bottom of one shoe and a stain on the other that appeared to be blood....very disappointed in this purchase....I paid for new shoes and got a pair that had been worn and returned......needless to say I returned them.....", "its fits for me perfectly...n hav a gud lasting sole, also long lasting.. i love this stuff soo much.. try it guys", "Excellent product and great quality.  As always you can count on Nike for sturdiness.  I would definitely recommend this product", "I'm a huge&#8230;.huge Nike guy and I don't know what happen during this shift, but those lil Chinese people really messed this batch up.  I swear one shoe is bigger than the other and I like do to deep stretching in the morning and  these shoes don't really grip my desk.", "I am 98 kg with flat feet, i do walking every day for 40 minutes @ 6.4 km/hr and 3 degree inclination on a treadmill, i got myself a pair of those and they were a perfect fit, when the time came to boost the excersize, I increased the speed to 6.6 and 4 degree inclination for 45 minutes, I started to feel a lot of pain at the tip of toes,, there were somedays where I skipped the excersize just to let my feet rest, at some point I decided to get myself a larger size that I could not find locally, so I bought Nike Dart 6, the pain had gone from the tip of the toes but it moved to my ankles and eventually my knees, the inclination felt like it was double what it is, and it was like walking out of a hole, the excersize was extremely painful and exhausting that I had to cut it again, only then I realized the value of the Zoom Structure I gave up earlier. Last couple of weeks I got on amazon and I ordered the Zoom Structure 15 with one size up, today I could do my 6.6 km/hr and 4 degree inclination for 45 minutes with absolutely no pain at all, just getting the normal &#34;tired&#34; feeling after such a job.My two cents, if you got a flat feet then this is the right fix, just get one size up to account for any inconvenience and avoid loosing money over other options.", "i have no complains about it. i love my new shoes. the delivery was on time, the product quality is great. the package was the right size.i recomend 100% this product.", "The shoes look nice, and he loves them, but they wear very very poorly particularly the bottoms, and within the first week of mild usage the bottoms had significant wear, and I would not recommend, or purchase another pair for the price tag.", "My husband recently started running marathons but wears a size 14 shoe. Difficult to find shoes in the size/style he wants. Shoes received were exactly as described and were packaged well. Came in the time promised. Couldn't be more pleased.", "The picture does not do these running shoes justice. In person they are beautifully made and brilliant color. They fit very well and tremendously comfortable.", "Great shoe. Lasts through many runs. Great color for night runners! Will definitely purchase more Nike Free Run's in the future.", "My review of the Free Run 3 is compared to my old Free Run 2's. My Free Run 2's were consistent in size with other models of Nike shoes, the Nike Free Run 3 is a narrower and shorter sized shoe. If you are coming off the FR2, you'll have to go to your local shoe store for a proper FR3 fitting.The FR2 construction was a single piece booty-type of construction, while the FR3 has a separate tongue design. For me I preferred the single piece booty design of the FR2 as I could lace the shoe looser.What I'm finding with the FR3 is that although I now have the length correct, the shoe is so narrow that you can feel it pinch the sides of my feet, no matter how loose I lace the shoe.Returning to the single piece versus the tongue design of the FR3, I find that the tongue will migrate to the outside of my foot, and bunch-up. The bunching-up along with the already narrow cut of the shoe makes my feet uncomfortable or tingly like they are falling asleep. For a shoe that is supposed to feel minimal, after a few miles of running that nuisance feeling wears on my psyche.As for the break-in period, for me it's been a grind. I keep four different models of shoes in my running rotation, and feel like I should be able to grab a pair of shoes and go, but not with the FR3. It took over a month of short walks (adding up to about 70 kilometers) before my feet built up enough callous specific to these shoes, for me to run in them.Had I never owned Free Run 2's, I probably wouldn't know to complain about the Free Run 3. I had initially planned to make these a half-marathon race shoe, but I'm not confident in these shoes and they'll probably end up only being used for night runs.", "This people deliver to APO, AE address im out here in Afghanistan and not many sellers deliver over here but this guys do and it took less then 2 weeks and that is great time for out here", "I run a lot and have tried just about every kind of runner. I love the light weight and cushioning combination in these. Most ultra light shoes have no impact resistance and most cushioned runners are too heavy. These strike the right mix. I love the Volt color because they just about glow in the dark.", "I'm an over 200lb. runner. I need good shoes with good padding. I love these. They're my second pair of Vomero running shoes. Highly recommended for a neutral runner on the heavier side.", "Not Bad, these were bought as a gift, the giftee likes them a lot.  However, they did pick them out.", "This style of Nike is my new favorite shoe. I have them in several colors and plan to buy more. Worth every penny.", "Just wanted to throw my two cents in. I saw a review from a woman rating a mens shoe that plays raquetball in running shoes. It was also considered a favorite review. Very confusing how someone can rate a running shoe and have negative feed back to a runner who didn't like the shoe. I've logged well over 1000 miles in the +28s and had to switch to the +29s because I wore my last pair out. I thought this would be a safe change due to other pegasus' I've worn over the years. I am a month from running another marathon and realize this was probably not a good time to change shoees but I took a chance with the +29s. Unbelievable difference. At least to me. My knees and feet hurt so bad after a 19 mile run that I was having doubts as to wether I would actually be able to finish the marathon training. Luckily the local shoe store here helped me and I think I'll be ok. If you are used to the +28s just be careful with the +29s. Make sure you can return them if you need to. And really people, if your going to do things other than run in a running shoe, don't behigh and mighty over a person that didn't like the shoe and used it for its inended purpose...", "Having had enough shoes, running many miles and try and try. I decided to go for these shoes. I thought there would be up to a Asics shoes and other overpriced. Suffered from sore ankles warm and because of my bad shoes. I saw these on sale, the tried and changed everything ... It was pain ...The tread is super comfortable, weigh quite little and I think with both a more expensive shoes. If you run frequent often, but you are thinking of running marathons are ideal. Buy a how are you and stop playing with your health", "Very comfortable and well made. Liked the color design as well and with three young children, I do alot of running and have little time to shop!", "was the correct size and fit that i had assumed it would bewas in the original new packaging and boxwas promptly shipped and deliveredvery comfortable higher mileage running shoes as hoped", "They fit well and are very light.  I only run a couple times a week usually on the treadmill but these shoes felt right for me.  Great cushioning in the heel and was wide enough for me in the toes.  Like the color also and so very light.  Would buy them again.", "I ran a 50 mile Ultra marathon in this shoe, the first 26 miles the shoe fit fine, however the sole didn't last, by mile 26 , i could feel every little rock and pebble on the trail.  This shoe is only for short runs 5K and 10K's.  Nike is way behind in the running shoe field.  Would not purchase another Nike running shoe!", "Great shoe, but I had to exchange my first order because it fits a 1/2 size smaller than the Pegasus 30 model.", "I needed a new pair of running shoes, so I actually downgraded from the Air Pegasus+ 30 to this shoe due to their very reasonable price. In comparison, doesn't feel as light in motion and took a while for me to break them in. After 100+ miles logging in these shoes, they feel very comfortable and not as stiff. I would definitely by another pair if necessary.", "I was looking for a replacement for my Vomero 3's that had a few hundred miles on them. I've only run in these shoes twice, but they lack the comfort and cushion of the Vomero. I tried on a pair of the current Vomero 7's, but they didn't fit quite right. I guess I'll continue my search.", "Shoes felt like they would be very comfortable only they seem to run about 1/2 size small will try another pair but this time will go to a shoe store, return was very easy!!", "The Nike Pegasus has always been known for its cushioning. Although not as highly cushioned as its big brother, the Nike Zoom Vomero, it is lighter. The extremely light upper is made of a soft plastic. In the Pegasus 29 a Zoom air unit in the heel is combined with a foam cushion for the rest of the sole.This is an extremely comfortable shoe (though, again, not as much so as the more expensive Vomero). Its one problem is that the two different cushion types -- air and foam -- have a rather different feel; where one ends and the other begins is quite evident. This isn't a problem for me but I use these as casual/walking shoes; it might bother runners.", "As usual, great shoes. Very comfortable, the only thing you have to keep in mind when buying Air Pegasus is that the soles will eventually wear down faster than other shoes. They have very good grip on the other side!", "I bought a pair of these after running in the Pegasus + 28 this last summer. I liked those so much I bought a second pair. When the + 29 came out I immediately grabbed a pair. I've probably run about 150 miles in these shoes and have not had any problems. I've tried many different brands, most of them much more expensive and these are honestly the most comfortable for me. I plan to wear these in a few months for a 1/2 marathon with confidence.", "comodos para salir a trotar caminar hacer ejercicios en cualquier parte subir al avila monta&ntilde;a o campin donde sea necesario", "Modern design, excellent quality, very beautiful colors, and very comfortable. I recommend it, very good acquisition. Nike is just Nike, Congratulations", "great product with a resalable price. next time i need athletic shoes will be the first place to check. thanks", "This shoe is really comfy and looks great just be ware that it's the color of the Hulk and looks like it will glow in the dark :)", "These were gift for our youngest son (35yrs) who is a shoe expert and is athleticism his shoes get hard use. He gave them high marks.  So we hit homerun with our gift.", "I love Nike, and I love the 360's just as much. I own a lot of shoes but these are my fav!", "this product is perfect for me it is confertable in every way i love it and could not believe how confertable it is", "I love these shoes definitely worth the money. They are very comfy and pretty durable in all weather conditions. A must buy", "I have a few of these and I buy them when ever I see them at a great priceFeel great and you can run for ever with these shoes.", "These shoes sell for $159.99 at the 3 local stores I checked but not in this color combo which I really like.  Pics don't do them justice. I could order them this way from the Nike store for $185.00  This is a great buy.", "was a gift to my hubby ...and he loves it....just like description.Excellent choice he is so happy with them and they ar so cofy", "I had to look around quite a bit before I found shoes with a low heel and some arch support. I am used to wearing Birkenstocks and high heels really annoy me. These are good when the weather does not allow Birkenstock sandals.", "Unfortunately i got an email saying the stock number was wrong on here and that i will be getting a full refund which i did receive. I know the shoes great because i had a different colored pair before. They fit really nice and easy on the feet. I would recommend the shoes.", "These shoes are exactly what I wanted being a coach...lightweight, comfortable, and look great. Cannot go wrong if you order these.", "These shoes are light, extremely comfortable, and nice looking to boot. Definitely a great buy! I bought the Cool Grey-Summit White shoes. They look good with a variety of clothing styles and colors. Wish I had bought a second pair.", "Great shoes..very lightweight. They fit true to size and are comfortable. I will definitely buy same shoes in other colors!", "Great running shoes for my son who runs track he said they were great and comfortable. awesome shoes for teenager.", "The shoes are very light,but don't get the nike run free, they look the same but they are very different.", "Everything you would expect from Nike.  Comfortable while doing jumping exercises and jogging.  Love the color as it goes with just about anything.", "It's always good when you are buying something for a gift and the item is perfect. I highly recommend it.", "I used these shows for running on concrete/sidewalks, also for casual use, I can't complain, have had some leg troubles, but I do not think it is due to the shoe, they provide great support and very nice style!", "The child that received this product is very happy with them. He was not going to receive any Christmas presents until I was able to buy a great product at a wonderful price.", "This is a great shoe...the air sole provides great cushioning. The only annoying thing is that there is no real tongue on the shoe so it can be a battle to get your foot in it.", "They are very confortable runing shoes. They feel great and looks even better. If u like the model... Just click the buy button.", "It's a nike product... what else can I say?... the colors, the material, de size, everything is perfect.  I bought it for my wife and she love it.", "Really like the shirt - nice length and everything!! I really like how it fits - very comfortable. I would definitely recommend.", "I have low arches and these shoes are heaven on my knees.  They are light and the color is remarkable - navy with a hint of purple rain.  You will not be disappointed in these shoes.", "She just opened the box and got happy with the design and colors, just waiting to wear them at the gym. Fast shipping, arrived in perfect condition.", "Super cute and super comfortable.  Mesh is  lightweight and comfortable.  Color is really nice, kind of a raspberry color.  This shoe cost a lot more on other sites.", "bought these for my wife that loves anything pink. she loves them. they are great a comfotable. shipped very fast.", "I like the shoes however i thought from the picture they were a light yellow but the shoes i received they were a neon green and gray", "I use these for running/hiking and they stand up to the challenge. They not only fit well, but the tread haven't worn as fast as most shoes I go through so I'm extremely happy about that. They have also withstood many washes and are still holding up.", "I highly recommend these shoes to every level of runners. I love the colors and style. My feet never sweat in these shoes.", "Love them, they are excellent for my power walking, love the color, they are so comfortable, will buy another pair", "I'm in my mid-40s and decided that running would be the most economical and quickest way for me to get in some daily exercise.  So I was looking for a shoe that would protect my not-used-to-running joints and support my really-not-used-to-running feet and muscles.  These shoes are lightweight, but with solid foot support and are cushiony without suffocating my feet.  I'm not running like a gazelle just yet - but I'm definitely not lumbering along, weighted down with elephantine feet either.", "I love Nike Frees and have used them for a few of years now, this is my 5th or so pair and I recommend them to everyone I know.  I haven't had anyone I've told about them come back and say they regretted buying them.  I have tried the alternatives and think that the Free gets as close to barefoot as is safe to run outside.  The others in my opinion don't provide enough protection for landing on something that might injure your foot.  Within a week of starting with them (I started with Free 7.0s which have a thicker sole to ease you into the concept) I no longer had knee pain nor shin splints.", "I have had plantar fascitis in my feet in the past, and this shoe (while ok for standing for a little while, feels like its lacking support in the toe area. Fine for a light jog, but I am a nurse, on my feet for 12 hours, and the support for this is lacking.", "I like the looks of these a lot. I jog about 2 miles a day. They're very comfortable. I think I personally might need a little more ankle support. Other than that, they're great.", "I shop for Nike a lot. And with their shoes, I've had the same shoe for over 4 1/2 years and it's still running strong. I will add, I take care of my things with extra care. With these, I washed them (w/o dryer use- let them air dry) when needed (usually about once a month) and keep them clean as I go in between. Mine are blue, white and reflective silver.The only issue I had about a year ago was a small part of the rubber sole on the back part, coming a little loose on one shoe. Had it professionally fixed (glued back) and looks and feels like new. Had it pro fixed incase something else needed to be done instead of just gluing. Love my shoes (and spent a lot) so wanted to keep them ;)Right now, there is a small tear on the left side near the pinkie toe area. :( (that's why I'm here, looking for a new fit) ;) anyway though...Fits great.. I have the Nike+iPod installed and just love it.  :)Just Do It. ;)", "love the color and the style. this allows any one to see me while I run. glad they had the color I wanted!", "I am usually a New Balance girl, but I had heard such rave reviews of the Air Pegasus that I thought that I would give them a try.  I am an average distance runner (about 30-35 miles a week) who has been running for nearly 30 years and need a shoe that is comfortable, stable for my ankles and supportive for my arches.  Shoe longevity, especially with shoes this expensive, is also a huge factor for me.  I also was looking for a shoe that was a bit more minimalist than my usual choices as I am looking to improve my gait from a heal strike to mid-foot strike.  I was greatly disappointed in the Pegasus.  After only three weeks of regular use, I started to see significant signs of wear.  The shoe was also rather snug (I usually wear a 7.5), but I felt that I could deal with this if all other factors were equal.  I also did not get the same kind of support that I was used to in New Balance.  I ran a race in the Pegasus shoes and my feet and knees were not happy by the end. Given the reviews and the price I had much higher expectations of this Nike product.  I will be going back to New Balance!", "Of course the shoe is great like the pegasus is (go try one on in your local running store if you're unsure of the fit/foot compatability).  I ordered these online because I wanted the neon color, and I was not disappointed!  It truly is NEON!!  Super flourescent and bright.  Love it.  Paired it with some black reflective Yankz laces and now every car on the road will be sure to see me :)", "My wife loves these running shoes.feel good on walking or jogging and works well with her electronic tracking devices. Recommend to any runner", "These shoes are so awesome! Love how bright they are too! They are super comfortable, and perfect for wearing to the gym. Love them!", "Great looking shoe and very comfortable. Fit is true to other Nike running shoes , would definitely buy this shoe again", "Excelente producto, fue enviado incluso antes de lo indicado, muy buena calidad, muy conforme con la compra, lo recomiendo altamente.", "I love these shoes, they are very comfortable.  I haven't worn them to run or work out, but I wear them to work (vet tech) and on my feet all day.  They are durable and  comfortable.", "so comfortable and super cute.  Very functional.  I like the color options. I see people with the bright colors and they look cute.", "Bought these for my wife without her ever trying them on.  She has always loved air pegasus and knows exactly which size fits her.  These worked perfectly, and she's always used them for working out since she got them.", "I just love the shoe, it is comfortable, not heavy and fits perfectly. Have run with Pegasus several half marathon and that is why I got this ones for a marathon. It did work for me however I know we all have different running styles, performance and physical characteristic, the Pegasus is worth trying", "I bought these shoes for a friend for her birthday and she loves them! They fit great and are great to wear during workouts!!", "The shoe looks nice and is very &#34;cushiony&#34;. It would be perfect if I had ordered a half size up from my normal size (8.5W), which has also always been my regular size in Nike. The toe box is really tight. I really, really would have liked this shoe if not for the sizing issue, and I have no way to return it now.", "This is the third pair of Nike Pegasus shoes I have purchased. They are comfortable, they wear well, and come in a great variety of colors. I will buy another pair when these wear out!", "I always wear AirPegasus so really no big surprise that i love shoe...also all the kids at my school think I'm really with it to wear such a bright shoe!", "Nike is my choice for running shoes.  I purchased this pair for my gym runs.  The hot pink is off the chart.", "Love Air Pegasus shoes & was really glad to find them. Have back & knee problems, so these shoes work super good for me, as I use them for walking.", "I love my old Nike tennis shoes, but read good reviews on the Air Pegasus shoes, and I have to agree.  Very comfortable with lots of support for working out and running.", "Nike seems to have discontinued these shoes, so  whenever I see them available, I buy a pair. They're great trail running shoes.  They fit well, and seem to last forever!  When I couldn't find a pair locally, I bought  the Nike Wildhorse. That was a bad idea.  The fit is completely different, and it's not a quality shoe like the Air Pegasus.  There's no pull tab at the heel, no notches in the tongue for laces, and the rear of the heel is cutaway, so you tend to rock backwards. The front of the shoe is overly padded.", "These shoes feel so good and I have wide feet so it's usually hard for me to find a comfortable tennis shoe I love these shoes", "These shoes are perfect for my wife.  Perfect fit.  Comfort was great and they were shipped and delivered in Hawaii in days.  Now my wife is Pregnant and can only walk/", "I just got my new Nike air max in black and purple,I like them. I  find Nike to be true to there size.As far as performance goes In the pastThe fit are good not too tight or have a funny arch to them. The delivery was fast . Pretty psyced !I have liked Nike and will continue to buy them as long as they don't go to over the top with prices.", "wow, when i ordered these I thought, because of the price, they would be an extra pair or shoes to wear, but I was way off the mark.  they are my absolute favorite shoes to wear to the gym, grocery shopping, with jeans and yoga pants!! I wore them to work on black friday and several of my co workers commented on how fresh they were! I highly recommend these to any age group, theyre a great shoe to jog in, walk, shop, etc. They are super comfortable, great support and give you superb balance for an amazing price", "Super cute & comfortable. I always get compliments when I wear them. Looks great with jeans & workout clothes. Best Nikes I've ever bought.", "These have been the best shox I have ever bought. Was skeptical at first. Ordered a pair of shox turbo + 12 from another site last year and had an awful uncomfortable fit. Extremely tight and one shoe didn't come up far enough on my heel and felt like it was going to slip off. I decided to try again and I couldn't be more pleased. I wear an 8 and have a wide foot, but with tennis shoes I can get away with a medium width. They move with your foot so they were more flexible than expected as well. No foot pain nor back pain any longer and very breathable fabric so your feet don't get too sweaty if you wear them alot as I do.", "My wife love the shoe. It is light weight and breathable. here only complaint is that it requires an additional insert for support.", "Don't let the photo turn you away. These are replacing a pair of Nike cross-trainers that I had I all over Europe, crazy Caribbean and Central American explorations and before getting home to LA Florida and another trip to Europe.I love shoes, but with a perfect fitting Nike's, sometimes those lovely heels, boots or flats are just not right. I keep an old pair of Nike's designed like these in my car with some outdoor gear just in case some fun pops up.These are definitely more advanced in every way: fibers, sole design, physical comfort and temperature - it's as though they breathe and almost as good as bare feet. The color coordinates with all my gear, I really like dark gray with various pastels. The last were black with white &#34;swoops&#34; and b & w layers in the sole. So I've updated everything and these fit right in plus they look good with jeans though I usually wear other boots or shoes with jeans. These came very fast as in perfect, new condition.", "These sneakers are sooo comfortable.  They are not bulky and almost make you seem as though you have no shoes on.  I think they were a great buy.", "I purchase these shoes mainly as a casual sneaker not for a specific activity. They are super lightweight and very comfortable not to mention cute!", "I bought these shoes as Christmas gift for my girlfriend's mother. She works out 5-6 times a week and needed comfortable shoes. Of course she wanted Nike that looked nice but yet still gave the comfort she needed. She has no complaints about the shoe and is very happy with them.", "I recommend this product. They are true to size, nice looking and comfortable. Nice price! And I love the color.", "Wow! i cant believe how quick my daughters' shoes arrived!! The Delivery was estimated for Thursday and they arrived on MONDAY!!My daughter is going to be stoked by seeing her gift! she loves running and shes a blue lover. What else can I ask for?Im a happy customer. Thank you!!", "I purchased these shoes because I love the VOLT color.  I even added some laces of the same sole color to make them POP!  Besides appearance though, these are a very comfortable shoe.  Great arch support and solid around the foot.  The only con I have is the tongue is weird.  It's very thin and a bit stiff.  I prefer a padded tongue to add comfort to the front of my ankle/foot area where the tongue normally sits.  Super fast shipping from this seller.", "My wife is wearing these and really loves the light feel.  She just started running and these shoes have been very comfortable and light weight.", "We ordered these for our daughter and they came in and were to big, so we sent them back and ordered a different size and never got them.  She was so disappointed about not getting these.", "This is a very attractive shoe.  My daughter loves it.  I am very pleased with this purchase.  I should have bought 2 pairs", "SE LOS RECOMIENDO A TODOS, POR SER UN EXCELENTE ZAPATO, BASTANTES COMODOS Y MUY BUEN ACABADO, NO DEJEN DE COMPRARLO", "My husband ordered this sneaker for me and it arrived faster than expected. It's such a beautiful and comfortable sneaker. I have the black and pink ones, they are so nice. I love, love , love this sneaker!", "Really great shoes beautiful color and very comfortable.. Very impressed with the delivery time. Great job USPO keep up the great work.", "Very nice, I like pink/black.  I wore them once or twice, but I felt them a little big.  I ended up giving them to my mom.  Nevertheless I do recommended them.", "muy bonitos los zapatos, se ve que son de mu buena calidad, el color es muy lindo, el vendedor puntual, responsables. lo recomiendo. saludos desde venezuela", "exelente articulo llego rapido y el proveedor confiable al momento de la transaccion lo recomiendo, confiable, responzable, lo recomiendo 100 por ciento", "I was looking for this  running sneaker locally...but they never had my size...happy with the fit and color...very comfortable..in fact I should buy an extra pair", "I feel good to wear it. And my boyfriend bought one in the same style. We all like it very much.", "I am Full pleased with my nike dual fusion run wmns running shoes. Love them. thank you very much they're lovely", "My wife was very happy with these . It is the perfect mix of fashion and performance .I Highly recommend.", "I Love the shoes but the color isn't what I expected. I was thinking Crimson was red and these shoes are bright orange so they don't match with too many of my outfits", "Excelent Shoes!This product are confortables, have great weight and look very pretty.I recommend this shoes for exercise and walking", "I love the shoe, however, I should have gotten a 1/2 size smaller.  I will keep them, because they are very comfortable.", "I love the raspberry pink color it is very vibrant, I've received many compliments on them because of the color. With that said, these are very comfortable, very cushioned. I've used them for my kick boxing and my sculpting class and they support my ankles and are great sneakers!", "These shoes are wonderful they are wide enought for me also. i also get a 9.5 in exercise shoes and they fit perfect. I also got the gray ones.", "Buena calidad del producto lo q esperaba seriedad recomiendo para que todos compren este tipo de productos para regalar en", "Great deal, good durability for the price. Would buy again. These are my second pair of Nike Trail Running shoes and I love them.", "I got 2 a while ago at Ross but they were about half this price. I'm a 36c and got them in size medium, it's perfect. (Tried on small and it squeezed my ribs and was hard to get on and off.) I think the elastic's starting to wear out in the underboob area, but they're still great, very comfy. They don't squish you down much though. (Maybe that's a plus for some people.) And no noticeable problems with sweating and stinking so I guess they live up to their name! I like the black better than the white because the white discolors fast.", "This really helps hold the heat in.  The snug fit makes it comfortable and easy to slip a loose top over it.  We are keeping our house colder so this is really helping me stay toasty!", "Fast shipping, great and original product.Shoes are really nice and comfortable, I like them a lot I will buy again from this vendor.", "I just want to say Thank you very much for relatively quick shipment service.And I got the really NEW zoom kobe 7, meant no one ever tried. (Could be yes but the product is the best.)Thank you!", "My husband loves these shoe so much that you can't even stand to close to him when he's wearing them.", "these shoes are the worst purchase i have made on amazon to date. they are far too heavy and i rolled my ankles in them twice. terrible shoes: dont buy", "Seller have false detail in description. He said the shoe was brand knew and the insoles we're never worn. When the product came, the shoe had paint chips on the sides as if it was worn outside. The insoles were no doubt worn and the shoe absolutely did not look brand new", "Extremely happy with this purchase! Bought this for my best friend who fell on hard times, and he has always wanted a pair. Shipping was fast and item was perfect. Thank you!!!", "I love this shoes, It's nice and I going to use every time because is confortable and look good for me.", "I bought these last Christmas for my boyfriend and he loves them. He wears a size 9 and the he said they fit great, a little narrow; but not too bad he said. Shipping was okay, got here a little later than I wanted, but no big deal.", "all very good I would just like to comment that the package would be fair to the product box as the packaging is a lot bigger than the rest of the product no complaints what I expected because I hope to take into consideration what the packaging", "this shoe is great! comfy, lightweight, and looks great. got this shoe just for bboying. i recommend this shoe for everyone!", "These Nikes are very light and incredibly comfortable from the first use. Feels true to size and width. The &#34;Retro&#34; look is also awesome. They also have great ventilation. All in all a great shoe.", "This is exactly what my husband needed for the snow. It keeps his feet warm and dry while still looking sleek.  Great customer service from this company as well!", "run small please be aware of this before buying but its a great shade of navy blue better then most of the bright blue boots on the market", "Product was smaller than your actual foot size. order one size bigger if you will order. They are not as insulated as i thought. they are meant for snow but do not keep your feet warm.", "I really like this style boot, if you can find me a size 13 in the same boot please let me know, thank you. James Cameron", "I did not buy these but I did try them on in a store. They run one full size too small and are a tough narrow. I normally wear a 10M in Nikes, and it was a shock to me as I tried on a 10, and then a 10.5, and then an 11. I would have gotten them if not for the narrowness issue", "The were for my son for Christmas. He says they fit, have a good arch support, and are comfortable. Likes the color combination too.", "He LOVED them! I would have never been able to find something like these locally!  Fast service & very happy with our purchase", "I was skeptical about buying sneakers that I didn't try on, but I went for these because of the way they looked.  They fit perfectly and look great.  I get compliments all the time.  Also, when they get dirty, they are easy to clean and they look like new with just a little water and a paper towel.", "The title just about says it all. The shoes are very nice looking but they are narrow and fit very tight. I went to a shoe store and tried a size bigger and they were longer but still narrow and tight so I will stick with my original size. There is not much room for wiggling toes. These are not available in wide sizes. If comfort is important to you I might recommend looking elsewhere. If comfort is not an issue and you just want cool looking shoes, these are definitely pretty.", "Tighter than I the usual size 12. All my shoes are size 12 but this particular shoe comes short. Don't understand why", "My son walks everywhere and I wanted sneakers that would give him support as well as look good on his feet.....I wasn't disappointed.", "Bought as a gift for my husband last Xmas. He loved it. Hope I can find more quality bargains like this.", "My middle school son (a big kid) needed good solid running shoes for PE class in school and these were perfect. They have held up well and look like new.", "I always wear nike the color contrast really caught my eye,but trying them on and walking a bit in them.really sold the shoe. Had them for a week now and never take them off.", "I am always looking for running shoes that look understated rather then ostentatious, so when I saw these in black I figured they were perfect. My not likeing the tread is my bad, admitedly, and they were plenty comfortable to run in. The problem is that while my previous shoes (Asics and New Balances) would reach 400 miles and look a little dusty, and I only replace them because its good practice (They still felt fine and looked in good shape, but why risk , you know?), I noticed bits of mesh busting out, and the toe of my left shoe peeling off at around 100 miles with the Nike Dart 10. Maybe Its a fluke or I'm unlucky, but my experience was sub par, so take that as a data point. Personally, I'm going back to Asics.", "I love these shoes.  My first running shoes, actually.  No obnoxious colors (which is rare for these types), and extremely comfy.  When I first tried them on I was inclined to actually go for a jog.  That's a bloody miracle right there.Anyway, the only problem I had with them is the heels wore out a bit (back of the shoe support), and there's slight rips in the side mesh (not a problem, unless it's raining).  I don't think I had these shoes long enough to justify that kind of damage, and I would expect more from a company like Nike.  I guess I should expect that for the price, and though I'm tempted to get another pair I might just hold off for something else.", "These shoes look great and are very comfortable. For the price they are a great pair of athletic running shoes.", "My son is an avid runner. After trying on the shoe Christmas morning, he said, &#34;I love it...thanks Mom!&#34; I asked him if it was a good shoe for running and his assessment was, &#34;No because its too heavy, but I still like it. I can wear it when I'm not running...like when I go to my friends' houses and stuff like that, so I still really like it.&#34;He has been wearing it every day when he isn't running, so I know he likes the shoe. However, he doesn't seem to recommend it for running because he says the shoe is too heavy for running.", "Yeah. I suppose it's just bad luck! When i came home there was a little hole on my left shoe, some stitches had ripped somehow. And i was just walking around with my girlfriend. That's why i'm giving it 3 stars. Even with this factory issue, i'm pretty happy because these are pretty comfortable shoes. Lightweight, and fit so good! They do your feet a favor. Until now, they're doing really good on running days and on every kind of terrain.Hope you don't get a factory defective one, because it's a great shoe!", "These are the best gym and running shoes I have ever purchased over the past five years.They are light, fit like a glove, and have very good cushioning.", "A very comfortable fit and feel for the price on the shoes. Ideal for daily use as well as running without having to burn a hole through your wallet.", "The size is accurate. They fits my feet very well. Will buy again. Will change to a lighter color next time.", "The last time I bought this shoe it fit without feeling snug! This time they feel a little bit small,seemed too narrow. I don't know why? I know it was the same shoe; all the information on the box from the last pair I purchased was the same. The last pair seemed wider, I don't feel as though these shoes are a true size 9. As it was my first time on Amazon I was sketchy about this very problem! (Not being able to try a shoe on)! A big part of the buying process is trying the shoe on! The price was right but the fit was not!", "I wear these 3-4 times a week to work out and run.  They fit comfortably and seem to be holding up well.  I've had them for about 3 months so not too long, but I've been very happy with them thus far.", "Got these for my son to wear at his running class in college.  He liked them!I am so glad I picked the right size.", "perfectly tailored, fully met my expectations, comfortable and pleasant. the material is great, besides being quite flexible, they are also lightweight, thank you very much", "The fit was perfect, and felt totally comfortable. I won two table tennis tournament events wearing them, so they served my purpose well. I did get replacement shoestrings, though, as the 45&#34; round shoestrings kept coming untied. When I replaced them with 54&#34; black flat shoestrings, I had enough length that I could double tie them and then they were perfect. I would certainly recommend these shoes other than that.", "I only buy one or two pairs of shoes every year or so. I take pretty good care of each pair so they last me a while. I've taken up running and my old shoes just weren't cutting it so I bought these. The price was great (under $60), they fit perfectly, and they have hardly worn down at all. Reliable, comfortable, slick. They're pretty great.", "Very comfortable and good build material good for work if you have a lot of time standing i recomand it", "The shoes fit great! I am a runner so I was hesitant to buy shoes online. Hesitation was a ridicules these were perfect! Great cost, great delivery time, Great running!!!", "We've bought this sneaker before and it took about a year for the black part of the sole of the shoe to separate from the white.  This time it took about 6 weeks.  Question whether this was truly a nike product?  Had to use Shoe Goo 3 times and the shoes are less than 4 months old.  Would have returned them but the return date had expired just prior to my attempt.", "These shoes are very comfortable. I wear them to the gym every day. I am a very satisfied customer. I highly recommend this product.", "This shoe is miles better than the shoes I was wearing. It was snug at first, so I had to wear them around the house for a couple hours to break them in. The only complaint I would have is that these shoes are well insulated and my feet got hot quickly. I would suggest wearing socks that are of a light fabric.", "This shoes is too back and the sole it a bit too white  so I returned it .It looks too simple .Was expecting  something  better.", "Fit as expected. I just wish they made a more impact durable shoe. these are very lightweight and thin, as expected. I just wish running shoes in general had a little more protection.", "Very light comfortable and affordable. Perfect fit. These shoes are great for running and walking. I run 2-3 times a week, and I haven't had a problem with them (so far).", "These shoes fit great and are very comfortable.  I have a bad lower back (had back surgery) and need quality footwear to minimize my back discomfort.  These work great.", "These shoes are durable in all types of weather. I give them four-stars because one of my pairs ripped on a hiking trip, and I had to buy another pair. However, I started wearing hiking boots after that. I definitely recommend the Nike Dart 10 shoes!", "I use nike shoes for about twenty years and I have never been disappointed, this model is comfortable and lightweight, satisfied with my purchase.", "Pretty good shows, just what I was looking for. Good to walk, comfortable to use and also nice looking. Recommend", "there wasn't an option for wide so the shoe is slightly tight on my boyfriend's foot, its a bummer, but he still likes the shoe.", "The back of the shoe get dirty really quickly and it's hard to get clean. I had to soak in Shout!", "Are a 2013 Christmas gift not opened yet; from what I can see they are nicely made, great color and sporty looking", "They are a bit narrow and were snug on the first few runs.  The top of the shoes seem to hinge right at the toes and dig in instead of flex in an arch.  Painful.  Laces don't slide well so you get an uneven tightening.", "The shoes were for my son for Christmas , and he loves them, fits perfect and they arrived on time. nice and light weight also.", "This is a really comfortable shoe great for walking and running. Has really good arch support. I do recommend this shoe.", "Nothing can prepare you for purchasing a pair of shoes and wearing them all day, then feeling the pain of the heel rubbing.  By the time you get you have developed a blister and can't wear them anymore.", "Honestly it was my fault, not ever knowing me size you really require, and request must have been 8 when 9, otherwise the shoes are great, my only mistake that detail", "The Nike fleece capri works very well for my Curves workout because they allow more air flow as the workout level increases.  They are comfortable, pack well and are a great addition to my workout clothes options.", "it said 4 big kid, I received a 4 for a 1 yr old baby,  I was deceived, can't wear, supposed to be a Christmas gift for my 8 yr old.", "Bought these for my 10 year old for Christmas.  He really likes them and they are a nice looking shoe.", "My son loves these shoes and will not wear anything else! I'm glad that I found these because I'm on a tight budget.", "My daughter this pair of sneakers. They are very comfortable and fit true to size. The color is exactly a the picture shows.", "My granddaughter opened the Christmas gift and put them on and you could just see the satisfaction on her face.  That's a five star rating every time.", "Daughter's absolute favorite shoes - she gets them in a couple of colors each season. Durable and very comfortable. Perfect for those pesky middle-school required mile-runs!", "My daughter is on her 2nd pair of these.  On both the first and second pair the rubber at the toe has started peeling off.  Will not be buying these again.  They look okay but are too costly to keep replacing.", "My wife likes these boots, especially for the price they also fit as shown on the website. We are happy with our purchase.", "I purchased these to replace old Alvords. They fit the same as the my previous pair. Traction isn't the greatest with these, even on easy hikes I find that my hiking boots are better. They are as bright as the picture and I have a few threads that have started to fray and stick up. Cushioning with everyday wear seemed to diminish a bit fast for my comfort.  I would be disappointed if I had spent more on these.", "A great shoe for working out or knocking around.  Very comfortable and durable.  I recomment this product to anyone looking for a work out shoe", "Great shoes for trail running. Stable and well cushioned. I do medium runs of about 4 miles but it is up and down hills and around the lake.", "Not only did i love this shoe, i bought two additional pairs when i found my size and color. It is the most comfortable shoe i have ever purchased. i only found one thing wrong; i wish the tongue was padded. The size was perfect and, although i no longer run, it makes a great walking shoe. i heartily recommend this product.", "These are Nike's so I was expecting quality, and they delivered as usual. I like running and biking in these. I even put some fancy laces on them to jazz them up.", "I wear them every time to the gym and I have at least 5 other pairs. I'm thinking of getting a second pair just to wear all the time.", "This is a very thin t-shirt. I wasn't expecting it to be this thin when ordering it but that's okay. It was still really nice. Perfect for running. Bought this as a gift.", "I usually wear 11.5 and this was definitely way too small; I ordered the 12 and that fit much better.", "These shoes are very nice, and they also allow a lot of support for your feet. I would recommend these to everyone who needs or wants a new pair of shoes.", "oh god the reviews must be at least 20 works long. I think the shoes are good but the ship is a little late.", "dude, i slept with this shoe so yeaaa...i just...love it mayne !!*submitted by my cousin, for whom it was bought.*", "Shoes arrived quickly, they are 1 size bigger than the regular cortez basic leather shoes, but exactly as described.  10char", "this was a sneaker i wanted for ever it said i wouldnt get it till 2 more mounths!!! but i got it today this is great!!!", "Got these for my son. Needless to say, he is rather rough on cleats, between club and high school teams, he wears these 6 days/week. Anything that lasts over 3-4 months with this type of abuse gets a thumbs up from me!", "I really liked this shoe.  It provides adequate cushioning and support, but the shoe is still light enough so that it doesn't slow me down.Also, the shoe doesn't leave black marks on the floor (like my last pair)", "doesnt come in size 12 in the color i want black with the white rim and black sole when are they gonna come in that size?NEVER MIND WRONG SHOE I WENT ON NIKE.COM AND DESIGNED MY OWN SHOE THEY DONT MAKE THE ONE I THOUGHT THIS WAS", "A trendy yet comfortable pair of shoes. Had worn for months yet still in good shape. I would recommend it", "Fits well, the material is softer than I thought it would be. My husband really liked it (early Valentine's Day present). Nice fit. My husband is 6'2\" and wears medium to large in t-shirts; I bought him the large, since it's a jacket.", "My wife had these same shoes in a different color so when she needed a new pair I bought her these. She says they are just as nice as the ones we picked out in the store. I expect she's gonna put a few hundred miles on these just like her other ones.", "Having a job where I am on my feet all day, usually on cement floors, proper shoe fit and construction are very important to me. I have tried all the major brands, and Air Force 1 Nike's fit better and last longer than any of the competition.", "I am super excited to give these to my son!! They are even cooler in person then in the photo! Buyer beware when ordering any Jordan shoes, another sale site has a great way to tell if they are fake or not, check it out, print it off and buy away! Its what I do to ensure we are getting the real deal without spending $200+ per pair!! These are the real deal", "Bought these for my husband who prefers the older styles of air max.  He likes them a lot.  I had to send the 12 back and replace w size 13.  Thankfully the 13s work.  When the 13 arrived there was no shoe box holding them which seemed odd but shoes are okay.", "they come with the three pairs of insoles 2 pairs of the mesh inside things and the pair of shoes them self also they come with extra grey laces.they are 223$ when got in store so this is a steal price.", "I bought two pairs of these Nike Golf Tech Sporty Shorts for my 13/14 year old daughter who is a Jr. golfer. These short are great fitting, comfortable, they wear well and launder better. Since they are easy to pack, we take the two pairs when we travel for tournaments. They are a little pricey but are worth the buy. We have a bone color and black and will probably purchase more as she grows.", "The shoe is well made and my son loves the style.  The price was better than anywhere else, and thankfully, they had it in a size 14, which many sites don't.", "I bought these at a Nike outlet store for $30 and it was a great buy! These shoes are very comfortable and provide a lot of much needed support (I'm a round lady!). They're great for every day wear and for working out. I love that they're Nike + compatible so that I can track my workouts for myself and for my doctor.", "Came way earlier than expected.. woke up to my nnw kicks and a text telling me to go pick them up...", "Nike shoes are the only shoes I would ever be comfortable ordering online and as always they did not disappoint.", "Its just what I ordered. They were in the official Nike box and everything. They have a nice gold/yellow finish.", "Really like the quality, comfort and design of this Air Max.  In fact, I couldn't be happier with it and would recommend them to another person who was interested.", "got these for my son he must really love them the has a few different colors in this shoe style.", "I ordered for my daughter and they arrived in great condition. I gave to my daughter and she stated that they are perfect and she loves to wear them.", "Have run in this shoe before! Excellent shoe for longer runs! Fits true too size! Would but this shoe again.", "I saw these and was so excited! they came and were even more beautiful than I expected! They fit perfect, in pristine condition, and came early even. were a little spend for me but 100% worth the extra cash! Buy these if they have your size!! So worth it! all i hear when i wear them is how great they look.", "i would have given a 5 but it was too small, had to give it away.The new owner loves it though. Hope to get it right next time", "I bought this shirt as a birthday gift for my son.  He loved it and the fit was just perfect.", "I love this shoe. its a hard to find and even though the price is high it is worth the buy. I hope he can get more.", "The red sox logo is what made me purchase this product. Unfortunately, no such product exists, and they can only provide a plain red jacket. Tread with caution", "I bought these else ware for less $ but they are comfortable shoes good insole d ring lasing suede so very hard to clean but very nice pair of sneaker boots .", "I had got the product on time and figured out that it is excellent prodruct and very beatfull. i would recommend it.", "very lightperfect vision while runningI am perfectionist and this sunglasses are really good for training  . I recommend them", "These shoes are gorgeous! The colors are even prettier in person. My son has found these fit true to size as well.", "Excellent customer service.They are ready to help you at anytime. And care about your issue you have.ThanksMiles", "Bought this for my son and he loves the shoe. Kind of a retro looking shoe compared to all the shoes out there. It's held up really well (except for how dirty he gets it).", "Got this for my 16 year old son, who is a Michael Jordan fanatic. It was a gift for Christmas, and the way his face lit up when he opened this gift was absolutely priceless. They fit him great and feel very comfortable.", "bought these shoes even a one size too large a size 11, plenty of room in the toe of the shoe,but found even though I have a B width foo that they were rather tight with socks on. I guess they work well if you don't wear socks with them. I found them attractive and wear them when I don't have to do a lot of standing at work which is basically where I wear them. Because during the night shift which I work if you do a lot of standing your feet tend to swell working the graveyard shift. This was the first time I have had a problem with Nike brand shoes, have bought several in the past with no problems at all. Suggest buying these shoes only if you have a very narrow foot.", "Great wallet for my son for christmas. He loved it. It is a high quality product that will last a long time.", "Product is nice and very light weight. Good quality leather and seems to be bike to withstand years of use. The only downside to this product is that there is no slot dedicated to your license. This can get annoying as when you have a need to show your drivers license you'll have to fumble around and pick the card out of the slot. Having that in mind if that doesn't bother you ( it didn't me) this is a fantastic wallet.", "It is a very good wallet.  The pockets for the cards are very tight when inserting the credit cards and membership cards but work.  They are only big enough for one care each (two if you really try and don't really use them all the time).There isn't a middle pocket for the ID so you would have to manually remove it to show it (casino, bars, whatever) and it could be a pain.  I used the middle flap (it has a clear patch of plastic over it so you can have it in their and still show the information) into it.  It still folds good with it so keep that in mind.  The money slides into it without folding the corners but if you try to put too much in (about seven or more) bills, it wont slide anymore and they jumble up. but that doesn't matter because you are a shot caller anyways :).  The corners of the wallet are very stiff but I think that it is just because it is leather and it can be worked out, but for the first week or so, it will be stiff and stab you a bit if you aren't careful.  It folds flat with more than 10 bills in it and it only bows after about 13 with all the pockets filled with cards.", "This product is very nice quality of leather. It is perfect for the athletic man. I would recommend this product to anyone.", "Great quality wallet for the price. Just as described. Subtle nike emblem on corner of wallet. Bought it for my 16 year old son for Christmas. He loves it.", "I loved the colors.  The fact that I can wear a sneaker in crappy weather without ruining them great.  The rugged bottom and the fact that they are water proof makes them perfect for fall and early winter", "I got this pair of shoes because of the snow. I needed something that look cool and were water resistant. And they did an excellent job. Really recommend them.", "I've had Nike ACG's for over twenty years and these have been the worst! They pinch both of my little toes, and heels are rock hard rubber in colder weather.", "As always the best pair of shoes than I have used. That is my fifth purchase and I love it. Always I recommend this model of shoes and the supplier.", "Shipping sucked. Didnt get it till the very last day it was supposed to. i even tracked it and it didnt move for a day or more. real lousy. Love these kicks though. Low top Huaraches are have that free run feel. The hightop bball huaraches are on a whole different level. Extremely comfortable and ready to go. trained and worked out in them and no pain what so ever. Glad i found these shoes in my size. if it had different colors id buy more. TONS of compliments.4*s for shipping", "Authentic from merchant.  Comfortable easy to break in and looks awesome.  At first I thought they looked weird but they grew on me.  Look awesome and go with a lot.  I use my sneakers for wear, not to play ball.  These just are eye droppers in my opinion.Buy these, if you have extra cash get extras..", "this product came on time as expected. no damage to the box. My son actually pick these out and he only wore them a few times. I had no idea that nike runs a little big.. They are super noticable to put it nicely. I have nothing against the seller of this product.. i just would never by nike dunk. sorry", "My wife uses it to run. She jsut uses this jacket and one long sleeve undegament from 22 degrees to 40 degrees. She can adjust the ventialation with the zipper. She loves it. We run aproximatly 5 miles 3 times a week in NJ. The male version is ok but It seems to be a different material not as nice as the woman's", "Somewhere on Hollywood Boulevard, there's a hooker looking for the shoes of her dead pimp.  However, let me just say that if Jesus were walking the Erf today, he would not be wearing Birkenstocks.  No sir, he'd be fashioning this $3k pair of majestic slam dunk assistants.  Yes, when I wear these shoes, I find myself running faster than &#34;The Flash.&#34;  Moreover, I jump so high, I can high five The Holy Spirit.  Wearing these shoes is better than having bad sex...like an orgasm for the feet.  Look at the side profile.  Ribbed...for your pleasure.  I'm surprised the price is so remarkably low.  At only $3000, these are quite the bargain.  Shame there's only one pair left.  I can imagine myself loading a dump truck filled with them, if only to have a lifetime supply.  Can I get an AMEN?!?", "Almost instantly after putting these on I feel a sense of euphoria. These shoes feel like they where not made by an 11 year old Chinese boy for a nickel but feel like they where hand woven by the Roman God Mercury himself. I mean these shoes are expensive but well worth the price believe me. I sold my 2002 Chevy Impala for these shoes and let me just say that I didn't regret doing so one bit, I mean sure it might take me an extra hour and a half to get to work in the morning but when you're local highway hobo says &#34;you've got some nice kicks&#34; you feel like you want to run up to him and give a big smooch on the lips (and I did). I haven't eatin a full meal in the past week, either has my dog but when put these Foams on all feelings of hunger and nausea are rid from my body.All in all, I happily recommend these shoes to anyone, in a few weeks i plan on selling my spleen to a Yugoslavian merchant just so i can buy my dog a pair too, because a gift like these should be shared.", "THESE ARE FAKE SAVE YOUR MONEY THERE NOT THE RIGHT COLOR AND THESE WERE MADE IN CHINA NIKE DONT MAKE SHOES IN CHINA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "If you look at the second image, the black heel arch is completely different in size and in shape. The color, on the original sneakers, is also very vibrant and has a high gloss finish. On the consumer image, it is extremely dull and has no such definition. Buyer beware.", "I traded my anal virginity for these shoes and let me say, if I had the choice to do it over again. I would in a heart beat!Awesome shoes, awesome quality. Built for a god with a sore ass.", "At first I thought this was just an overpriced shoe. If I knew I could get respect in Brownsville for $1,500 I would have bought these a long time ago. I did have to sell my mother to raise the money but it was well worth it. I look so cool in these that all the hood rats don't even try to steal them.", "Man I worked my ass off for these shoes stole my girls money. Stole my friends money. Became a Male stripper. Stopped paying child support for this shoe. Man these some pumped up kicks. I'm scared someone will take them off my feet when sleeping on street", "I purchased these shoes for my son at Christmas, so they were a suprise gift. I was lucky getting his shoe size right because he's growing and in a different shoe size every 6 months I would recomend.", "When i got the product which was suppose to be new they had dirt stains on the outside of them and on the inside of one it look like someone with dirty socks had tryed that one on,so these are what they chose to send me so no excuses and never again.", "I used to own a pair like this before but it got tear on the head because of my dog, it was hard for me to find another pair with size 10 but this is very awesome, fit and look the same with my old one", "Most comfortable boots I had. Very worm and cool looking. Color option is good too orange is not very bright. I'm sure lime color would stand out more but I wasn't looking for it.", "The color and overall look is just what it looks like on the computer. I purchased these as a gift, and he loves them.", "These were a good find. Not too flashy but still good looking. Arrived right away and they were just what we wanted.", "the problem was the size of the shoe there are many sizes, mens, women, toddlers and big kids girls.should be a one size no matter whether for children or adults", "IT FITS VERY GOOD AND VERY COMFORTABLE FOR BOTH FEET. THIS IS WHY I LIKE ORDERING VIA AMAZON- BECAUSE YOU'LL FIND THE STYLE AND PRICE FOR YOU!", "Great basketball shoe my son said. Bought these without my son seeing them first. He loved them and wore them all season and didn't complain.", "Works great. It's been a couple months and the grips are awesome. I would recommend them to anyone else. The shoes also clear air out fast so your feet don't smell too bad.", "Bought these for my son and we are all very happy with them.  Nice quality, nice fit!  Arrived on time.", "Son unas muy buenas zapatillas y para definitamente valen lo que pague por ellas, el vendedor es muy bueno y cumplido.", "I thought for a bargain like this the sneakers would be low quality but they are very nice and have no problems. Highly recommended seller.", "I put these on and they helped me fly.I went to the moon and came back, flying.I hope to take these shoes home, back to Mars.", "They are a great fit, so he loves them.  I was a bit concerned regarding the size, but the size was a true fit.", "I bought these sneakers for my daughter for basketball and she loves them.  Very stylish, comfortable she will defiantly get her wear our of them.", "purchased for myself I have not had a chance to wear them yet but I looking forward after I but me a new jogging suit.", "I'm used to a shoe with support like my Asics cumulus, and although I know they're made more for running, I like the stability they provide. I wanted to love these shoes since I needed a cross trainer for my P90x and Turbofire,, but alas it wasn't to be a). They're too squishy on the backside. I really had to hold onto heel to get them on and b). The color is too orange. I was looking for more a pop of neon pink instead. These went back sadly.", "Love the shoes. THey are very comfortable and love the color. They also arrived very quickly and were here in time for Christmas", "ME ENCANTA ES MUY COMODO Y FLEXIBLEEL MATERIAL ES ALGO DIFERENTE SE VE MUY FEMENINOY NO PESA NADA PARECE UN GUANTE", "These are by far the most comfortable tennis shoes I have ever owned! They are so lightweight and makes it easier to workout on the elliptical cross trainer!! Wished I had known about these earlier!", "Know what I like to do?  I like to go to the NIKE official website, scan over all the shoes I'd like to purchase, then come back to Amazon and order the shoes from TheSmartBuy.  They have the shoes in my favorite size and style.  What's crazy is that Sievert's Sports, INC. (TheSmartBuy) is in the state of New York and they shipped these shoes to me USPS Priority Mail, FREE.  That's $12 postage not including handling folks from NY to TEXAS.These Nike Air Max TR 180s are hard to find anywhere.  I hope you can find a pair in your size.  So very comfortable, without socks the shoes feel almost like house slippers.  I'm wearing them now at the computer.  I may not take them outside at all.  Course, they aren't running shoes, so for all around exercising, they are superb.  Quality is #1 too.Thank you Sievert's for the coupon worth $10 off the next purchase.  Between my Amazon Prime Membership goodies and your superb service, I can't go wrong ordering sporting goods, all the way from New York.", "Better looking in person than in the picture. Very comfortable shoe. Shipped in less than a week. Very pleased with this purchase.", "foto de los zapatos que quer&iacute;amos ideal para correr ligeros c&oacute;modos y duraderos listos para ir a la carrerafrescos y livianos", "This may be the best shoe I've ever worn. Great look, fit, and comfortable. I receive numerous compliments on the shoe. Own three pairs of the 5.0's. great shoe.", "These shoes look great and feel great. They don't have that runners shoe look to them so you can wear them with dressy clothes.", "Love these shoes. Wear them all the time. Would definitely recommend because of the comfort that you get from them.", "I love these shoes, I wear them to the gym, concerts, anywhere I know I will be moving. They make great shuffle shoes because they slide great on concrete but they also have great traction on the treadmill.", "Although the shoe is attractive and extremely light. They are not comfortable! I can't run due to knee problems so I use an elliptical machine. My feet were burning ten minutes into my workout. The soles are very hard.", "They fit exactly like my husband expected them to fit and he loves them&#128516; They are very comfortable and just the right size for his foot!!", "Inner sole's of shoes are poor.  No feet support, and hurt your feet after wearing for about 4 hours.  Shoe looks great, not comfortable after a period of time.  My feet and knees hurt after wearing to work.", "Pros:I get a lot of compliments with this shoe, Its unique and functional/causal and a cute color combo (brown and orange)Cons:Flat - the soles are similar to Van's where its Flat. If you need some arch support, you'll need to put in inserts and thus order a .5 size bigger.No Ankle support. The ankle and top of the boot is very wide and offers no support. Sometimes I feel like I might roll my ankle if I'm not careful.Over all very cute shoe, I do enjoy wearing them, but I don't wear them as much as I hoped I would because of the lack of arch support and the wide ankle.", "This boot is great. It is very comfortable. It has a style of its own. It is true to size. The Kingman  Leather Boot is very stylish. This Boot provides a double dress appearance. It is not very  breathable. But, it provide support to the ankle and it is worth the purchase. I have four pair. I always receive positive comments.", "I bought these for my son to wear on campus at college.  Very warm and durable walking through all the snow.", "The Kick Shop would NOT pay returning shipping and said they would keep the SHIPPING FEES because these run SMALL.  These are made more for a boy than a man (as you can read by the reviews here).  I truly believe these are BOYS boots so if you want to get kicked around by The Kick Shop, then buy them.  But my advise is to avoid buying these boots at all costs as you will lose out and The Kick Shop will not honor their merchandise.", "If you don't have narrow feet, you might want to consider ordering a size up.  They are a bit snug.", "Shoe needed to be ordered a half a size  larger but other than that it is a real good boot", "This was a gift and my son was very pleased with the quality and fit.  He was so happy when he received these that he wore them everyday for a week.  He still wears them often.", "II PURCHASED THESE BOOTS FOR MY GRANDSON FOR CHRISTMAS - HE LOVES THEM.  THEY KEEP HIS FEET WARM AND DRY AND HE LIKES THE STYLE.", "Good fit, good construction, excellent support in a training shoe, but has no ventilation at all. It's OK for an hour or 2 in the gym, but probably not for longer wear.", "I like Nike shoes and these are great I dislike nothing about them. I workout out gym in these and run in them also they are very comfortable I recommend them to anyone who likes running shoe.", "I waited a whole year to be able to save enough to buy this shoe and I was not disappointed. The product came quickly, and it is very nice product, feels like i am walking on air. Fast shipping, would buy from this seller again.", "These shoes are really comfortble, light weight and great looking. I would have given 5 stars, but they are a litttle to narrow in the toe box.", "These shoes are crazy comfy, I am very pleased with them. They have very standard Nike fit and look good with both jeans and shorts.", "I am a librarian and am always on my feet!  These shoes are very comfortable!  These shoes arrived promptly and were just as advertised.", "I like it, they're comfortable and they don't get dirty too often. I owned them for three months now. Good purchase.", "They're a little pricey for what they are, but Nike gets away with it because you're buying a &#34;vintage&#34; design. The look and style of the shoe tastefully brings the 80's back, and the thick sole is very supportive and comfortable. Not too firm, and not too squishy; as Goldilocks would say, just right.", "my some love it its a litte small than others 9.5 sizes. but he use it is suppose to be size 10 a littke small to be that size. he really neeeds size 10 in this style", "I was sent some old, used, dirty stinky shoes when I opened up my box. Even worse it wasn't even the shoes I ordered, just some random used shoes someone's been wearing for the last decade. They stuck it in a box and sold it to me for $150. This is disgusting and  ridiculous. Please DO NOT BUY from Watch Colony. You will be unpleasantly surprised!!!", "These shoes are so nice and comfortable I absolutely love them.  I bought them as a gift for a friend and I am thinking about buying a pair for me.", "I love the way these sneakers look. I bought two pair, one for work and one for home. I have always loved the look of the Nike Cortez since I saw my gym teacher wear them back in 1978. These are my favorite sneaker!", "Throw back shoes. I love them.Thank you. Eeal throw backs, looks great and old school. my husband will love them for Christmas.", "The leather Nike Cortez shoes are ther4i most comfortable. It used to be avaiable in several colors but is now hard to find in solid black. Why?", "My boyfriend loves these sneakers.  He wears them with jeans and t-shirts or sweaters.  No matter what, they look great.  They are now his favorite sneakers.", "It is hard to believe that I would be the first to review this sneaker since it has been around for a dozen years and is the best designed and most comfortable shoe made by Nike. I am glad it is still available.", "You get what you pay for. Cheap cheap cheap made. Not real, and if they are they must make them different because these shoes are sharkeisha.", "I choose the rating of 5 stars because these Nike Cortez's is exactly what I was looking for. I wish they came in Purple with a White Nike symbol, Red and White.", "Retro look, buy a half size bigger unless you won't be able to use the strap for anything but a fashion accessory.", "I bought this for my teenaged son and he just loves them.  This pair has become his go too lucky sneakers!!!", "Love these kicks. I'm a early 90's sneakerhead and had to have these. When someone told me they found them DS (deadstock) and retail, I didn't hesitate. Great pickup. Now I need the Miami dolphins colorway", "I love these shoes and I get compliments on them everytime I wear them.  I have not seen anyone with them yet and I like that!", "Probably the coolest sneakers I have ever seen for a guy! My husband lovesthem and he can wear them for dinner in the city or just hanging out.  Want toupgrade your closet fast...get them!", "I wanted to look cute at the gym so I got these it took some getting used to but I really like them kind of tight at first but stretched slightly.  I'm not in love with them but they are nice. My one girlfriend is obsessed with them!", "I had to really do some research to find a leather shoe as they all now have that mesh stuff on the tops and sides.  They leak water and are so not cute.  Love this shoe, all leather.  Always wear &#34;Shocks&#34; and this shoe is the perfect footwear on the job.  Definitely recommend.  True to size and width.  Fits perfectly!", "This is so lovely.Very comfortable to wear.It is made of durable material, I've  used it for almost a month now with no complaint.It looks good on jeans and chinos matching variety of colors perfectly.I strongly recommend this for any one interested in a durable,comfortable and fanciful foot wear.", "Bought these as a gift for myself for becoming mayor of my gym.  Right after, everyone began purchasing the pink ones and they're super trendy!  I love these ones because they are not as &#34;loud&#34; as the pink, but still cute and bright.  As all Nike frees are, they are super comfortable and I wear them everywhere now...", "I bought these and they came from China. Very cheaply made they are not even comfy. Don't waste your money or time. I'm hoping I can return them. They are made of very hard plastic and glued together.", "These are available on zappos.com for $100 I don't know why they are priced here for almost $500! Hope no one wastes the money. BONUS they come in 4 other colors!", "These shoes are great if you have the right size! Order a size bigger and you cant go wrong, wear my for work because I am my feet all day and they are great", "I love them! They came quick. They are not the normal black free runs that everyone has, they have a bit of a cheetah print to them!", "This is my first written review ever.  I got the dark gray leopard print and I ordered 1/2 size up, as was recommended.  They fit great (I usually wear a 7.5 but ordered an 8).  I don't run, but I do walk and when I walk around the track in these, my lower legs and feet do not hurt afterward.  I put on my old new balance running shoes and walked around the track another day, just to compare, and there is no comparison because even though those are more \"padded\" in the insole, my feet hurt.  These Nikes mold to your feet and are so light, it feels like you have no shoe on.  Yet they give support.  I don't know how it works.  Other shoes just feel so heavy compared to these.As a matter of fact, I love these leopard prints so much that I'm \"saving\" them for \"casual\" wear and am ordering a solid color pair (because they're cheaper) to use as my real \"exercise\" shoes since I do not want to stink up or wear out my gray leopards.", "I was so lucky to order mine! The last pear in my size too. Winner!! They are even cuter in person. Plus they fit comfortable and light. I love em'", "You can get these at Zappos for $100. Not sure why they are so expensive on here. I wouldn't waste my money.", "Omg so cute! Really really want, 200 is a little expensive though :( hopefully they will go down a little because they are so cute!", "these shoes arent even released... these are knock offs. you are stupid if you pay this much for these, they arent even real", "These running shoes are soo cute but Really!!! Can't believe these go for so much here!! They really cost 100 dollars ..Riiiippp offs!", "These shoes are released and they're 100 dollars at Lady's Footlocker.They run half a size small and are at first a bit tight.", "My hubby ordered these for one of my Christmas presents and they got here way sooner than expected! They're comfy, lightweight, and BEAUTIFUL!", "We sent these sneakers to my son for Xmas and the picture didn't do them any justice. &#34;They are beautiful and comfortable and the leather is like butter&#34; these are my son's words. Great value as well!", "I said give me two pairs(cause) I need two pairsWe up in footlocker I'm looking like I need those", "I have worn the same size Nike Shox for over 15 years. The left shoe is a 1/2 size smaller than the stated size, and the right shoe a full size smaller.  On top of the trouble, I have to pay to return this defective item.  Think twice before ordering.", "the shoes fit well but I tried playing in them and they ended up hurting the front of my feet.", "Great looking glasses, saw them on Nike Vision website and knew I wanted them, they are super sturdy and super comfortable even for flat noses. Very snug fit on my face and everyone has told me they look great and are good for any occasion.", "I have using Nike eyeglasses for many years and I am very satisfied. The 7070 series, like other Nike frames I used to have, fit very well and are made of good quality materials.", "very nice jersey -- fits well and love the quality.cool to have as the olympics are in russia this winter.definitely recommend.", "THE SHOES GOT TO ME QUICK AND THEY WERE EXACTLY WHAT I EXPECTED THEM TO BE. I WOULD RECOMMEND SOMEONE ELSE TO GET THEM.", "I chose this rating because my grandson put them on and was soooo happy.then it happened..they were too big and we had to send them back.  I am stillwaiting for refund..there were total tears this is the shoe he had hoped for.I hope to be able to get some others similar for outdoor as his indoor soccer willbe over by the time a refund comes and another pair is purchased if they are evenavailable..But they did meet all his expectations...", "Never had a pair of Nike Air. These shoes are comfy and stylish....never thought I'd be wearing green and white shoes in my 20's lol.", "This price is more than double of what I bought them for... shame on the people who are taking customers for a ride... price gouging out of greed. The Nike stores are selling these shoes @ $39.95... They are really comfortable and lightweight. The shield protects wearers from getting wet feet while running or walking after a rainfall. Love the shoe, but would never pay this way over-priced amt.", "these shoes are light, flexible and comfortable.i wear a size 8 normally, have somewhat wide feet and it worked out perfectly!i've gotten several compliments on my shoes.however, i bought them from the nike outlet for less than $50 -- on clearance!lucky me.  get a pair, you won't regret it.", "This is my new favorite shoe at the moment. They are so comfortable.My only complaint is the Nike symbol on the shoe has rubbed off in some areas and I have no idea how.", "A good sturdy shoe, it has held up in all conditions. A little stiff to begin with, but I really like it once I have worn it for a couple of weeks.", "LOVE, LOVE, LOVE.... have gotten many compliments on the color and they are very comfortable for running. Would highly recommend.", "My daughter just love these shoes. Lightweight and comfortable. Producer gives each the right to select colors for your liking, making each copy unique shoes", "I went into my local DSW to buy the same old Keds I've been wearing for several years. I recently started going to the gym and thought I might as well look into a pair a shoes to work out in. I spotted Nike Relentless. I WILL NEVER BUY A PAIR OF SHOES THAT ARE NOT COMFORTABLE FROM THE FIRST! I put these on and bam! Instant comfort. I need cushion for the thinnest part of my body - the bottom of my feet. I feel they have plenty of cushion for my way of walking, however, I am NOT a runner so I don't know if they would be a good running shoe. I can wear them to work, and as an educational aide, I am on my feet most of the day. They are a great workout shoe as well. I'm not one to notice what people are wearing, but people at the gym and at school have commented on how nice my Nikes are. Are they comfortable? YES! I noticed that they are full price ($75) on Amazon.com, so I'm happy to say I paid $60 at DSW. I would highly recommend these shoes.", "Still using them after a years purchase and works wonder with my feet. I work on my feet alot and it helped out tremendously.", "disponivilidad del articulo muy rapida la entrega excelente zapato todo llego conforme a lo q se acordo buen vendedor excelente", "Excelente la compra llego tal cual como se esperaba muy responsable lo recomiendo para futuras compras me gusto el articulo", "Love the fit and feel, it is a  wonderful workout shoe! The shoe fits true to size and is so light you feel like you are walking on air!", "I love these shoes!  I received on time and am totally satisfied.  These are the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned!", "I bought these a while back and love them.  They are so comfortable to run in as well as do weight training in.  I just got some ASIC Noosa Tri 9 to run instead of the Nike's however, I feel the Nike's are better padded.  The quality of the shoe is great, but I've always found that Nike has really good quality tennis shoes! Plus this ones look super cute :)", "These are really nice shoes. I play tennis in mine and have noticed that they are exceptionally comfy and &#34;easy on the eye&#34;.Would Totally Recommend.", "This is the most beatiful sneaker I ever saw. very light. very comfy. not thick. perfect for Miami.Highly recommend it.", "A very good buy. This shoe is of excellent quality, very well made&#8203;&#8203;. It is just the measure of the foot, do not mind at all. I can walk and I do not mind the shoes. Very good combination of colors.", "Just what I needed in a light weight shoe for treadmill and other gym work. I've gotten many complements on classy not too loud appearance, they are fun to wear.", "is not necesary really say too much, mi wife is happy with those sport shoes, my too I like it thans.", "I love it!I use these to workout. They're cute and fit just how I expected! They have a nice arch in my foot, but not too much that it hurts.", "Thank you for the great prices! I am enjoying my jogs a lot more and many compliments. I recommend to any runners!", "They are okay. Not as good as expected. I don't wear them often but I got them for a good price.", "I am a fan of Nike shoes.  They fit me perfectly and they hold my foot firmly in place.  I have worn only Nike running shoes for 15 yrs.", "They are great. Expensive for socks, but they are really nice and seem to wash up well. I have only had them a few weeks, but happy with purchase so far.", "This is the first time I find lebron socks in stock. It is a really good item and I totally recommend it.", "The socks were great normal Nike brand but I got them a month late defeats the purpose of a gift !", "I BOUGHT THESE AS A Christmas PRESENT FOR MY GRANDSON IN THE DALLAS AREA AND HE LOVES THEM OR SO HIS MOTHER SAYS.", "although these socks are expensive, they seem to last a lot longer than regular socks.  My son loves them and wears them daily.", "These socks are very durable and meet all of my expectations.  Thank you for such good quality merchandise.  Thank you", "Rather expensive for only one pair of socks. Really they are JUST socks. But teenagers boys seem to love socks so it works, I guess.", "They weren't the right color I wanted black and red not white and red they didnt fit right they were the wrong size", "I love the colors and I really want this Lebron style elite sock, but too big. Please stock in Large 8-12", "These are fine for boys but are to large for most girls,I thought they were to expensive but I think they are close to price in most retail shops.", "Look at the socks. Look at that Sexy Over the Calf design. It is so sexy that after you wear it on even your calf have crush on it. This sexy socks definitely worth 300 dollars. Definitely.There is no way that you will get sexier socks than this. I've been saving my money for this. I even skipped 7 days for this and went to hospital, but I did not pay anything even in hospital. I escaped from the hospital. They thoughtI'm thief so I got shot in the chin, but it's okay! Because if people see my sexy socks, who gives a crap, right?", "I initially made a review with a 2 star comment...........however 15 minutes after submitting the review I received a phone call from the owner of the company and the issue I had was immediately resolved.  I'm currently updating my review and if I can remove my previous one I will do so.  I definitely would work with this company again because  of the obvious integrity they hold to make things right for their customers.", "I love the shoes. they are comfy and great for jogging.On days I am not jogging or my days off from work and school they are good to wear around the house taking care of Chores, Laundry and the sort.", "Is a very good shoes for trainning , for a workout, and for professional runners, because the show is very confortable", "I have run with Brooks running shoes for the past few years but wanted to get back to a Nike+ shoe, in order to leverage the Nike+ community.  This has turned out to be a great shoe:  lightweight but still good with stability support.", "was worth the dollars invested great products and great attention fromthe vendor recommended 100%was worth the dollars invested great products and great attention from the vendor recommended 100%", "The shoe sizing in europe is different then in the united states, So my shoes didn't fit. very dissapointed about it", "I've owned 5 Nike Free running shoes since the introduction of the Nike free version 1.0...These particular pair are awesome! Not sure what about all the negative comments but I love these shoes.  I especially love the H20 repel coating on it, it rains a lot in the mountains on Oahu, and these do the job.  I have also used these for hiking, and the mud doesn't seem to want to stay on! Great running shoes, great for just about anything.  Don't get me wrong, you can't submerge your foot into a puddle and expect it to not get wet, but the repel does it's job.  I also am a very huge fan of the soles being green and not white, white tends to get dirty fast and make your shoe look dirty.Would definitely recommend this shoe to anyone that enjoys the minimal running shoe feel.", "Local stores do not carry this style anymore, I wanted this style as I have owned other pairs and they are so comfortable to work out in.", "Not the size we expected? They do not fit? They are supposed to be size 9, my son wears an8 and I always order 1 size larger, but these shoes are much smaller than a 9?", "shoes fit nicely, are as nice looking as picture.  Receiver was very pleased with they way they fit and looked", "Not worth the moneyStarting falling apart the first day woren, Nike logo peeling off, threads coming apart , very disappointed .", "I have run a few thousand miles in the last three years and went through many types of shoes. I started with the traditional running shoes, like Brooks, and while they looked nice, I learned that I didn't like the tall heels. I have three pair of Free with the lowest drop and am fine with the really low heal. I have a Brooks Ghost with Gore-Tex that I use when it is raining, but they are heavy and also have too tall a heel and the laces come undone.This Free Run+ 3 Shield is the single best pair I have ever had. They are light. The laces never come undone. They look good with street clothes. They have lasted a long time (didn't fall apart for me, even though they did for someone else (I am only 145 lbs)). The heel is taller than the Free with the lowest-drop, but feels just right. The &#34;Shield&#34; was not too hot even in warmer weather, but it is *not* waterproof like Gore-Tex. If you step in a puddle, you will get wet. That all being said, and knowing that limitation, they are *still* the single best pair of shoes  that I have had because they are so good in so many ways.Buy 1/2 size larger than you normally use. Maybe even 1 full size larger if your normal shoes are snug. I always was an 8.5 in other brands - maybe a 9. In these I am a 9.5.", "I have a condition known as Haglund's deformity (also called \"Bauer bump\").  It's a growth that irritates the bursa on your heel that protects the Achilles tendon.  I look for shoes with very soft counter and *no* heel cup.  These fit the bill.  I bought three pair.", "My husband loved these shoes. He said it was just what he needed to take his training to another level.", "I have been wearing the shoes now for a few months. I do a lot of walking in my job and these shoes have performed beyond expectation!", "Great comfort. Love the color and design. Price? Well, they are Nike after all. Have another, in a different color scheme, already on the way.", "Last week I bought this pair of shoe size 9.5 M and I ended up receiving them size 8 M. How can I contact you to return the shoes and get the correct ones. Please contact me at gianfranco_cc1993@hotmail.com or give me a way to contact you. Thanks for your time.", "Not a true size 11 they were tight. I have 50 pair of size 11D.I know what I wear", "AWESOME SHOESI cant begin to say how awesome these shoes are, comfort wise. I got the orange ones because I though hey why not have some flashy shoes right? I just personally didn't like the color of the shoes. If you like the color then its its a 5/5.", "Excellent runners, highly recommended quality light weight shoe. I usually wear Asics Kayano but will not look back after purchasing these.", "I love this shoe. Been getting them ever since the first version came out. Not worth the wait though. About a month shipping? Rather pay more at Nike outlet .", "Great feeling fit.  Super lightweight.  I the shoe size was consistent with my normal shoe size. Very happy with these shoes!", "Fantastic running shoes hands down. I didn't think I'd be wearing these everyday on the way to work too. I sometimes forget that I'm wearing them by lunch.", "These are by far the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. They are very light and flexible with more than enough ventilation.", "tremendo zapatos para caminar correr......excelente para todo asi  es teremnedo zapatos comprenlo es bueno lo quiero mucho ok asi es", "Wow what a running shoe. Feet aren't sore at all. Can run for a very long time without my feet aching", "very comfortable and breathable, but I should have ordered a full size larger..other than that I have had many compliments!", "My 15 yo loves these sneakers - good support for running and even great looking.  This is his second pair.", "He told me they fit perfectly and are great for the athletic activities he enjoys.  I'd recommend them if you're looking for a good athletic shoe.", "Excellent pair of shoes, very stable, and keep your feet cool and fresh all the time. I definitely recommend them for jogging and trainning.", "same like the one i bought the team red /pure pltinum/ total o. 10 and i like the color  and it is very  light", "High quality, high bounce.  No complaints.  SEAHAWK COLORS TOO.  GO HAWKS.  Definitely worth the price for this shoe, very happy.", "I ordered this 2012 Nike for Trinidad Carnival, this is the perfect match for my costune. The quality of Nike speaks for itself, The fit was perfect as I own several other pairs of the 2012 Air Max.", "What a shame. These have been my go-to shoe for ages. I'm a 200lb runner who does 8km runs 3-4 times per week. These have been the best shoes for my somewhat achy knees. In fact, with these, I know no ache through the Summer.Unfortunately, these fit too small.Vendor was awesome. Took them right back, and reimbursed me.", "I have about 6 pairs of these they are great but not for cold weather also I seem to wear them out rather quickly but they are very nice and I keep buying them.", "Out of the box this shoe is magic. Light, flexible, and a sole with sufficient support. The only problem I'm having is I keep pulling a tendon in my calf when I'm running, but that's a reflection of my running style.", "great colors...nice style, super light.  not super comfortable but i do like them.  i bought them for work events as they are our school colors and they look great.  Go Bulls!!", "This was supposed to be an Xmas gift.  I ordered a size 11 and received a size 13 :(.  Had to go out and get something else last minute... I hope I get a full refund", "I really liked these shoes. I used them to go running and exercise a lot in them at the gym. Nice comfort.", "Muy buen zapato c&oacute;modo y excelente calidad . . . . . . . . . . . . .", "My son loves these shoes, he said they're very comfortable. I bought them to wear with his school uniform so he gets a lot of wear out of them.  He wears a size 13, plays sports and complains about sore feet quite often, that's why I try to purchased them.", "i love it shoes are really comfortable i can not found these shoes in venezuela definitely are better than my dual fusion", "These shoes are pretty comfortable and seem like a good deal.  Been wearing them for awhile now and they still feel new.  I think I will see if I can buy another pair...", "Bought these for my son.  He was very pleased and said the shoes were great.  Comfortable and a good price.", "Very Good shoes. Si deseas un zapato c&oacute;modo para la actividad deportiva esta es uno de ellos, c&oacute;modo suave y de buen soporte.", "Like cotton arround my feets. I am thinking to get same but other colour.  Ideal for diary use. I think some breathable cover for moisture would be a good idea.", "Very good quality, very comfortable and fulfill my expectation from a running shoes. will recommend them to any kind of professional  and basic runner", "These fit rather strange out of the box, like they are just a little off center and make for a sore heel. I also bought a pair of  NIKE DOWNSHIFTER 5 RUNNING SHOES, I recommend the Downshifters over these, they fit much better and are very comfortable***** UPDATE 3/5/2014****After purchasing different insoles, these shoes are more comfortable. I wear them for my everyday / walking around shoe. I do not use them for running.", "I think this shoes will become more comfortable over time but they are not there yet. These are definitely more of just a gym shoe, not meant for running..", "This my second pair of Pegasus,  I wore the first pair much too long, I am so glad to finally have the second pair, after an injury I had stopped running and began walking on the treadmill, only with this shoe I began to run again and it feels great, nicely cushioned and good looking too!!", "They fit perfect. just what i expected to be. I'm a nike lover and they still making quality products. recommended", "I would reccomend this shoe to anyone who is after a great running shoe, my feet don't get sore as they have in previous shoes", "very good condition and arrived very quickly perfect taste are comfortable I liked the colors is to me and to use on Christmas Eve December 24", "He seem's to like them very much.The problem he had, was that, they're glued, not stiched.He wears them to casule event's.", "I have this in all 3 colors, wear it everyday to the gym. Keeps sweat away from face and fits comfortably.", "good quality hat.  does well to absorb sweat as well durung intense workouts.  fits very well...snug....mesh material much better than the dri fit.", "Great shoe. Very comfortable, support in all the right places. Can't say enough how great the color is...definitely an eye catcher if not easily visible for night running. Definitely recommend the Lunarglide+ 4, especially in electric green.", "These are great shoes. True to size, color is correct. Great service. Arrived on time. Nothing negative about this product.", "got these for my son for Christmas and he loves them.  He still thinks they are the$125 Nikes from the sport store.", "I bought these shoes for my son for Christmas. He wears a sz 4.  I ordered a sz 4 and they were too small.  Apparently, they run small, but that is not listed anywhere, so I consider it to be false advertising.  The shoes are not true to size. Now I have to pay return shipping.  I think the seller should offer free return shipping if they do not fit, especially when the sizes run small. I ordered them a week in advance.  They arrived after Christmas.  I ended up spending money and getting nothing out of it.  Not even a Christmas gift before Christmas.", "The shoes are for my son. He really likes them and he likes how light weight they are. The only caution is they have a very high arch.", "I am happy with this shoe and the price.  My little boy is really tall for his age and outgrows his shoes in just a few months so I don't want to spend any more than this on a shoe for him.  I like Nike for his foot shape and ordered a size larger than his last one.  It fits great and I will order another pair soon I am sure.  ;-)", "Great shoes, great price.  Good for everyday wear or for those cross country runs.  Really comfortable and provides great support.", "first time ordering shoes online- shoe box was just bagged-so was banged up a bit butthey arrived quickly- well made and true to size", "These shoes were for a five year old who was extremely excited about the gift. He wanted some basketball shoes and these fit wonderfully!", "The Nike Air Max shoes fit perfectly and I am delighted to have found a pair to replaced the pair I had that is getting worn.", "I'm satisfied. The product was fully my expectations. Size, color, style. They were as the description. I'm happy with this product", "Hi, I need a 4.5 size of this soccer shoes do you have??? I got size 2.5 and their are perfect my child loved them now his brother also wants them!!!", "AwesomeThey fit so well and they are so nice my son loved them so much. Go mercurial cleats Wahoo", "Lighter than picture but just as adorable. I absolutely love them and they are comfortable. Throw on and go type sneakers.", "She loves the bright colors and says they are very comfortable. Seem to be true to size. She hasn't worn them in a game yet but she has had several pairs of Nike, I anticipate they will perform just fine.", "I received these quickly. They have held up great with a kid who wears them everyday. Plus during basketball games. We have had these for about three months now and I highly recommend.", "CONSIDERING THE GIRL'S BB SHOES WHERE SO MUCH MORE EXPENSIVE, I JUST SUBTRACTED 2 SIZES FROM WHAT SHE IS NOW IN WOMEN'S AND THAT WAS HER SIZE IN THESE SHOES. THEY LOOK GREAT ON HER! AND SHE LOVES THEM.", "Bought for my 3 year old basketball loving grandson, hasn't taken them off except to sleep. He likes everything Nike and DUNKS  great in them..", "Just what I had anticipated. Very comfortable, light weight and stylish. Adds just enough warmth and is a quiick dry.", "My 12 yr old son picked these out for this year's basketball season. They were brighter in person then they looked on my computer screen. This was not a bad thing according to him. They are a matte blue and not shiny. They lasted for the season. He didn't not have problems sliding on the court as he has from other basketball shoes in the past.  I did notice that they are not as slender in appearance as most of the other boys. They seemed too look wider like a skate shoe does. Not a bad thing either just wanted to make note of it. I don't know if they did anything to improve his game but they were a good shoe and I would recommend them if you like the looks.", "I love my new shoes, they are so comfortable and I would recommend these to anyone looking for shoes that are in style and comfortable!!", "my girlfriend loves it..she it is the most comfortable pair of shoes she has to get her thru the rest of her pregnancy..", "La terminacion es excelente !Se nota la calidad en el producto y en la terminacion del calzado en general.", "My son likes them and they are durable. Unlike his tennis shoes after 4 months these are not falling apart yet.", "My daughter seems to like them and they look very high quality. They also do what they are supposed to do and keep her feet dry and warm. Nice product.", "I choose tenis rate becaouse it wAs exactly wat i looking for. And arrived ataque the day of they tell me. Nice product", "My daughter uses them for soccer & field lacrosse and is very happy with them, they are light and comfortable", "I love these socks! Found them by accident when I was stuck on travel having to buy running shoes and socks because my plantar fasciitis problem recurred. All I could find in black crew style were boy's socks. (I wear a woman's 8, which is a boy's 6, shoe.) These socks fit tight which is fine by me. Once I get them on, my feet feel so good. If I've been wearing hard-soled or non-supportive shoes, I pay the price with pain the next day. So sometimes I just wear a fresh pair of these socks to bed with Topricin rubbed in beforehand. Voila! No morning foot pain.", "these are holding up really well after two months of high activity in a 12 yo.  no frays or holes yet (and with him that is a miracle).", "I wasnt sure about these socks.  my son put them in his wishlist.  they actually are great socks, nice and thick and fit really well.  I have been looking for more just like them, but in white.  always out of my son's size... will keep on it.", "Good socks at a fair price. Fast service. These socks feel good on your feet, give support stay up in any shoe and they last.", "These socks are just OK, run a little small.  I wear them with boots and my feet do not stay dry.  they are better than plain cotton socks but I would not cal them moisture wicking.", "As a female Firefighter it is often hard to find good black uniform socks that fit.  I have found a winner in these socks.  They keep my feet comfortable, they stay up in my fire boots. I spend a lot of time on my feet, taking shoes & boots on & off and Im very happy with these socks. The socks hold up and I get 1 to 1/2 year of use out of each pair.", "great product and received very quickly. No need for extra postage since it arrived so quickly. My son loves them", "I bought these for my son for Christmas and he loves them.  He wears a youth size 6 and they fit perfectly.", "My son is extremely tough on all his clothes.  These socks are well made and can handle the rough and tumble life of a 10 year old boy.  They fit perfectly and most importantly to him, they stay in place and don't sag down to his ankles.", "These are good socks, nice length and they worked great for my son's basketball uniform!  I have never bought socks online before, I was pleased!!!", "My 8th grade son wears a size 7 shoe so based on the reviews, I thought these would be the right size but they are really, really snug. Probably too small but he doesn't really care. He'll deal with it as long as it's Nike. Next time however, I will buy the next size up. Which might be very soon as these may just end up going directly to the littler family guys.", "These run very small and fit low on the leg...just above the ankle. Now very attractive and my grandson wasn't very happy with the fit or the look.", "Purchased these for my son who wears a size 16 shoe. The fit is great and they wash up great.", "Great product .Just didn't fit our sports nut .Ordered different size that worked out a lot better. Great for all sports.", "They are thick and stay up. Like most black socks they let off a little blackish die the first time you wear them, if it matters to you then turn them inside out and wash once before wearing.", "Awesome.  Just another sneaker to my collection I am a sneaker head who needs to have all unique shoes and kicks to be on top", "Tennis shoes should look cool, and yet allow for the perfect grip on the court. this shoe was too tight on the side toes. I was not a happy camper.", "our family own 3 pairs of this shoe. Recommend for comfort and stability. This is my daughters 3rd pair of LunarGlides.", "Just as described and pictured , has 3 different compartments , one witha zipper. It's waterproof and fits nicely , you probably wouldn't even notice your wearing it sometimes .", "Great bag and very sturdy. Ideal for tossing a few things in, to take to the gym or short trips to the beach, etc. Includes a zipper pocket on the outside and 2 inner pockets - one that is vented at the bottom to let air flow through. And straps that are pretty heavy duty to snug the top closed.", "Arrived as planned, quality is great. Perfect fits everything needed to play soccer. Glad I purchased it, will buy again!", "These are great shoes that were very popular almost a decade ago. It's nice to see them still available, however, they seem to run a bit larger than they used to.", "Cool.corresponded to this product if specified and is satisfied with what has been received. in the future I will continue buying these items.", "Ok very  good.corresponded to this product if specified and is satisfied with what has been received. in the future I will continue buying these items.", "I got these shoes from a local store at around the same price. I will be ordering another pair because I am picky when it comes to shoes. I paid more than the current price for my size (77.99). I feel that they run true to size and are so comfortable. They are very light shoes which is great, but have a lot of stability when running. I prefer to run cross country rather than on the road and these work great. As far as the term breathe I cannot agree more. I wore these on a cold day and wow they really do breathe a lot. When I run in them they keep my feet nice and cool, and it really is the first pair that i noticed how much they breathe.All in all great shoes and so far they seem durable. I would recommend these shoes, and I will probably grab another pair probably from Amazon this time before they do not have anymore.", "Thank you very much hooded sweater is excellent my son was fascinated. with this purchaseI'm very comfortable good for this purchase and I congratulate", "great shoe... it's very strong, stylish and perfect fit. it's also easy to clean and the price is rite. could not have gotten it better", "Great quality at a great price, product exactly as described!! My son says this is his new favorite sweatshirt!!  Would buy again.", "Love these shoes i run and do a lot of cross training in them an they have kept me comfortable the whole tim..", "I love this shoes, I've been using them for jogging about 3 days per week, and the feel like gloves in my feet, no feet pain after every sesion, can I ask anything else?... also I' ve received a lot of compliments!... the only weak point would be the price, I would love if they were a little bit cheaper...but anyway I think that i will buy another pair soon, maybe another color...", "Great Wallet for the sports minded guy!My golfing hubby loves this wallet.  I bought one for him at a department store and he liked it!  Then, the new puppy chewed it up.  So, I suggested that I go and purchase a new expensive wallet with soft leather for him.  Noooooo.  He wanted me to find the exact Nike wallet.  So, I went back and alas- sold out.  I forgot about it until I observed him using the same chewed up wallet a week later-Ugh.  Hopped on Amazon and there it was!  Woo hoo!  I never saw the guy so happy to get a present.  What was it about the wallet I wondered?  Well, he doesn't worry about it if it gets wet, it is well organized and nice looking.  It is very reasonably priced and well made from my point of view- not puppy proof- but neither is my dining room table......", "I bought this wallet for my brother for a birthday gift. I was very pleased with it, especially because it came in a collectors tin. I had to mail it to him and it survived....twice. It arrived in wonderful condition. The cost, availablity, and promptness of delivery.", "Bought this to replace the exact one my son has but this is not the same quality .  It says it is leather but really does not feel like it. Would not recommend. Returned.", "I've always found Nike to be a great shoe for running. The fit for me is perfect. This model, the &#34;Lunar Glide&#34; is much more suited for me over the &#34;Free Run&#34; model. There's more cushion in the heel area and I like that the Lunar Glide sole does trap rocks inbetween grooves of the sole like the Free Run. Conceptually, the free run was nice idea but I think fails over all compared to the Lunar Glide.", "I bought these socks for my 13 year old boy, size 11 shoe.  The socks are too small, however they seem too be well made, so I will give them to my 12 yr old grand daughter.", "Son loves them.  Comfortable.  Wash well and hold up for a long time.  He's rough on socks.  Sometimes he takes his shoes off and runs around with no shoes on, yet they hold together well.  His last pair lasted a year before needing replacing.", "It is funny how something simple like resupplying black crew sox can be dynamic.  Nike, and others like Nautica, change-up their style, some for better and others for worse.  These are comfortable and soft, but they really do not look very durable, more light-weight which is a positive for warmer weather.", "They last forever, don't show dirt (obviously) and pull away sweat during workouts. My 9 year old son loves them too.", "Excellent quality and confort. Fits good. Its soft great purchase. I recommend it. The package its ok and safe for", "These nike pair of socks are my favorite socks to ware. They are very comfortable and fit nice and snug!", "They are just a couple of sox. Dont't get fooled with the wicking performance, they are just regular sox. ..", "My sons loves these, he wears them while out on the baseball fields, where the red dirt gets on them but they are washable where you can't see the dirt, unlike white one's.", "Run very small. Not happy any all with this purchase. I have since purchased the under armour socks and am happier.", "these socks appear to be good quality. they were ordered for a xmas gift for my son. i wont know how they fit until he wears them.", "Socks are way thinner than most older Nike socks I had purchased.  Would not purchase these socks again.  Not worth the money.", "Hello,Got these to replace my old few pairs that I wore all the way through (same ones) in the last year or so.These socks last a while.Thicker then usual ones, but not too thick.I have these and the same with longer top for winter.Very comfortable.Quite durable, but will ware through if you walk barefoot on pavement etc.I use them as my office socks.My feet are drier then any other sock I've tried yet.Cheers.", "I purchased these as a Christmas present for my son - because he asked specifically for Nike ankle socks.But, I have to say they are ridiculously expensive for a set of 6 socks.  Are these socks better, more durable, more attractive, or other sock related criteria than any other socks that I could buy from Wal-Mart for half the price - NO...  Other than the Nike swoosh...they are just socks!If this wasn't purchased as a present - I'd pass just because of the price.", "These quarter socks were right on: they fit well, looked good, and they came in the size advertised on their packaging. Comfortable all day, I have no complaints at all with the quality and construction, they are what I have come to expect from Nike.", "My Son absolutely loved these shoes, they had great style and comfort.  Good job Nike, we are loyal customers to you.", "I bought these shoes for my husband and I have had 3 pair myself so I can attest to their comfort and durability.  I stopped running a few years ago because of concern with aging joints.  I love these shoes.  They are comfortable and provide great support.  After reading about the benefits of barefoot running, it made sense to me that the barefoot running shoe would be equally good for walking.  I walk approximately 15 miles a week and have found that I have no issues whatsoever.  I had bought the walking shoes from Nike for my husband and he did not like them as well as these running shoes.  I will not own another shoe.", "I'm disappointed in these shoes. They are hard and feel like I'm walking in the box they came in. I wouldn't recommend.", "I have several Robert Graham sport shirts that will work great with these shoes and some jeans.  I just wish they had purple shoes strings to give them that \"muted\" look.\"Muted\"-like black rims on a black car!", "I love these shoes more then M J shoes comfortable  fits perfect cost not to bad and the color is nice buy this shoe!", "Hands down the most comfortable shoe out there! Fits just like a glove. You don't have to order a size bigger. I didn't... I love this shoe!", "a hot girl told me she liked my shoes need I say more. they fit well and I like them. I use them for volleyball and baseketball. good grip on the court a little stiff.", "Shoes are smaller that what the size says and very narrow. They  say they are 8.5 but fit like a 7.", "Nike is and awesome brand the cleats are as fine as i expected awesome materials and the best looking cleats on field", "My son wanted HyperDunk shoes like the pros wear, but his feet are only size 5.5. There is very little choice in styles for this size. This is the best available. Fit is true to size.", "I got these shoes but were hard to find. They were on sale for 85 dollars. They are extremely comfortable and very stylish. However, these shoes are always cold and get dirty easily. Overall these shoes are amazing and the best pair I have ever owned. I suggest highly suggest these shoes.P.S. I would suggest that you do not tie the shoes for styling purposes. Also, try to get orange laces, they go well with the shoes. Here is a link to some good ones: http://www.amazon.com/Sof-Sole-Athletic-Orange-45-Inch/dp/B003IJ7RRE/ref=sr_1_1?s=shoes&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1359337212&sr;=1-1&keywords;=orange+laceshttp://www.amazon.com/FeetPeople-Quality-Round-Laces-Orange/dp/B00A56V94K/ref=sr_1_7?s=shoes&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1359337255&sr;=1-7&keywords;=orange+laces", "I wear these for rugby, they are tight but it's almost better for traction. For soccer, I might go a half size up... they aren't the best to run in.", "This bag really isn't for say anyone over the age of 7.  I was disappointed because I purchased it for my 15 year son who plays alot of basketball.  He knows his \"gear\" and this wouldn't have impressed him.  I didn't even show it to him; just returned it to Amazon.  I expected better quality from the \"Jordan\" brand.  At $33, it was an outrageous purchase.  Look for a different bag, Amazon offers several.", "Socks are Socks - What do you say...  Nice pair but... Socks are Socks.  Good overall construction  for the socks", "Pros:-lightweight and breathable, but good quality-they will go a few inches past your knees (if that's what you are looking for)-fast shipping-fits well (make sure you check out the size chart)Cons:-may be a little pricy compared to other sites-not for people looking for warm socks (see above:lightweight and breathable)overall: I would order these again and from this seller again", "The colors are just as bright as pictured. Extremely comfortable & true to size. My granddaughter was simply thrilled with them.", "Great adorable comfortable true to size and wonderful.  This is a great outfit!  So happy we found our nike gear", "Exactly what I ordered!  My son couldnt be happier with his new wallet!  I bought it for Christmas and he loves it.", "The product I ordered was brown and I received a black wallet. I was very disappointed even though they provided quick delievery it was of the wrong item.", "I ordered this wallet online as a Christmas gift for my son who is 51 years old. He is a golfer and that's what caught my attention. I am in NC and he lives in FL, but he has indicated to me that he is pleased with this wallet.", "Nice looking wallet.  It s very slim and not bulky. Has a great look and my don was very happy with the purchase.", "I found the fit of this shirt to be acceptable. However, the quality is not what I am used to from Nike products which I purchased in the US.", "Loved the cushioning under the ball of foot and heel --- great for jumping without impact to ankle knee hip -- only down side as that pink  rubber peels off the sole early on, and the bottom even came unglued recently!  Usually I discard the shoe before they wear out because of loss of cushion.  Unfortunately not the case here, but I would still buy again.", "The colors are very attractive, fits well, very supportive and reasonably priced. These shoes have excellent comfort! I look forward to seeing a new version of Nike Shox TLX. Thanks!", "We could not find these in any of the local stores or online for that matter.  Thank God they were available here or I would have had a very upset 5yr old to answer to.", "It fit too low in the back and didn't give me the support I needed. Very good cushioning. Great color! Good grip on the sole.", "Fit as expected. it was a good choice i am happy with that. Kobe 4ever :P :) like it !!!", "These where a Valentine's Present my girlfriend got me. So the first time I got them, they where bright to me. But I wanted to see how they would fit on me, so I put my foot in and they were perfect. Not to wide and not too big. So now I got used to how bright they were, they are way nice and bright you certainly stand out in public, because I always get compliments from people and friends. Or I get haters that give me a wtf look, but that's okay. I love them, and thank my girl for getting them for me.", "I love my new pair of Jordans!  This is a unique but simple style style of Jordans.  Nice clean shoe that goes good with jeans or shorts.  The reason why im giving it only 4 stars is because there was a minor defect upon inspection of the shoe. I noticed a sharp wrinkle in the side of the shoe on the mesh area near the jumpman logo. Not too happy about it, and im not willing to send it back. But overall im satisfied with shoes and the fast delivery.", "I bought this for my son for Christmas he's 13 and that was at the top of his list...and when he opened it up Christmas morning he loved them!!!!So Happy I got him those and at such a low price too....happy customer :)", "The Shoe fits like a glove! It's very light weight and comfortable. Kobe shoe is by far the best shoe I have ever worn...", "Brought back memories when I was playing college basketball. They are a great fit and excellent for indoor basketball. I am a guard and have flat feet. These are good shoes for fast guards.", "Got these for my hubby for Christmas and he loved them! He wears them almost every day. He loved them so much, he ordered a second pair in a different color.", "These shoes were a gift for Christmas and were too small, although the correct (size 9) was ordered.  The box said 8 1/2 on the outside.  Had to got through the hassel of returning and reordering!  Cannot recommend the provider.  Don't know about the product itself.", "The item was received in a timely fashion, however the box was ripped in multiple places. I can't understand why a supplier would send something in a box that looks as if it lost the fight. I am COMPLETELY unhappy as this is a Christmas present. How do you wrap a gift in a box that appears to have been from years past. Amazon only offered to give me a 10% refund. Unacceptable!!! Problem is the supplier was the only one who had this particular shoe. If i had the time to look around, I would send them back. But my fiance really wants these shoes and I will be leaving in a few days and will not be able to await a new shipment.", "Light, fits perfectly, and delivered in an excellent time frame. I recommend this glasses to any one with a bit wider face however, it fits in all faces. certainly a great deal!", "These were on a family members gift wish list.  Great Product as always!Recipient was very pleased and will remain loyal to Nike.", "excellent product, very good quality and resistance, is also very comfortable and lightweight, great for any occasion, thanks is wonderfull", "Look pretty awesome but are fairly tight. Took me a few days to break them in so they fit nice.", "These sneakers look great and feel great while walking.  The all-around air-max unit adds to the already cushioned inside.  The sneakers aren't great for playing basketball in however.  They cause your feet to hurt after playing for a certain amount of time.  I wouldn't recommend these shoes for basketball, but they are great for casual purposes.", "The shoes fit but came with lots of &#34;cleaning needs&#34;. I had to wipe down the shoes bc they were dirty and some caked-on dirt streaks. They were definitely sitting in a warehouse waiting for someone to purchase them. Box was also beat-up pretty good.", "Because the Nike lebron James Miami heat lows happen to run large. Sobi recommend buying a size smaller in these shoes", "I have ordered shoes before on amazon and I've never had this experience before,the company actually sent me two different sized shoes.One shoe was size 9 and the other one was size 10.5.This is the last time I order anything from KING USA RUNNERS.", "I normally wear a size 11.5 - 12 in all my shoes.  This style did not have size 12 available, so I chose the 11.5.  I also had the fear of the shoe potentially being too big.  I wore the shoes playing basketball once and severely bruised both my big toes, in which they are black and blue.", "I gt these because back in the day, I always thought that they were tight. Plus, you cannot find them in stores anywhere. Very Cool!", "my husband ordered this and he loves it everyone asks him about it we love the color it is  comfortable", "Thanks I love the shoes they were perfect for my lil man I look to doing business with you in the future", "not happen at all u all should make sure the order is right i am senting them back today thanks for nothing", "These sneakers are way too narrow for a toddler's foot, and they looked dusty. Plus the rubber on the toe of one shoe is different from the other. Not pleased, but they'll do for now", "I finally found the sneakers my son had wanted for a long time! It was a wonderful surprise on Christmas morning! I had the hardest time finding a size 13E. They look great, a lot better in person then the photo. Fits like a glove, looks very nice with jeans. And very comfortable! Thank you Amazon!", "bought these at a local sporting goods store ( for $20 bucks cheaper i might add )thought they might be good for spinning and overall inside shoes for the gym.unfortunately the sole design does not make for comfortable \"out of the saddle\" bike work outs and there is no cushion in the heels so even on the treadmill my knees were talking to me all the next day.they are very well ventilated and that's about the only plus i can see.", "I bought these for my son that likes to wear shorts all the time winter and summer !  They have a nice weight to them and they are long enough to somewhat keep him warm during the cold weather, I have washed them several times now and they stand washings very well.", "Holds his laptop.Multiple comparments to hold all of his smaller items.Easily converts to pack he can caryy with shoulder straps.", "Great fit and cost for my growing teen. He loves them which was requirement. Great Christmas present. He wears them everyday!", "These shoes are comfortable. I was really surprised to get them online after every store in the city was sold out of this shoe. I hope to find more Jordan Retros online. It is easier to shop for these shoes and I really like Jordan Retro shoes. Believe me these shoes are not fake. They are the real deal.", "Im a bonafide sneakerhead.  When I saw these, I had to have them.  I wanted teh TLX in all red, but it appears it was strictly a European release.Anyhow the blue are fantastic as well as the silver and black accents.  Mostly looking forward to wearing them in summer with khaki shorts as I dont like blue shoes with blue jeans.", "These running shoes are great! Very supportive and stylish...running in them is even better. I look forward to a similar model coming out soon!", "I like these a lot.  They are super comfortable and are nice and easy to clean with a damp cloth....:)", "The second pair I ordered, after I returned the first pair for not fitting like my other free run's, I thought about returning them but I didn't want to pay for the return shipping. At this point I want to keep them, but that hesitation of not really wanting to keep something but being more afraid of the return process makes it impossible for me to recommend this store. Ultimately having to pay $15 dollars to exchange a pair that doesn't fit properly takes the safety out of online shopping. Amazon is great because you buy something and if it doesn't work out, you can return it... for free, Sneakers4U could not accommodate an exchange. Furthermore, even though my return was delivered to their warehouse on the 2nd of the month, my refund wasn't processed for over 2 weeks.Great shoes, just find a different store.", "A great running shoe. I love the design and colors, the specks on the blue park make this shoe unique, and the gray hides any dirt. I use these for treadmill running and outdoor and they have held up really well.They are really light, and don't give me arch problems. I'll be looking for another pair of Nike Free's for my next running shoe when the time comes.", "Best shoes on the planet.  Like the color; they go with a lot of other colors.  Comfortable and worth the $", "Excelente producto, de muy buena calidad..!! Buen precio y ning&uacute;n inconveniente a la hora de recibir el producto, entrega en tiempo y forma. Recomendable..!!", "these sneakers r so hot i luv me some kd so much that i ordered nikeid kd glow n the dark sneakers i can't wait to lay my eyes on them.", "look in the description. it says shoe not shoes only one shoe dont buy unless you only want one shoe", "I am always looking for Jordan shoes as my team mates do! Tha Jordan 2012 is one of the most wanted, items, so I was looking for the complete staff, with the complete ankle support kit,with 3 or for color options.", "NOT THE STIFF SPIKE FEEL BUT LATERAL STABILITY AND FLEXIBILITY. EASILY CLEANED AND MAINTAINED. BOUGHT THE BLACK ONES AS WELL...GREAT PRODUCT.", "I love these boots! This article was sent from the UK to the United States and from U.S. to Venezuela...", "This has been my favorite Nike shoe.  When I couldn't find it again locally, I decided to buy it on-line.  I paid more, but it was worth it.  My feet are a bit wide, and I found these have a little more width than most athletic shoes.  They are light and comfortable no matter what I'm doing.  They also breath well.  Initially, I bought my first pair because of the styling - distinctive, but not over the top.  They also match with just about everything.  I still can't get over the fact that I prefer to run in these versus more expensive shoes touted especially for that purpose.", "These Nike pants have the stitching (NIKE) in light blue thread and it is usually in black or white thread. I tried to return them and Amazon sent them back and said they cannot be returned through them although they were bought through  Amazon.", "Bought for my son, he had 2 wishes ...&#34;Must be red and must be Nike&#34;  and these fulfilled all his wishes.Who said parents don't listen to their kids!", "Nice Grip ballin with them. Bought em for less than i expected. They are really good anc the color is nice.", "this shoe made my shoe game even better aqnd made many peole jealous love it so much for a great price", "Indeed I will recommend the product to my peers.  The fit is really cool.  I like everything about it.  I chose the rating because I absolutely love my shoe.", "they are really cool Awesome shoes, I get compliments all the time. The were mailed quickly, I would totally recommend", "I love these shoes. Very well made, no concerns with them coming apart. Made leather tops and solid rubber bottom. Bottoms are flat with little tread, but the shoes aren't slick. They are pretty comfortable. I would definitely buy these again, as I have also bought them in white. Which are even better in my opinion. But overall all its a great shoe at a good price.", "I bought these for my son not really knowing what to expect.  He Loves these shoes. They're extremely comfortable for him,  easy to maintain, and looks very nice on him. They shipped when the company said, no problems.", "these shoeS totes rock my socks off man. i be lookin fly as a mF.justin beiber be jealous as hell.", "These shoes fit great, have fantastic soles and are marvelous to walk in. I really enjoy wearing them and HIGHLY recommend them.", "Are you selling a house and using the sneakers as a rep? If yes, then count on me as a buyer.", "I love this shoes, wooow =)They look very special and I m sure that my boyfriend look stylisch with them", "The shoe fit very will it also has a well made fill to it. The styling of the shoe makes it great for any activity.", "The shoe fit very will it also has a well made fill to it. The styling of the shoe makes it great for any activity.", "Nikes stretch out, so not worried about the size. I ordered a 10.5 and it's just a little too tight. Great color. Gets lots of looks and compliments.", "I have been looking for this shoe since I saw it in House of Hoops.....Know one had it, but I found it on Amazon. I LOVE IT", "These shoes are very comfortable and fairly light weight.  They shipped very quickly.  The sizes were right on the money.  I wear them as casual shoes so as far as running quality I can't really help you there.", "Purchased for a gift and the price is definately comparable to the stores. excellent quality and comfort, also like the fact that the top on these is not mesh like most of them are", "or the fast shipping. Exactly what I wanted.  Very good for guards easy to move from left to right without restriction on your foot", "These shoes look and fit great, but are coming apart where the nylon cloth attaches to the rubber sole.  My son isn't that active either.  Next time I'll stick with the leather Nikes.", "Christmas gift. My grandson wanted new shoes for Christmas so he picked these, he has bought them before and really likes nike brand. He's happy I'm happy.", "it looks so so so so  cute on my boy ... eventhouhg it is a bit bigger than his size but still he feels ok with it ...", "I thought it was red,but is more on the pink side.  They are starting to rip near the right toe.", "I did not know at the time but my grandson has these in a different color.  Perfect timing since someone relieved him of his soccer bag and all his gear.  Perfect Christmas present for him.", "Nice quality. They fits great and my son says they are comfortable and they work well for him on the soccer field.", "im liking it if you play indoor soccer i definitely recomend this shoes they are light and comfortable and they fit as expected had no problems", "It is a good shoe for the price, the only problem I have with it is that it's a bit tight", "These shoes are lightweight and comfortable. They are well made with a sturdy material.But that is where the positives stop. Playing indoors with these shoes feels like I'm wearing bowling shoes. I can't cut, stop, accelerate, or turn without slipping and sliding around. Very disappointing.", "These are superb cleats, very good for the money. Recommend as a starter pair. Good grip, and they look awesome.", "Good product but the size is a little smaller than the regular nike's..Good shoes and the model too.. Take a look with the size you buy", "I purchased these to use in my kickball league which plays on astroturf. They were somewhat tight, but it was probably good for the sport. I was able to run really fast to base and also stop on command even after a hard sprint. My kicking somewhat improved as well, but it may have been due to the confidence of having appropriate shoes with a nice flat surface to kick with. As with most neon Nike shoes, the design is very striking to look at and I got a lot of looks from dudes on the subway with these.", "Love this hat, looks really cute on. Wears well and fits perfect to the head.  Try washing it a time or two if you have fitting issues.", "My boyfriend absolutely loves these shoes!  He says they are the most comfortable pairs of shoes he has ever worn and he would buy another pair!", "I used it several times, but it doesn't support my heels very well. They hurt a bit after 10min I start jogging.Price is good, but not a very good shoe to run.", "My husband tried out a variety of tennis shoes before settling on these.  He wears them while running and at the gym.  They are well built and stand up to a lot of use and torture.", "I got these for my son for Christmas and he loves them. Got them at a very good price and extremely happy my son loves them.", "Everyone loves this sneakers, there are very attractive many people ask me where did I get it, nevertheless when I bought it it where a little bit expensive, I went to Orlando and I saw similar models and even the same one cheaper", "it nice  and soft on my feet  even  iwear it all day my is comfortable  thank you nike  for job well done", "Rarely do I purchase the same shoe twice, but I really liked the style of the shoes and comfort they provided. Super light while still providing enough cushion. Plus they go well with jeans or shorts.", "re:  fit - I wear a 10-11 in women's shoes and am either an 8 or 8.5 in men's.  I take an 8.5 in these so I went ahead and indicated that they fit a wee small because they seem to be on the littler end of the range.These are my favorite shoes ever.  I am incredibly sad that Nike stopped making them.  I have serious ankle problems - my ankles are very loose, causing my feet to roll out (supinate) frequently.  Before these shoes it was a good week if I only turned an ankle twice.  I've been wearing my first pair for two years almost exclusively and during that time have turned an ankle only twice, both times while walking over lumpy tree roots.  I just bought my second pair to use as my first pair of running shoes - I never thought I'd be able to run with my stupid ankles, but with these I have confidence.", "I have walked all over campus in these shoes for about 3 days now, and I've got to say, they are the most comfortable shoes I've ever worn.  Great for if you're on your feet for long periods of time, have to do a lot of walking, or I guess if you run.  They're great.  My one complaint is that the paint appears it will come off easily.  I've scraped my foot against the side walk once and it has a cm long scratch along the black paint.  Get a half size up.", "Perfect for walking, running, gym. I wear these all the the time and couldnt ask for better sneakers. Even with my flat feet it gives the arc support I need", "Ran Chicago in these.  They are a lot more comfortable than the LE 2s.  A lot of room in the toe box. Blister free.", "These shoes fit perfectly and I love them!  I ended up ordering another pair in fear that I might not find my size in the future.", "Great for people who need extra cushion for the heal. Great for long runs, and helpful for runners who need arch support", "the colors are great the fit is great just didn't like the bubble on the side of the inner of the sneaker but i must say there are so comfortable that's y i rated it a 4 star", "I loved them!! They were very light weight and breathed nicely. I loved the colors. They matched almost all of my clothing.", "I LOVE these Nike Shox.  As you know, they are hard to find these days and the color is GREAT.  The tongue of the shoe is made with some type of rubber and if I were rough on shoes or pulled too hard too many times, I think it would come apart.  They are not as well made as some of the Shox you get in the stores but good luck with that anyway.  They do hurt my feet after I've worn them all day.  But I love the color and am overall pleased with my purchase!! I got them in a timely manner as well.", "Though the sneakers are pretty and all that, I wish they came in a wider width. Maybe when there more broken in they'll feel more comfortable. My feet take a beating hit the gym floor maybe there not as sore.", "Good for training that i Ever used.  And totally dry tech for a better performance.  Thanks nike to do our life easy.", "Very good shoe. Just what I expected. Is soft. Much comfort. Good colors. I recommend the seller. He is responsible. Covered expectations", "This is a very comfortable shoe for running.  If you like Nike brand, you can't go wrong.  It fits just as I expected it to.", "These shoes work great for my nearly-daily 3-mile walks on virtually every terrain, but they have great support for regular walking or long days of standing.  I have worn earlier versions to all-day amusement park marathons.  I have a short heel and these are great!", "You can't go wrong with Nike and they will have something for everyone. Their prices can be higher then most other competitors, but their quality is just that much better and worth the extra money for something that will last longer. Excellent customer service and customer satisfaction!", "Very good quality and fit. These were a Christmas gift for my granddaughter. She's very athletic and only wears Nike for her running shoes and workouts.", "I have owned this shoe in three different trim colors -- purple, neon yellow, and neon orange. I love the pop of color that goes with the overall neutral so the shoe is fun without being gaudy. I wore this shoe for a year, during which time I trained for several races, including a half marathon. I just loved how lightweight and comfortable it was. But then I started experiencing problems with my foot. My foot (just the left one) actually grew in size so I could not longer wear my shoe comfortably, and my arch was painful. I finally went to a specialty running store, where they told me these Nikes are essentially glorified fashion shoes without the proper support. I bought a pair of Brooks and my foot problems cleared up (though they didn't shrink back!). So, I loved these shoes, but not for lots of training!!", "Just as shown in the picture, very nice running shoes they feel really comfortable. i recommend it for sure. n", "These shoes are amazingly comfortable and lightweight! The material make it more breathable while working out or running! Just what I was looking for!", "did not fulfill my expectations. turned out very small and not like me or the material it is made or internal protection. the give away without using them. I disappoint me", "The shoes are very light weighted but sturdy enough for intense workout. Has Stylish design. Nice price for the well made shoes.", "i help my colleague to buy this shose, and it seems he likes it, and it seems he is satisfied", "he made sure the package was delivered personally and the product was what he described but they were listed as size 13 and are size 13 but the box and label inside the shoes list them as 11.5 and I do not know if they were made like this accidentally because they seem real and I collect jordans but I am a little aggravated because I overpaid for screwed up shoes so that is my only complaint", "these are 100% fake, to start of the color is supposed  to be navy blue not black, enough said, so those of you who paid $300-$400 for fakes, that sucks! get your money back, because you could have used$300-$400 for something better...", "i thought they looked awesome  and I loved them!!! made a great present for my nephew and he was estatic....thanks a bunch!", "I bought these shoes and they broke the first time my son wore them. The side of the flip flop came apart from the sole of the shoe after examining the shoes closer I find the glue is brittle.", "This was bought as a Christmas gift. The recipient was very happy that he got them and showed every one watching he was happy", "Unexpected cheap looking for nike, but my fianc&eacute; loves how the color, style, and fit. He wears a 10, but had to get a 11.", "Fast service..'Christmas present for my son, and he loved them. They are exactly the same as the description on sellers page.", "Love these shoes, very light and fits around the shoes appropriately. I can jump higher and feel my ankles are supported. They look as close as possible to the 2015 Marty McFly's but they don't cost your life savings to purchase. I'll update this post once I find out how the wear and tear is.", "Best Basketball Shoes ever! Great for its price and really comptrable.Good as those shoes that are for $200.00They are awesome...", "Arrived as expected and are according to description.  Great to do business with.  Very comfortable and able to wear all day.", "said Blk but when I received they were actually plum without turquoise shoelaces,  Not to worry, my daughter liked them anyway but then they ran small", "I love these shoes! I have only seen them in one store in Palo Alto CA. They are very unique, no other stores have them. I get a lot of compliments because of the ombre color. The only thing is that it fits a little snug when you first put them on. They aren't made of fabric on the exterior of the shoe. They are made of some type of plastic rather than fabric. But (just like any other shoe), after a while of wearing them, they eventually break in and feel less tight.", "This was a gift, the recipient loved them. The color was spot on as was the fit and size. Very comfortable.", "there were nice sneakers but they run a little to small in the front very  narrow,  colors are great didn't want to get the next size cause i have wide fronts and knew that the next size wouldn't fit", "The shoes is well made. The colour is perfect. It is very comfortable and well made. The price is just right.", "If you want a flexible, comfortable shoe, I would definitely recommend these! I love how they feel. They're like slippers!", "awesome shoe. awesome company. they start to stink pretty soon but i wear mines like everyday and they are comfy and i love them. i am a very active adult and these fit my lifestyle.", "The shoe lace eye lite broke the first time I wore the shoe. I would not recommend this product to anyone", "My son got these for Christmas and he loved them.  He can be difficult to find shoes for too.  Quality product and quick shipping!", "Shoes got here fast.  Were exactly what expected for the product.  They look sharp just wish they would have had the other color options in my size.", "I have the this one and I love them. Other guys are commented on the style and color as nice all the time. They feel and fit great. At first, they were tight but, now I love them and they are so dam comfortable.", "there's nothing like Nike. this brand is just perfect. the most comfortable shoes. Great design. perfect color. five stars for you my friend!", "My husband loves these shoes.  They have more than enough room as he has very wide feet.  Would definitely order these shoes again.", "These shoes were well worth the cost for what I paid for them.  I was a little challenged by the off red color that is more like a tangerine orange-redish color...but that is precisely what the description says.  Besides - these days...the fluorescent look is what is being sold these days - and it makes the shoes stand out.I loved these shoes so much - I purchased the (Nike Mens Air Max TR 180 cross trainer shoes Model 537803 013) in gray / black.", "I originally bought this shoe to workout in - weight training and cross training. It's a perfect shoe for the gym, however, I would not recommend buying this shoe for running only. It is definitely a 'trainer' style shoe and like I said, perfect for use in the gym. I have the blue/gray/black for the gym, liked it, so I ended up buying the all black version for work.", "Love these for cross training at home doing INSANITY. Provide nice support, especially lateral. Love the looks and light weight. Delivered on-time and well-packaged.", "Great looking pair of shoes but a little heavier that I thought they would be. Good shoes to use inside a gym or to wear around town. But, not lite enough to lace up for your outside run. Just my opinion maybe other people will find them just right. All depends on your taste. As stated great for gyms so if you do all your workouts inside you can't go wrong.", "I did a previous review of the same shoes - but in the Gray/dark Orange selection.  Like those shoes - which I purchased first, and resulted in me buying these.  The shoes are so comfortable, stylish and I could not be more happy in my purchase.Initially, I was hesitant in spending the cost vs. so many cheaper shoes for a lot less.  However, considering the feel of the initial shoes and how good they look; I had to go with it...without reservations.  In addition, I love the gel on the heels - because it does not allow my shoes to get dirty in the car when I drive on the left rear, while working the pedals.", "I needed an insert with arch support so I took out the new and put in the used. PERFECTO!!!VERY COMFORTABLE AND EASY WALKING. not into indoor trainer stuff.", "I am 5'6&#34; and athletic, the med fits well with the exception of the chest being a little big (I am a 36 A/B). Once I put another bra on underneath it fits fine. My fault for running off my chest :)", "They met all my needs and expectations!could not find these shirts in the stores.  Could not believe I found them.", "I was surprised when my son picked these, he loves them!  The leather/suede holds up very well.  Nike is staying true to their name.", "so that when my sons feet gets a little bigger, we will have a pair of new shoes waiting for him", "The socks were for my brother for Christmas, he loved them, except I accidentally purchased them a little too big.", "I absolutely love these pants.  I own a lot of capri workout pants, since I am a Physical Education teacher, and most of mine are Under Armour Brand.  I decided to get these because I liked out the Nike Logo was further down on the leg to promote branding identification, and I was more than pleasantly surprised to feel how these fit and how comfortable they are.  The waist is thick enough that it has support and is fitting while still feeling comfortable and being &#34;forgiving&#34; in the sense that it is stretchy.  I like the material allows sweat to wick away and you aren't left feeling sticky and disgusting.  I also like the length of the legs and how they go just about two-three inches below the knee, causing it to look like an actual capri.  I seriously am in love with these pants and totally plan on purchasing more.", "You will see almost every runner at the gym wearing these! Hard to find at retail so its a great purchase online!", "This is our daughter's 2nd pair, and they fit the same as the first pair.  She loves them, and runs 4 miles or more every day.", "Very slimming for a curvy girl. Comfortable, never rode up while at the gym. Great buy and will purchase more.", "These shoes were requested by my 11 year old grandson who is so very pleased with them.  He is a happy camper!", "Why run around in stupid, baggy basketball shorts when you can wear these trim, good looking running shorts?  They feel great, perform nicely, and show off my gorgeous gams.", "My 12 year old picked these out for Christmas. He loves them. they fit perfect and they look very nice.", "My girlfriend loved the fit of these socks and the style. Durability is good for the price, and everyone loves wearing anything with a nike logo, right? ;)", "The size was accurate which was a big concern. My husband has worn them every day since they arrived, he said they didn't even need to be broken in. Very happy with this purchase and will absolutely be ordering others.", "these shoes are so comfortable. and truly do have the affect of walking barefoot. I want another pair in another color. just sayin", "Great product for working out. Great material for working out in as well. Nike always seems to get it right", "The best tights for working out- keeps everything in its place and super durable. Lasts through heavy wear and tear. Highly recommend!", "I bought a bunch of the first generation shirts of this series from a discount clothing store, and they impressed me enough that when I saw an offering for a new model that I grabbed one right away. It's very good for wearing at night for running, but also comes in handy during the day if you happen to work in a job that requires Hi-Vis. Very comfortable.", "This compression shirt is excellent all around. It feels a bit tight when you first put it on but then it works great. It feels like a second skin that keeps your body tight and makes you look good under any dress shirt or other clothes. It also breaths and wicks sweat away and keep your dress shirts clean.", "the picture of the person wearing this looks like a child.  Not an adult, so we purchased it for our son.  Come to find out, it was an adult medium, not a child.  Very confusing.  If they are going to have such a confusing picture, then the sizes need to be called out as Adult or child.", "this thing didnt last.. the waistband disintegrated within days. made in mexico ?! come on mannn. i got better luck with jockey brand !", "Like the length...but fit slightly smaller than the shorter ones.  They seem to work good but just a tighter fit.", "Is not the most comfortable short ever, and is somehow smaller than expected, but it does its works well and prevents chaffing nicely.", "Bought these for my grandson.....PERFECT........the fit was just right...he loves them under his basketball uniform.  Soft material and really likes the fit.", "This was exactly what I was looking for. If you want good compression shorts, these are the ones. Good buy, worth the money.", "These fit very well. I have many pairs and I wear them every time I workout. Wouldn't buy any other brand.", "Extremly comfortable shoe.  I haven't ran in them yet but they are great for walking and everyday use.  I like the colors as well", "I bought for a gift to my daugther. She loves them. She is used them since I gift. It was a great buy!!", "I had bought them for myself and as soon as I saw them I knew I had to get them but when I got them in the mail I was surprised to see thin black stains on the white sides. And a bit hard to clean if you get them dirty.", "The Nike Mens Air Foamposite,white with red blotches, is wayradical and awesomely cool.Yes, it is somewhat pricey.They look like they have smallpox &#8212;and that makes them absolutely bitchin'", "My son loves these shoes, they came just before Christmas even though I knew that it might not have made it to me til after Christmas, I was so delighted and relieved that I was able to wrap them up and gift them to him on Christmas day. He thinks he's too cool for school... Lol. Just joking", "it was a good purchase at a better price than the stores. and they were available here. its a light shoe and very nice colors.", "Comfortable, fit to size. Very nice quality, kinda expensive for b-ball shorts. Wanted more color options. All were out of stock", "Very comfortable and lightweight.  The Dri-Fit material used in these shorts works better than I originally was expecting.  I will be buying more.", "My boyfriend wears nothing but ones he always sticks with the plain white and black he opened these and loved them different but with a twist .for every air force one fan! My son wants a pair but they dont come in kids lol", "These shoes (as well as Nikes in general, or so I have been told) run pretty narrow.  I contemplated getting a wider size, but I didnt.  I have flat feet, so maybe this would help with the tightness in the middle section.  Shoes are lightweight and breathable.  Pebbles constantly get stuck in the grooves on the bottom.  Overall, for ME, I would give them 3 stars, but in all fairness, I will say 4 stars.", "Very good! 100% Excellent product, people honest and reliable.I get the product in a short time. I like it", "The Nike Air Max Tennis Shoes are just great they are lightweight and they feel like you are walking on a cloud", "Got this shoes for a cheap price. It fits well and confortable on my feet plus the color and design is very nice in my opinion.", "bought this as a gift for my bf....he loooves it, and so do i. very true to the picture shown", "it was a gift for my cousin, and as soon as he wear them he was so excited, becuse he loves this type of shoes.", "You cant go wrong with a pair of forces, especially in this color, photo doesnt do them justice, buy them now!!!", "They came super fast an they're just what they said great shoes for a good price thats all you can ask for", "this shoe is perfect, plenty of compliments.brings me back to the 90s every time i wear it.cant complain at all.", "These shoes fit true to size.. I absolutely love them and how they look.. They shipped as expected. Very very happy with this product and the speedy shipping", "This shoe was a Christmas gift for my grandson, and he likes them just fine.  They are a good-looking shoe.", "I was looking for a light pair of training shoes that were secure enough for resistance training exercises, but flexible enough for agility movements. I started with the Nike Free Trainer 7.0, but found that the shoe is so bulky and stiff that it hindered quick movements. The Nike Free Trainer 5.0 was better, and I almost purchased them, but after trying the 3.0 I realized it was the best choice.The shoes are almost as light and flexible as the Nike Free Running series but still secures the ankles and gives support for training exercises. The design of the shoes is a huge plus too, not only are they functional but they look good too.I'd recommend this shoe to anyone looking for light, flexible, and supportive training shoes.", "i bought these as a compromise training shoe.  My first foray into the Nike Free world was the Run 5.0, an excellent running shoe, but not so great for weightlifting.  The Free Trainer 3.0 is terrific where the 5.0 was limited.  The heel isn't thick and cushioned, so it makes keeping my heels planted during squats much easier.  Also of note is the heel and ankle support, which keeps my foot from shifting inside the shoe as much.", "they are a bit tight, compared to the same size i normally get in other brands, after some wear i hope they will loosen up", "Will be returning to the Gym soon and I had no exercise shoes and I like the color and how light they areGreat", "If you are looking for Nike white shoes, this pair is perfect. Very lightweight, not a lot of support, if you're a runner. Perfect for me, I wanted lightweight. I love them!", "Fast delivery and in perfect condition. Fit perfect and were above my expectations. I recommended them to a friend and he even bought some. Thanks", "My wife is putting together a baby shower gift basket and thought the little Nikes would look nice. We kinda think  baby Samatha is going to be a \"tomboy\" just like her mom.", "I am pleased with these tennis shoes...they arrived in a timely fashion and are now a gift under the tree for my son!", "Unlike prior versions of this shoe, these are cut way too narrowly.Retailers have gotten lots of complaints on these - don't buy.", "The perfect hoodie. It fit great and kept me cozy and warm at the game.  I recommend it for all", "I love these shoes, I work out in them every day and they are exactly what I wanted.. The color is cool.", "This big is a beautiful color, it's spacious, it's perfect for high school (or middle school). Absolutely recommend and love!", "Shoes fit as described. Great quality as I have been wearing them for a while now, but hadn't taken the time to rate them.", "These shoes are the real thing, and not over priced like some others do. Jordan Shoes are custom design and mass produced for the Basketball players who want to run that court. Thanks for shoes!!!", "air jordan 7 are the best jordans ever made well worth the price ill were them evry day then ill buy another pair", "Bought these for my spoiled daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves them. I am not a Tennis shoe fan but these look super cute on her foot.", "This is my first pair of Jordans that I bought online, and I am very pleased with the service this seller had in bringing the shoes. The shoes are authentic and in new condition. I normally wear Chuck Taylor's and Air Max's , however, I thought since it's Christmas, I thought I'd give these a shot. I bought these in size 12, and it fits real good. Great shoes to rock in the early winter and summer.", "I was feeling nostalgic for the Nike Air Force 180 Pump, this was the closest i could find online. It does not come with the pump but i love it nonetheless. I would have also wanted a version with less flare (white on black or black on white - without flash yellow or flash red accents and translucent air area.", "The shipping was fast and the packaging was neat.I saw these on Rita Ora and rihanna and fell in love with the fluorescent detail with black backdropThis was my first nike shoe buy in a while and it did not disappoint. Was described and look just as expected.Thank u", "These shoes are so comfortable--like wearing slippers.  I love the color because I wear a lot of aqua.  They are so light weight and cool in summer.", "Nice shoe.  Would only wear them on a dry course.  Love the color.  Can't wait to put them on and play!", "They are true to size and very lightweight. The shoe is mostly mesh, which is what I'm excited about- they will be nice and cool. Might be a little chilly for wet and/or cold days...", "These are heavier than I had expected, and not at all like the Nike flip flops I used to own. The straps rub my feet and I often feel like i am not centered on the sole correctly because the 'gel' doesn't conform to my feet. They are good for standing and doing dishes at the sink, but I would never plan to walk any distance in them. They have been down graded to shower shoes for the gym. I would have returned them but the shipping prices were too high, and I thought I'd give them a chance.", "Just what I ordered! These were cheaper than anything I found around. They are exactly what I wanted and they are comfy.", "I always loved these sneakers. Been a fan since they first came out. looks good with sweat suits, jeans, or shorts. Can dress them up or down. It's the fasion worlds black dress.", "They fit somewhat mall , but other than that they look great and very confortable . I wear them to work and since I have to be on my feet for 12 hours this did the trick . I love them", "La calidad es excelente y son muy c&oacute;modos. El dise&ntilde;o me gusta mucho tambi&eacute;n. Mis compa&ntilde;eros de equipo se enamoraron con mis tacos y quieren comprarse unos.", "Great product. Very well made and sturdy. Fit very well too. Would recommend this to any sports fan. Great price too.", "the product was in perfect condition, the features are correct, everything is perfect, it is a seller 100% safe and reliable ... I hope to do business with you again, thank you very much.", "i prefer the blue one,but purple is nice too. i like it very much. they are fashion and suitable for me", "The product arrived promptly and was as described in the ad. The sweatshirt material is warm and the colors are perfect for Giants fans!", "I bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas.  I was a little nervous about the colors, but was happily surprised to find a set of black laces as well as the yellow ones.  They arrived within the estimated time from the seller and the price was great!  Very happy with this purchase!", "My son put them on just as soon as he opened this gift. He was excited, as he was already so pleased with his Lunarglide 3's he has been wearing. He was ready to get out running right away.", "I didn't purchase these shoes from Amazon, I got them at a local running shoe store after being professionally fitted for them.  I'm not crazy about the color I got (gray with teal accents), but I bought them for running, not for fashion and that was the only color they had.  I have to say that these shoes are absolutely the most comfortable pair of shoes I've ever worn.  Since I've had them, I've stopped wearing all my other cheap running shoes because I now realize how uncomfortable they are.  I'm just beginning to run, so I can't give any technical opinions, but I love the comfort of these shoes so much that I bought another pair of similar Nike shoes in a color that I do like so I have ones that are comfy AND cute.", "I waited to long to purchase this Item and am really upset. I guess I didn't come up with money fast enough. If you come out with Size 11 again . Can you notify me ( please) . Thanks Alex", "nice design, quality and price, as a gift to my father is prety amazing, he loved it, to excerside or relax at home, nice one", "I answered the question about the fit being too large. Please don't let that deter you from purchasing these incredible shoes. The scenario is this, I am a genius! I bought these 3 months ago for my 9 year old son who is just now starting basketball season so I purposely bought them large. See? I'm a genius, right? I mean, who has that kind of wherewithal and foresight? Now for the shoes. Michael Jordan sure knocked it out of the park with these. As I said I have a 9 year old boy and he loves basketball. Up to this point in his life he's been pretty much like any other 9 year old boy. He's awkward, care barely walk without tripping over his feet, occasionally lets out a grunt that sounds like English, plays too much on his electronic devices, only eats cake, doesn't want to go to school, fights over homework, forgets his backpack at school when he needs to bring it home, forgets his backpack at home when he needs to take it to school, won't do any chores and won't pick up his dog's poop (even though this was promised). BUT, when he puts these shoes on magic happens! He takes out the trash, does his chores and even likes his sister! On Friday's he gives ME ten bucks and says thanks for letting me help out around the house Dad. He's now a model student. So much so that the teacher sends apples home to me for being his Father! And don't get me started on his coordination. With these shoes he is able to walk and chew gum at the same time, recite poems in legible easy to comprehend English all while shooting free throws and lay ups, right AND left handed! Seriously! Bookmark this review so that in 10 years when he's the scoring leader for Duke's National Championship winning team you can say you read about this kid in 2013! He will be in 5th grade next year, watch for him on Sports Center!All I can say is &#34;Thank you Michael Jordan and Nike&#34;. For my $100 investment I now have the happiest and best little boy. Well, at least for the next 3 months at which time they will be too small.", "Great sneaks. The boy loves them. Paid $90.00 before Christmas now the price is down to $60.00. Wait til after Xmas next time.", "I love the style and comfort. I purchased about 13 pairs of different colors, including both low and high tops. The sole is Lunarlon technology, and when you wear it, it is very comfortable. I have wide feet. So despite being 10.5, 11 wasn't too long and in fact fits well. And of course, it's a beautifully designed shoe.", "For a slim tall 15 yr old where adult s or xs is still too loose. Concern was the length of arm length but the arm length fit of this shirt is good.", "These shoes are very stylish and comfortable. Loved the price and fit. Worth the money have gotten many compliments on them", "Okay, beautiful shoe, felt great for my son but side accents started pulling away after 2-3 mo.Center-mid premier league, but shoe should do better with 6-7 hours / week for that price, IMO.", "MY GRANDSON LOVED THEM, VERY SHARP LOOKIN SHOE, LOOK JUST LIKE THE PICTURE, I WAS VERY HAPPY WITH MY PURCHASE, NICE FIT NICE SHOE", "Good design, a little tight on the small toes, however the traction is too poor, shoes are too slick on the court.", "As usual great shoes by Nike.  Packaged well by seller and just what I was looking for.  They were a gift for our son for Christmas.", "The photo does not match the product, is it a shoe or a shirt?The photo does not match the product, is it a shoe or a shirt?The photo does not match the product, is it a shoe or a shirt?The photo does not match the product, is it a shoe or a shirt?", "They look good. They fit good.  Size runs true. Came in good shipping shape with original box and packaging box.  I would recommend these.", "i love this one. It is the best I have ever had. this is a true customer service. Keep up your honesty. I and my family love the Tracksuit.", "These shoes came in wonderful condition.  I also bought a pair for my son and these too came with excellent quality.  I was very pleased with my purchase and speedy delivery! Thanks now I can have matching Jordans with my son &lt;3.", "Bought these for my nephew who is an avid football player (That's Trinidad Football). He loves the sneakers, says they are perfect.", "i got the 9 mens and the are really nice i got them for 129.99 but should be 200$ have fun", "the size fits a bit tight but I'll wear it  it's a really good shoe over allI might buy I didn't color later on", "Jacket is lightwight and perfect for using on a day hike, packs away easily into a daypack and fits well.", "Being a senior citizen gym rat, I have a fondness for UnderArmour, Nike, and Adidas workout clothes because of their reliable quality and durability.  I needed a black warmup jacket to wear going to and from the gym.  This jacket fit the bill 100%.  It is very well made (like all Nike clothing in my experience) and fit me perfectly.  The elastic waistband and cuffs are also to my liking.  The material weight is perfect for all but the coldest days here in Virginia.  I recommend this jacket without reservation.", "I got these for my 10 yr olds birthday.,  He loved them the minute he saw them and has been wearing them ever since.  They are still in very good condition.", "This shoe is very comfortable and keeps the water/slush out.  It also has great aesthetics. Great buy for a GORE-TEX shoe.", "These shorts are very comfortable to run in. I love the color. I have tried other off brand running shorts but end up spending extra on Nike shorts because they consistently fit better with less rubbing issues and better fit then other brands!", "The are crazy colors and dunks are comfortable. Not much else to say if you like dunks this color combination is awesome. I get compliments all the time on them", "So comfortable and cushiony. I am 57 yrs. old and walk 4 miles a day without my feet getting tired. I love it", "This was a little big in size. My son wears it without any problems.  I may consider ordering this again.", "This item is a fantastic women's running shoe. The GORE-TEX material keeps feet dry, running outdoors, yet it's still light weight. Highly recommended, especially for those who run outdoors during the fall/winter seasons.", "These shoes are most amazing looking Jordan 1's I ever had!! The way look a heck a lot better then any other color scheme Jordan 1's out there.", "Ordered and recieved very fast with nice packaging. Great socks fit well and color is true. Thanks for the product!!", "I have these socks in both the longer and shorter styles. These have become my favorite socks due to the sizing options and being designed for individual (R & L) feet. Buy a pair and try them today!", "VERY SATISFIED! These socks are very very durable! I use them every week when I go to the gym. And, they haven't faded much despite using and washing them every week for over a year. I highly recommend these socks.", "I like the texture and the look but these socks are alot longer that they look in the picture. Maybe its because im short but these socks go all the way up to my knees. I was expecting them to be shorter", "Purchased for football player.  They fit well, stay up and wash well.  Color has stayed true after multiple washings.  Definitely would recommend these for a boy who plays sports.", "Too tight, not what I expected. Size was right, there was no cushioning on bottom of sock. They felt like post surgery socks.", "Fit very good. Smooth in toe are - great for diabetic. Love the L & R on each sock for left and right. They really are constructed differently for each foot.", "Awesome cushioned socks specifically designed for each foot - clearly marked with an L and R.  Worth the money. Makes you want to toss all your old socks!", "I urchased this product specifically because I was trying to buy gifts that were made in USA. when i got this it had a price tag of $16 ( i paid 22) and the label says Made in Pakistan... LAME, also possibly illegal?", "How many times do I need to review a product.  I previously reviewed this product about a week or so ago.", "I ordered these because they said \"made in USA\".  They were not.  In fact there was a sticker on the packaging stating the country of origin, as if they changed, Pakistan or Vietnam or somewhere.OK socks but NOT us made.", "Nike goes to extremes with their socks, to make them appear well designed and full of quality, but I find them extremely uncomfortable.  If you have the slightest worry about wearing socks that are too tight, then you'll want to stay far away from these and stick with Gold Toe, Adidas or some other good brand.  The sock openings are so small you can barely get them on, and after you do, they act as a compression sock around your foot and ankles (note that I don't simply mean that they're articulated, but that they actually tightly squeeze you.)The L/R foot designations seems neat, but I'm not sure that there's actually any difference, or that it would be worth it if there was.  It mostly serves to add another step in putting them on, if you actually put them on the right foot, which I doubt most people even bother doing.My only reason for giving these 2 stars is because Nike does seem to put forth some effort in designing them, but I find that Gold Toe makes far better socks.  If all you want is a sock with a Nike swoosh, then these are for you.  But, if you actually want a good sock that's comfortable, then I'd stick with Gold Toe, Adidas or some other brand, because these are definitely not comfortable.", "Bought these for my boyfriend for Christmas and he absolutely loves them... He goes jogging and wears those since they have extra cushioning in certain places... He just loves them,and me for buying them...!", "I ordered and have enjoyed the wear of these socks.  They are so very comfortable and soothing to the feet.", "Another great looking, fitting product by Nike.My son loves this pack of colors (matches his school colors) and wears them constantly!No fading or bleeding of colors that I noticed in the first few washes as usually happens with red and black.Will buy again (actually- did buy more already!)", "This was a gift for my Mom who is a senior and wanted red sox. Great product, very cushy and great color!", "I got these to work out in and they are a lot thicker than I had thought they would be so I usually just wear them around the house. I wear a size 11 shoe and these socks and a little bit bigger than I like but I still wear them. Good product.", "Expensive, but comfortable and well-made.  Very light shoe that will last the season; eye-catching, too.  My son loves playing in these as the color makes him feel fast and unique (refs see the traveling, tho:).", "My daughter love love love these!  I was happy to have found them and the price was comparable to other sites.", "I wear these 12-16 hours a shift on very hard floors , and I am on my feet non stop. The arch support is super for someone with an extremely high arch, also the lunar padding gives a little extra padding along with the air max. If your a runner these aren't going to give you the breath-ability you want so go with a mesh version but if you work in healthcare and need an all leather shoe get these now!!  These blow my Shox out of the water, and I swear by Reebox zigs and they are even better than those.", "Very Narrow. More that expected- therefore it had to be broken in more. Overall it is a good product. Does the job.", "i always loved these shoes, i had them when they came out for the first time early in  the decade, they look great, they are very comfortable and works with almost every look... if your foot is wide i suggest ordering half a size bigger", "The shoe came in good condition despite it being boxless upon arrival due to my freight forwarder. It's a classic! It fits well. Overall, it's all good!", "thees are some of the crispyiest shoes i have ever put on and i know my shoes thees are 100% real and plus ive never seen anyone else with them on thees are my favorite shoes out of all 8 pair", "My son loves the bright color of these shoes. A cross between red and melon. I found several Nike t shirts to match. A must have for the high school shoe crowd.", "these shoes are very good i think that everybody should have a pair or two of nike ruckus lows they are great", "The shoes come and look just as advertised. The shoes also come in a neat box that slides open and has a hat with the jordan symbol on it also. The delivery was prompt and the size came as ordered. Only problem as is with most shoes these shoes have no open laces so if your young one likes to curve his toes like mine when you put on a shoe it can be a little tidious but eventually go through. Overall...great great looking shoes!!!!. They also arrievd promptly.", "Oh my gog these are dope ass shoes.  Much better than I expected. Love this blue and so do all the haters.", "lt is  good, though not five stars, but I am very satisfied, buyers want to continue their efforts . , ,", "I love this product, so did my son.  It is soft on the inside so that makes it even better for him.", "I've learned my lesson.  I will not be buying cleats online again.  I've been using nike cleats of the TD family since 2006 or 2007, starting with the white hi-top Speed TDs (2 pairs) and ending with my last pair of 7v7 TDs.  I've always been a size 12 for nike cleats (I also have worn nike tiempos).  I have never had blisters or any toe issues, only a little soreness in the soles during the break0in.  My last pair of 7v7s was getting somewhat worn when I bought these, and I was still using these when they arrived.  I do not think my feet grew larger, but these feel at least a size too small.  I've lost both my big toenails since wearing these, which I've never had happen.  I like my cleats tight, but with these my feet start to tingle and go numb pretty quickly.  Pain when accelerating is pretty sharp and distracting.  I would definitely recommend buying from a store when you can try on the pair you're going to buy.  I went to the store before buying these and tried a pair that seemed to fit fine, but these were much tighter.  I don't know if they shrunk or were mis-labelled.  The label inside says US 12.  These are my favorite style of cleat, the pattern is great, the height is perfect, they are usually comfortable and not too heavy, but this pair was terrible.", "I bought this hoodie for my 8 1/2 year old son. He is able to wear it dressy casual with khaki pants, or for a sporty look, he can wear it with a pair of navy blue Nike wind pants. He seems to pull this out of his closet to wear at least once a week. The material is a lightweight cotton material. The background color is a light tan and the orange is more of a burnt orange. This seemed to be a popular hoodie because we initially bought it at JCPenney and needed to return it because the one we got had an ink stain on it that I didn't notice at the time we purchased it. When we went back a couple of days later, it was completely sold out. My son was bummed because he really liked it. I did an Amazon search and found it here, but there was only one left in the size that we needed. I jumped on it. The price was similar to JCPenney. When I had returned the initial hoodie to JCPenney, another customer at the counter saw it and wanted to purchase one for her grandson. Wish Nike would make more of this style in different patterns and colors because we would definately purchase them for the versatility. I really like Nike brand clothes because of the quality. My son generally outgrows Nike brand products before they wear out. Nike does cost a little more, but for the quality, I don't mind paying extra. I gave it 4 stars, instead of 5 because it did shrink slightly, but the material is cotton.", "I didn't buy these at amazon but I know reviews help me out so I am hoping this helps you make a decision. I bought these at a mall store for 65.00. The only difference of the pair I bought is the color. I normally wear an 8.5M. I tried on several sizes and ended up buying a 10. I brought them home and compared them to other types of athletic shoes I have purchased and found them to be approximately 1 to 1 1/4 inches longer then my other shoes. Therefore I would say they run pretty small. I purchased the gray mesh with ocean blue and magenta. They look cheaper then the Nikes I have purchased in the past. I have also purchased NB and Reebok and it appears they really are sizing them differently. They are very light-weight and feel very comfortable on my foot. So far I have not noticed any spot that they strike uncomfortably on. They are perfect for a normal width foot. The inside label states they are made in Indonesia. I would really love to buy a shoe made in America but it seems that's not going to be the case anymore. I would recommend them but keep in mind the sizing difference. I hope this helps.", "Joy and pain, like sunshine and rain.Joy:I love my new Nike Free 3.0 V4's They're awesome! They bring me joy. They feel like the Nike Free Version One 3.0's that i used to have a few years ago (UPC 0091204597847). If I remember correctly Nike's replacement for V1 3.0 was stiffer and more like a traditional running shoe. So after the Free 3.00 V1, I went through 2 pairs of Saucony Kinvara's and experimented with Vibram Five Fingers (avoid rocks with them). I actually went into get a new pair of Kinvara's but they had to order them so I tried out the Nike Free 3.0 V4's and loved them. They're a great combination of minimal design and enough cushion.Pain:It pains me to hear how here about how Nike treats sponsored athletes. The word on the street is that Nike provides no advance notice of contract termination and retroactively applies performance clauses. Essentially, Nike sometime as acts as a jerk when it transitions away from athletes.With $521 million net profit in Fiscal 2012 3rd Quarter alone, Nike has the room in their budget to afford to treat sponsored athletes fairly.Nike's CFO might say Nike has a business case can be made for their actions. He should keep in mind that I'm not made of money but I'd rather pay $125 instead of $100 for a pair of shoes if I knew this would ensure that sponsored athletes are being treated fairly. If I like 2 shoes equally I'll buy from the company that treats people better. Doing the right thing doesn't have to hurt the bottom line.Peace,long may you run,out. Cy", "I use it at CrossFit and for running.Extremely comfortable shoe, looks incredibly sharp.  A little weird getting on your foot.I would argue it's the best Nike Free shoe yet.I look forward to wearing this shoe for the long-run.", "I bought these for playing racquetball. After a couple of times on the court, my feet were killing me. I do not have a wide foot. These shoes are cut narrow in the toe box. I also needed to change out the inner sole for one with more cushion/support.Very disappointed", "I was somewhat disappointed in this jacket. First of all, the sizes run pretty small. I ordered an L, later exchanged for an  XL, and even that size was just a little bit bigger than the L.Also, it's a pretty short jacket, even for a sports jacket. All in all, for a real \"Arsenal\" item there's not much to it, and quite overprized.", "Weird cut. Skinny on top around the hips with a short rise - and wide on the bottom. My suggestion is that you buy one size larger however be prepared for the  bell effect on the lower leg.", "These shoes came in exactly how they described. And on date, but I didn't know they would be as tight as they were. But still great shoes.", "I bought it for my little broder, it fits perfectly, looks great, he plays basketball and those are perfect to use", "They ripped the second time he put them on. He is a runner and wears this type of short  all the time.", "Good packaging. Tight fit but such a good feel when jogging. Use it under normal short joggers.  High quality and light. Will by more of these as its livestrong but by Nike.", "I ordered these for my boyfriend an experienced snowboarder and he loves them.  other than a few fraying threads the boots are perfect, brand new just like the description said.", "I wouldn't put this shoe into the elite athlete category but for someone like me who runs about 30 kilometers a week principally in the gym they do perfectly fine.  The comfort is great, stability in straight line running excellent and I would definitely buy another pair.", "This is my second pair of the ST2 style.  I run about 3 miles a day and love these shoes.  Its hard to find a good running shoe that doesn't give you blisters on your feet.  These shoes work great.", "I ordered these shoes without seeing them first in person. I couldn't even get them on my foot as the tongue is fixed to the entire shoe. I would definitely avoid buying these.", "This item was on my grandson's Christmas gift list and I had a difficult time locating the 3/4 length he uses for soccer goalie training.  This is exactly what he wanted and they fit perfectly.", "Great pants for gk. Don't have pockets. However, it is better to order them one size smaller, because the pants are really large for being 3/4.", "Glad I have them in my collection!!!! I get a lot of compliments.......Great buy happy I go them... Love em!!!", "Refund due to wrong order by mistaken.  I did not realized it is high heel without noticed.  but it is good shoe anyway.", "Fits true to size and are comfortable while looking great. All in all great kicks from one of my favorite sneaker brands", "Love these! I was on the fence w the whole wedge sneakers fad,  but I will buy another pair for summer in a diff color. Fast shipping, comfortable. Kinda look like air force ones... wedge is not overdone.", "Nike Wmns Dunk Sky Hi High White/Black Hidden Wedge Heels Women's Sneakers...Nike Wmns Dunk Sky Hi High White/Black Hidden Wedge Heels Women's Sneakers... this item  fit as expected.", "nice. Buy other colors as desiredFoot ComfortTake off the loose strings tied reported discomfort exceptSatisfied pricesI like petting a color", "These sneakers are very comfortable. My only concern are the creases that develop so quickly at the toe. This is normal for AF1's, but need improving. Other than that, these are top-notch. Get them.", "My son loves these shoes.  He is a twelve year old boy and he is just getting into an age where &#34;name&#34; means something to him.  He is very pleased with these and I am pleased with how they are wearing and with the price.  The shipping was great and they were exactly as described.  They are true to fit and color.", "i received my son's Lebron 9low arrived on time.  They were packaged fairly decent, but I guess the box got bent during shipment.  He loves them.", "I switched from basketball sneakers to these Nikes for going to the gym and general all-purpose workout shoes. Absolute win. Couldn't be happier.", "Runs small just like a lot of the reviewers said.  All of my shoes are size 8.  I probably should have bought a size 8.5.  Oh well :(", "Only worn these shoes for a SINGLE day and its already showing signs of wear, lots of peeling & cracks despite using it for a 2 hour walk on a footpath! Totally not what I expected from Nike and its one of those shoes that likes to gather up all the small rocks & twigs and stick themselves in the soles that make it almost impossible to get out of without damaging the soles even furtherVery unfortunate as these shoes are easily the most comfortable shoes I've ever had yet despite the term &#34;running shoes&#34; its not ideal for the outdoors at all even at walking speed! Oh yeah and the sizing is completely wrong, you need to order an entire size up from your usual and the shoe's very narrow (narrow being the good part for my narrow feet). Someone please turn the clock back 20 years ago when Nike actually meant quality...And before anyone asks, yes, I purchased the Nike shoes through an authorised dealer", "I like to wear this regularly. great for casual walking and excellent for running or playing tennis. def recommend itvery light and confy", "He loves these Nike shoes! He raves about how comfortable they are and I guess there are popular too.. Very happy with this puurchase.", "The shoes are great, the fit as expected.  The toes did wear out much quicker than most of the other shoes my son wears.  His Nikes normally last much longer than these did (there was wear within a few weeks).", "These shoes are amazing.. the fit was a little snug but the broke in rather nicely. They are so bright and you're definitely going to be noticed in them.", "My son loves them and they are super comfortable for a reasonable price.  Great by for us non 1 percenters.", "Very comfortable and fit perfect. I'm skeptical about how the laces tie up but hopefully I'm wrong and they last.", "Extremely good for running. My feet are able to flex and adapt to the ground.Only problem is that I run a lot ( I would like to believe so, 4.5 miles per day). The sole starts to go down in a few months time. Therefore new purchase is required.", "The shoes were excellent and light weight. Perfwct for what i needed but the width was just a tad bit small", "I love nike free's, comfortable barefoot feel. Wear these all the time, definitely one of the most comfortable pair of shoes i've owned.", "These  shoes are amazing ! I saved 40$CAD by buying them on amazon ;) The fitment is awesome and he color is what I was expecting. By far one of the greatest running/sport shoe made by Nike up to now !", "Pretty good shoe. Typically I use Brooks for running, but these appealed to me for the added strength they are supposed to help build in the ankles and legs. Beware though, they offer little in the way of support.", "I got these recently.  They're very comfortable and super light weight but are very tight fit with socks on.  At first i almost thought these were meant to use barefoot.  Other then the super tight fit, these shoes are excellent.", "i listened to most reviews on here and got a half size bigger, and it fit perfectly, i wear these everyday now, first pair of shoes ive gotten that have been beyond comfortable, nice switch from $40 vans, definitely order a half size bigger.i would definitely recommend this to a friend.", "I looked at various Nike running shoes and settled on these 5.0 after a few friends highly recommended them.  They are very light and comfortable.  The light weight does make them feel a little flimsy, but I&#8217;m not worried about the long-term quality.  If you are looking for a heavier and more substantial running shoe, check out the Nike Air Max line.The 5.0 comes in a lot of color options, and most of them tend to be pretty bright or flashy.  Fortunately, there are a few designs that don&#8217;t scream out.  I settled on the combination of Armory Navy/Chilling Red/Armory Slate and find it to be conservative with just the right amount of subtle bright color.Like others have stated, order a half size up.  I normally wear 10.5 in Nike but had to get these in size 11.", "I purchased the COOL GREY/ANTHRACITE/WHITE ones.I've only stuck with the Free Runs for a while now and I could never switch. These shoes are comfortable, light, and fit great.", "The shoes are an amazing fit and great for running. I definitely recommend others who enjoy the comfort of running to order from this seller.", "These sneakers are amazing, it's like walking on a cloud. I would definitely recommend these sneakers to some one :)", "shoes fit a bit small order about a half size bigger then you need ,but they are great shoes !!", "These feel exactly like i hoped they would. Perfect. I wear an 11 so thats what i ordered and they fit exactly as they should.", "Fit was alright but just a little bit tight. I expect that they will loosen up a bit with wear.", "These shoes are super comfortable and the Volt color is awesome!  I usually run about 5 miles a day and these shoes are lightweight and very breathable.  I would recommend these shoes to anyone looking for a great running shoe or even just a good looking shoe to wear casually.", "They feel great.  It took longer than expected to feel comfortable. I ordered a full size big and they were tight in tes of width.", "These shoes are very comfortable and light. My only complaint is a they feel somewhat tight on the top of my foot. I've only had them for a few days so it might be that I haven't adjusted the lacing properly. On the plus side I was worried they wouldn't feel as good as regular running shoes but they performed just fine. I will try and update my post once I have them broken in a bit more.", "I love the free run shoes by Nike. I seriously want a pair in each color. I prefer running shoes over heels anyday", "I would have given this shoe 5 stars I'll explain why. When I received them they looks good and felt good the only thing I found wrong was that the shoe made a sticking noise when walking on tile I didn't notice because i treys them on carpet.so I contacted the company to get a replacement but they said I couldn't because I had worn them. I did not like that. Also the shoe sizes for the shoes are about 2 sizes bigger for your foot to actually fit. For example I'm a size 8 on shoes but i had to get a size 10 so my foot could fit in, I'd advise to try a shoe at a store and then order online to be 100% sure", "Bought these for my bf in black for christmas. He loves them and will not wear anything else. They are very light weight and comfortable", "I bought these shoes for my son.  He says the fit like gloves.  He loves them so much.  He says he can move with ease.  The color is bright and lively and he recommends them to all his friends.", "Bought this as a gift for my nephew. I felt the quality was a little flimsy for Nike and for the price. However this is what my nephew wanted and he loved them. They fit him well.", "I send it to my hotel in US so it can get to my country, i haven't tryed it yet, but I saw it and it's exactly what I order.", "These running shoes are great! the fit is perfect and are super light weight. the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because they are wearing out very fast, I use them every day and in a matter of months they were already worn and torn from the front. Will definitely buy same ones when these wear out completely.", "Great shoes, so light, fit perfectly, comfortable, for sports or everyday use, I love these shoes! I do recommend them", "The new Nike Free 5.0+ are perfect for both long (10+) and short (3-) runs. They are super light, yet the cushioning is solid enough to provide a soft compression. My only gripe is that they seem to fit differently than other Nike Free models. These seem to run 1 size large (i.e. If you normally wear a 10, you need an 11 in these). Definitely one of the best shoes for the money in this category of running shoe. Beware that you can get cheaper on other retail sites (Nordstrom, Zappos, etc.).", "They fits perfectly and they are so light  and extremly comfortable. Its worth all this money . Also have a decebt grip on grass.", "My son was very happy with this snickers. I am thinking in buying a pair of the same sinkers for me and another for my husband.", "These shoes just keep getting better. I use them primarily for the gym that I go to near my office. The fact that these shoes compress so nicely in my bag that they are perfect for fitting into my daily commute. Very comfortable and long lasting. These also fit true to size.", "Bought these as a gift for my son and he loves them.  They were a great price and fast shipment.", "These are the single best running shoes I have ever owned, I will never buy anything except the Nike Free's.  My last pair lasted 3 years, hundreds and hundreds of miles, multiple races, training, and general use. Not only are these fantastic shoes for running, but they are unbeatable for being on your feet, and they just look great with a good pair of jeans.", "Let me start by saying I'm not a runner, so I use these for the gym & the all-around-beat-arounds. When I first got them I thought Ooo, they're a little bright & maybe too flashy for me...eh. Once I got over that, I have pretty high arches, so once I put them on fitiment & comfort I would say are excellent. Sole design as well as great. I'd imagine they're a great running shoe, but to me running is only good for if you're getting chased...I'm an inline speed skater - easier on the knees & covers more ground.I heeded warnings of others which was on the money. I normally wear an 11 so I bought an 11.5 - perfect fit. They fit btw for my feet, like a glove. Very happy with my purchase", "Years ago, I bought a Nike Free and loved them.  But recent updates to the Free were way too narrow.  Not any more.  This years model is just enough for my wide feet (2E).  It is a smidge snug, but I think it will be fine after a week.  My pinkie also seems to have more wiggle room over the older generation.The other important point is that they run small.  I normally wear an 8 1/2, but needed to go one full size larger to a 9 1/2.Looks great also!", "I have three pairs of the Nike Free 5.0, which I use for training runs and recently wore to race a half- marathon.  They're light, flexible, attractive; and they offer just enough protection on rough roads.", "I haven't bought Nikes in quite some time, but I'm glad I did this time! I've had these for about a month and have no regrets. As most posters have mentioned, they run about a half-size small, so make sure you go try them on somewhere first. The fit is snug, but that's what I expected. They are so light you really do feel like you're running on air. These shoes are for mid-foot strikers. If you're not a mid-foot striker, I suggest purchasing the book &#34;Chi Running,&#34; by Danny Dreyer.", "I was drawn to these shoes becausea.) They look awesomeb.) They're super lightBut after finishing my first half marathon, my toes were hamburger meat.  They come WAY smaller than you'd expect, buy a size bigger AT LEAST.I'd show you pics of my missing toenails but I think you'd be grossed out.I've switched to the Asics GT 2000 and am MUCH happier with how my feet feel.  Yes they're heavier, but the goal is to run as often as possible and the Nike Free's will chew your toes off.", "I had high hopes about these shoes but after wearing them for 1 hour I developed pain in my left foot caused by lumps along the left edge of the inside sole midway.  I could easily feel these lumps by running my index finger along the inside edge of the sole.  I will be immediately returning these shoes because nothing can be done to remedy this defect.", "One of the best shoes from Nike for running, working out, cross fit or just wearing to work. You won't be missed in these..they are bright. Great conversation starter.", "this shoes fit perfectly.  I had to order a size larger than what I normally wear.  Other than that they are good.", "My weight goes between 235 lbs and 250 lbs.  and the shoes are great for walking around my local high school track I`m 6 ft. 2 in. so they take a 60 min beating 5 days a week.............I own 2 pair and highly recommend them. Thanks Amazon for your excellent service on all my many,many orders you have filled.", "Seriously the best shoe I have ever bought! I would buy 15 more pairs if I could! #the bomb .com", "very light, flexible, strong and great design .......just be aware of sizing, you should get a bigger size than usual.", "Nice looking shoe light weight and greatFor working out good pick nice color ifYou like neon green or bright", "My feet are in heaven. Very well cushioned and soft all around. Plus, I never wore sneakers with jeans cause they look awkward and not stylish but this I really like wearing with.", "These shoes were a gift for my son and he loves them. They are perfect  he was extremely happy when the arrived and he put them on. They look great!!!", "My husband and an older pair that he has worn into the ground so he was way overdue for a new pair. He loves these ones just as much. Very happy with purchase. He loves these nice looking, good quality, and lightweight Nike's for everyday wear.", "First pair I bought was fortunately fitted in store and ended up buying a 9.5 instead of my usual 9. After 15 years running on Nikes, first time I bought a different size. Other than the fact that pebbles get stuck in the soles and they scrape against pavement, the feel, weight, flexibility and cushion is optimal. I ran many many Km and even did my first ever 42 Km race with great (shoe) performance. Can't say the shoes helped my time but they certainly didn't hurt it.The shoes didn't collapse of use. They collapsed the day someone (I'm not mentioning names) put them on the dryer and the additional 1/2 number was not enough to slide on my foot. I now have to buy a new pair or run on shoes about 1.5 sizes too small.", "They fit great and weigh next to nothing. The tongue being attached to the sides is a nice touch as it won't move on you. The cushioning while running is great.", "Bought these for my son, matches his base ball jersey, he loved them, once break was over, he wanted to wear them to school but they were too small, he was disappointed.  I wanted to exchange for bigger size, however, they didn't have his size available.", "They're light & feel great! I love to walk & these Nike 5.0 are so comfortable. I tried them on in a shoe store before ordering them on line. The store didn't have my size in the color I wanted, so I ordered them on Amazon. They are about a half size bigger than I usually wear & the salesman said this was common for this shoe. So, if you don't have the opportunity to try them on first as I did, order them at least a half size bigger than you normally wear.", "Just as expectef!! Great fit- Great comfort! Just like I expect the Nike to live uo to.its name !!!!!! !!", "The shipping was alittle slow but overall it was worth it. The shoes are awesome and fit perfectly. The product looks exactly like the picture.", "I recently experienced some knee issues and had to work with a coach to change my gate. After a lifetime of leaning forward and kicking my legs out, transition to a more upright &#34;shuffling gate&#34; has been challenging but very effective in terms of anatomical comfort. It has also allowed me to rely less on heel striking....and thus opened up some new shoe possibilities. I have always liked Nike's fit but have been hesitant to go with a &#34;barefoot&#34; style shoe in the past. I gave these a try and they have been GREAT. Very light weight, but cushioned enough that I feel like I don't need any other shoes. (I am a 10K-ish guy.) I have put about 100 miles on them so far, and they seem to be holding up very well, as they should. When it gets below freezing, I usually leave these at home. Not much fabric, so toes get cold. I ordered my normal size. They are snug, but comfortable. Overall a great shoe.", "Great price, great shoe just as the picture displayed. Only other feedback I think is important for the future buyers of this item is this style of nike shoe does run a bit smaller/ it is worth ordering at least a half size larger to avoid fitting too tightly. Great shoe I love it!", "My husband love he's sneakers. He said it was really good for running and it was really comfortable .. So he was happy with them", "I wear a size 14 and was kind of skeptical on getting these. They fit comfortably, have the legit Nike outerwear, and the insoles are of a lime green color. Feels great to wear. Nothing like Reeboks at all.", "Sporty and clean, but the mesh material is the thinnest I've ever seen from a Nike product. I did a little research after the fact and found that the mesh around the toe box literally rips on both sides after a couple weeks rendering them unwearable, and most people reporting the problem used them as walking shoes. If I spend $90+ on a pair, I expect to be able to wear them for at least a year especially if I don't use them for exercise. I didnt even try them on so Im not sure if they fit true to size. Returning.", "I am a fan of the Nike Vomero line of running issues, they fit me really well and provide a good cushion when running.  I have found that when it comes to running issues, it's a very personal experience, for me these are a great running show.  Good quality too.", "My days of running are over, but my doctor recommended that I find a good quality running shoe for walking.  I went to my local running shoe store for a recommendation, and was fitted for an earlier version of the Nike Zoom Vomero.  It was very comfortable.  Ever since, I have ordered Zoom Vomeros thru a number of generations.  I recently received my Vomero+ 8s, and find them a little more snug in my shoe size than previous versions.  But they still seem comfortable, and don't seem to be causing any problems for my feet.  While the Vomero is expensive, it seems worth the price.  So many other of my shoes cause problems with corns and calluses on my feet, so I can't wear them for extended periods. The Vomero is still the most comfortable for walking.", "These are a little stiffer than I wanted, but they are a great looking shoe and comfortable to run in.", "These were perfect! I bought them for my 13 year old who is flat footed and has to stick to asics.  He wanted to venture out and these fit perfectly!", "I absolutely love this shoe. The fit is very comfortable. It's lightweight enough for me. The style is awesome, I get second looks all the time. I don't run anymore, (bad knees) but they feel very supportive on walks and my feet feel great.", "The shoes are a bit stiff but over all very comfortable. My son wears them more than I do. Lol", "My old Vomero's are wearing out. I bought two pair of ASICS. I retired one pair after 30 miles. The others are about to go too. I'm back to all Nikes.", "Could not be happier with the product, the shippment, and the fit.  The best thing about it is I didnt have to go tot he store!  click and wear!", "My husband runs between 60 and 80 miles a month on average and goes through sneakers / running shoes.  This is the second pair of these we bought on Amazon.  Different color this time since other color wasn't available.  I am giving it 5 stars although he wears a 9.5/10 usually and we had to buy a 10.5 so he had toe room.", "These are classic Nike running shoes that vary slightly year to year, but basically the same shoe.  I love them and they're very comfortable.", "I use these for training and usually run about 20-30 miles a week. These are light, springy, and comfy. The best shoe ive owned!", "This was a Christmas gift for my son, great price and prompt delivery.Box was a little crushed, but did not affect the shoe.", "This a good investment for this shoe, but I've had them for maybe 6 months and the color has started to fade and at the front of the shoe there are creases that stay there even wean you wear them but other than that I think they are a great running shoe  I wear them almost every day except for in the winter love the colors to.", "Love the 5.0 Nike! My favorite pair of Nike shoes! They are a great fit, comfortable and very supportive! I think I will stick with the 5.0 for as long as I can.", "The feeling of the the toe box is great!I love the color and the overall fit!Super duper and great!", "I liked this color and style so much when I purchased the shoes last year that I bought a second pair! Nike shoes are the running shoes that fit me the best.", "Love these shoes! My only (minimal) complaint is that the treads are wide enough that I get acorns/rocks stuck in between when I'm out running or walking my dog. Nothing to be too picky about, but never had to deal with this with a shoe before. Just makes it annoying when you can feel it with your running strike or if they get tracked into the house. Overall happy with the shoes -- very comfortable and nice options of colors offered!", "The running shoes was indeed a good gift for my daughter who loves to go running and trekking the New York parks and places of interest with her new husband. Great product, as always!", "My girl friend bought these for Christmas. She really likes it. Light weight, looks good on her feet. She usually does not run, but she started running now and she says that these shoes are great for running as well as walking. We cannot predict the durability of these shoes at the moment as the sole of the shoe is made from a very light material and only time will tell that.", "I am not a sneaker person. But I must say is the best sneaker I ever bought. Very light and comfortable.  I can go for miles without skipping a beat. I think I am going to buy two more pairs just in case they decided to discontinue this brand. Because every time I fall in love with a product it's sold out or no longer making it.", "This was a gift for my daughter and I've received no complaints. Based on that information, I am inclined to believe that the shoe is a great shoe. Thanks!", "Glad I got these! Fit is light and flexible and the shoe is functional yet trendy. Highly recommend for those with narrow feet!", "I would love this shoe if it wasn't so big! It feels more like a size 8 than a 7.5. Every other Nike I have bought I always got as a 7.5, even a version of this one but they never felt so large.", "First pair of nike's! Love just simply walking in these! So comfortable! Fits true to size for me! Great Purchase!", "They are very comfortable. I have not went running in them yet. But I love the way they feel. I would definitely buy again", "First off I got these in two days which was awesome! They fit perfectly...not too snug or too lose. The colors are vibrant and super cute and match my Nike workout clothes exactly.Buy these sneakers...you won't regret it!", "I have never had a Nike shoe, they always seemed to run small, and I never wanted to buy a 10! So, when I tried these I was shocked that a 9 fit just right. I ran in thee for the last 6 months, not everyday but, about every other day. They are worn on the inside, but not outside. the color is still very bright. I like a little more cushion, so I do use inserts with these. Still a great shoe. I probably should have traded them out a month ago. 6 mo. is too long.", "Have been wearing Nikes for decades. These fit and look as expected. However, the soles are very slippery--prohibitively so on a typical gym floor.", "I haven't purchased nike in a while.  So I wasn't sure how I was going to like these. However my son bought some for basic training and loved them. As soon as I put them on, I noticed that they were light and the foot bed was very comfortable.  I love the laces. They stay tied.", "I love the shoe, this sneaker is the first sneaker I have had that has felt great to put on, despite the fact that it's a narrow shoe. I know i have wide feet I have had this problem all my life. So it's great that this shoe fits me. But I can tell it would be better for me if it was a little more wide. But I would buy them again because they do fit great and it's barely noticeable at all that it's not made for a wide foot.", "I love the colors and delivery was great quick. I just wish the grip on bottom was better. I have wide feet and still fit great", "Needed new shoes for exercising and these were the best ones to pick. It is very comfortable and great for running,  walking, and climbing. Love these and definitely recommend. :)", "I bought these shoes primarily for a week long trip to Disneyland.  I planned to wear them every day, and if you've been to Disneyland, you know that means walking and standing for hours so great shoes a a necessity.  I buy at least one new pair of Nikes every year and knew the size I wanted - Nike came through for me again with consistent sizing.  The mesh on the upper is great because it's totally flexible and breathable and when my daughter spilled her water bottle on my feet, the shoes dried with in minutes.  The cushioning wasn't overly soft - which I've found fatigues my feet after a long day - and the support was very comfortable all day.  The light weight was also a welcome change over the bulkier Sketchers Walking Shoes I choose for my previous Disneyland trip.  Now that I'm back home I wear these for running, walking and general use (lots of house cleaning).  I still love them!", "I have previously purchased the Nike size 7 and these also fit very well. Haven't had a chance to work out in them yet but am looking forward to it. They are comfortable and so far seem to provide sufficient support.", "The shoes are very lightweight and comfortable and stylish. It does make me look short though. I like it, good buy.", "I had bought these for a nephew who had been looking for new shoes in white, he was estatic when he opened this on Christmas, he wears them and says they are comfortable.They are as described and arrived sooner than expected. Thanks", "I bought these for my daughter, well she wore them & they gave her bad blisters on her heels,  so I thought well they must be a lil small for her, well i decided to wear them due to we wear the same size, well i wore them to the mall to shop & i was on my feet for a hour or so & my heels started hurting bad & i had some serious bloody blisters! I was very disapointed due to i had to buy some different shoes why i was in the mall or i would have never finished, my feet hurt so bad! Sad thing these are women's running shoes & there is no way anyone could leave these on longer than a hour or even that!", "(I bought these in store)I bought these for cross country, and since i've been running for only a year, I didn't know how to find a good quality shoe. I broke the shoes in by walking and a little bit of running, and they still don't feel very comfortable. They are quite heavy during for a 4k, so i had to wear my new balance shoes from last year. I got really bad blisters the first day wearing them. My heels were bleeding really bad by the end of practice so I stopped wearing these for about a month. They are not flexible. These are the first pair of Nikes i've purchased so i don't know how the fit is. It's easy to get blood out of the back of it, so that's a pro.", "I bought these because I've started jogging and they give great support.  I love the color and get lots of compliments on them.", "I love the model, the contrast of colors and very comfortableUndoubtedly nike is nike, these shoes are too much comfortable do not tire my feet, I am fascinated by the combination of the colors", "The shoes are very nice looking.  However, they are a bit small, which is disappointing, as I typically am able to very comfortably wear a size 9.", "I would recommend this shoe to anyone who does a lot of walking and running like I do.  It is very comfortable and has great support.  The reason I choose it first was because of the price and second because of the look but I'm glad I did choose it because it really does help with support and balance.", "They were fine, did what I needed them to do. But I had to cut out some of the sole, it was hurting the side of my foot. I've had them a few months (I run and walk outside, do treadmill and elliptical inside) and they're on their way out already. The K Swiss fit me better.", "I have 4 pairs of Nikes and always wear the same size but for some odd reason these are too small. Very disappointing.", "A good fit and comfortable. Work out and run in these shoes comfortable with good support. Love the splash of color on the white.", "really nice shoes, good to play to make fast moves and confortable to go to the college or just go out with friends", "is perfect, beautiful.. the quality is good and very confortable.. and the price is the most important.. i recomend this shoes", "This shoe is awesome!  I wear them playing ultimate frisbee on normal grass.  It has done very well on dry grass as well as wet grass, which is exactly what I needed.  The molds are great and provide awesome grip to the surface.  They are extremely lightweight and fit well.  I would recommend this shoe 100%!", "I bought these to replace an old pair of Nike boots that were great and had lasted well. These are TERRIBLE.  Whilst the replacement size was the same, the fit is all wrong. They offer NO toe padding and are really tight, so as soon as you play your feet get bruised (one toenail has come off). They are loose round the ankle and feel really cheap. Avoid....buy a decent pair from Addidas or someone else!", "Good looking casual shoes... perfect size... the grey and off grey color goes good with most color clashes... strong wear and tear and has not started fading or chipping...", "I got my 5.0s after reading many reviews and trying them in the shop I knew the perfect size for me.I've been wearing those everyday when I go out, University, GYM, beach, you name it.Those didn't come with the Nike + chip though because they aren't actually Nike 5.0", "I give these 3 and a half stars. I really wanted the vented nike's I fell in love with at the sun valley mall in Concord, California. But I bought these because I couldn't find another pair like that online until last night. I've had these shoes for about 2-3 months and they hold up ok. They are tough. But I hate that they aren't vented. I swet a lot and there are salt stains near the toe. Also some of the fabric is fraying already and for 90$ shoes that's just not acceptable. Poor build quality on these models not sure what they were really thinking.", "Worst running shoes ever purchased. Feels like I was running with rocks on my feet. They will work for everyday shoes.", "Buy a half size up.  Nike run a bit narrow.  I wear this whenever I do HIIT and cardio.  It has the right amount of support and is very light.  I also love the color!.In a pinch...if your forget your Reebok Nano's, these will work for your WOD.", "Fit perfect after reading reviews that they ran small.  Ordered half size bigger.  Stylish and comfortable.  He wears them with jeans or nice slacks.", "I thought I would be able to use a Nike+ chip with this model, Great shoes anyways.I just found out that Nike+ shoe styles have a '+' in the style name.", "Not really a typical Nike shoe. The fit is weird and the sole isn't comfortable. I might need to get a smaller size but I still don't think it will fit like I want it to. The sole is ribbed and not a soft cushioned sole.", "These shoes must be fake. They came without a sole. Had them for a few months and letterin is already coming off and stitches are coming undone. Very uncomfortable also.", "The shoes shipped quickly but were more loose than expected.  Not very comfortable to wear but they look nice on my feet.", "When I wear  these shoes I feel soo comfortable . They are perfect for walk around the block or go with my son to the park", "Slightly on the large side, but I like some wiggle room in my shoes, so I am very happy with the fit and the looks of it.Compared to other thongs, it is more comfortable to walk on as it has a slightly elevated bottom with a shape that fits the shape of a foot.I only wish the inner sole had some other more natural material like cotton or thin leather, rather than plastic.", "Bought for my wife for a gift and she liked them a lot but got dirty and wet pretty easy!", "This is the cutest outfit ever! My brothers baby is about 11 lbs and this fit him perfect!!! I love it!!", "I got this for a friend who was expecting and everything fit perfect and was so cute on the little one, recommend this seller.", "super cute. Bought three of these for my girls for soccer season. They have used them for every practice and game. Light weight and plenty of room for shin guards, cleats, ball , water and sweatshirt and more!", "As a for your information this is a UK company. Buyer beware if the package does not show up - you may not have much recourse.", "I had actually purchased these shoes from this seller. It was the only size 12 i could find at the time. I read the only other review for these so i decided to write own. The shoes arrived just as ordered, the expected delivery date was pretty far out, like over a month away, but they actually came in about 2-3 weeks. If i was looking for another pair of shoes and this store had them i would buy from them again.", "I bought this shoes for my gym trainer and he looks happy with it . he says its perfect fit .", "I expected them to be normal basketball shoes, but on the side it says &#34;for outdoor use&#34;. they are really great shoes but I didn't know they were outdoor shoes.", "nice shoes, good performance, and nice air max tech. But little uncomfortable for the feet, but after all, it's a good shoe.", "My son will likely outgrow these by the end of the summer, but these shoes are well worth the price for an active 13 year old.  There are other more expensive models of this shoe, but he really found these model to fit and feel best.  Great buy for a great product.", "Good shoe for the money, but the sizing is much smaller than I expected for a Nike. It's almost too tight to wear.", "This Nike Free Trainer is the most comfortable training shoe I have ever worn.Once on they fit like they were molded to my foot.I have since purchased a second pair and will purchase more.", "really very nice shoes, to the point that it can be used both men and women without any problems thanks", "I love the fit. Didn't know that the front of the shoe was reflective. But all in all, great sneaker.", "reliable sellerfootwear is as expectedexcellent customer responseVery comfortable shoesvery light and softthe color is more fluor than i spect but is greate", "Best shoes I've squatted heavy in that arent lifting shoes. Excellent stability for running through terrain as well. Fit as expected", "These shoes look and feel great! My wife bought me these shoes as a gift, and was amazed at how comfortable they were. No breaking in required.", "I bought these shoes for my son and I wish I could steal them from him.  So comfy and cool looking.", "Very comfortable.  Two of my sons got this shoe, just in different colors .  You need to order a half size up from normal size.  Four stars because one day of throwing the baseball, and the front surface of one shoe was getting rubbed off a bit from  &#34;pitcher's toe.&#34;  Nice looking shoe.", "They feel like I'm wearing slippers. I use them for resistance and cardio and can't complain. They may not be ideal if you are doing heavy squats or deadlifts but for everything else the are great.", "These are my new favorite workout show! Lightweight & great support. Also shoes really are cool looking. Great for street running or the gym.", "Nothing against the shoe, but I personally will change the insoles&#8230;I think they would kill my feet standing in these too long!", "These were a Christmas gift for my son. They are true to size and look great. He selected them, and was very pleased when he actually got them.", "I already have these in black/red but love them so much I sprung for this color as well.  Best...shoes...ever!  Don't know about others but I wear 1/2 size larger in these than most other shoes.  They seem to run a tad small so you may wanna try on a pair at a foot locker somewhere before committing to them online", "They it great.  They look cool.  Shipping as awesome.  I love Nike and the new styles they bring to the table", "I picked up these shoes before and I ordered size 10.5 but I had to send them back from another site.I wanted to get a size bigger but they had no 11.5\"s I picked these up from amazon.Quick shipping and they feel great.If you buy these shoes I would tell you to get 1 size bigger.", "Excellent running shoes. They'r great, comfprtable and they fir perfect. It says that they are for training but you can use them for training or even racing (when you compete).", "My son found these locally, and loved them.  My husband really liked them, so I had to order him some.  The price here was the same as local, but I did get free shipping via Amazon Prime.  Great shoe.  They both said the fit is amazingly comfortable, and may look for a 2nd pair.  Color is sweet!", "LIKE THE COLOR  AND VERY FAST SHIPPING.... LOVE IT. MY SIZE IS 8.5  I WILL EXCHANGE IT TO SIZE 9 CAUSE IT RUN SMALL. MANY THANKS TO THE SALLER....HOPE TO CONSIDER MY REQUEST", "I recently purchased a pair of these shoes.  The shoes have a snug fit but, because of design, are a little hard to put on.  The shoe is essentially a soft slipper which is anchored inside a flexible shell with a tough tread.  All of this is good.  The problem for me is that this is a slip-on shoe with shoelaces, meaning there is no tongue or flap on top to loosen the shoe so you can stick your feet in.  You almost need a shoe horn for an athletic shoe, which is a little weird.Overall, it is a nice product.  But design modifications are required to make it easier to put on.  Nike must make a decision:  Is this a slip-on or lace-up product?  In my opinion, it can't be both.", "Lightweight, stable, comfortable. Exactly what I wanted and expected. Highly recommended. They are kind of tough to get on the first couple times until you get used to the fact that there's no tongue, but it doesn't take long to get used to.", "These shoes are the best training shoes I've had. They offer great support for strenuous workouts, and are also very comfortable for an everyday wear.", "Very good product. Soft, comfy and bright. As Good as I expected :) very happy customer. I already use them to run and were more comfortable than my old nikes too :-)", "Ordered the shoes went on vacation for two weeks got home and shoes were to small I tried to make them work but still to small.", "these are great kicks they pop great eye catcher def recommend them. not so much for sports thoug there kinda bulky but just right for chillen", "Too narrow near front of shoe; toes cramped. Need to return item maybe longer size will fit, but length seems ok.", "I bought thes shoes for my sons birthday and the 3rd day he had them the toe riped out and the shoes was no good I never had a problem with nike shoes and have been wearing them myself most my life and same as my kids I will not be buying them again for my family off this sit!!", "Very lightweight and comfortable shows. Have pretty good support too.  Breathe well and have nice cushion.  Might be a little loose in heel for some folks.  Very flexible soles and good traction.", "These shoes are great for running! I have Flat feet and running usually hurts but with these my arches don't hurt anymore! I love them so much! And I love that they came with black shoes laces AND with a white set as well!", "My daughter wears Nike a lot because the wider toebox is a good fit for her. However, these were tighter fitting and although she could have worn them with just socks for a &#34;perfect&#34; fit, they were too tight with her ankle braces.", "The socks fit well and are very comfortable.  Good to run and work out in aswell.  Love the Nike Elite Socks.", "I ordered this product at the beginning of December as a gift for my niece and I was told I would have it the week before Christmas.  I did not get them and called to inquire on Dec. 24th and was told they would be shipped again at no cost.  I still do not have the darn things so am giving up!", "They look great! So many compliments! They are a great value at the price I got them, have yet to see anyone else in NY with these particular ones!", "I am size 10 and these feel like size 12, but they do look really good, good for pretty much anything whether its running, gym or just walking", "Bought these for my son.  They are well made and he says that they are quite comfortable.  He's very happy with them.", "Hi guys!I am very happy!This product is very good.It fit as I expected and it is very comfortable.Thank you very much!Charlie.", "Size runs small. had to remove the padded sole, now they fit comfortably. Would suggest ordering a half size larger for comfort.", "Shipped this one to my son in Italy.  He loved the light-weight and the comfortable fit. Great  colorful, sight-seeing shoe!", "they were for my son , and he likes them a lot, he says they are confortable. And best of all they were at a great price", "These are perfect for walking around or wearing out on the town. I have flat feet and normally can't wear these type of shoes, but the Rukus have a reasonable amount of support.", "I was looking for the grey color, but when my son saw the blue version, he didn't think twice..It was a great buy, this sneaker is very comfortable and has a great quality! I always liked Nike shoes and this one didn't disappointed us!! Very happy!", "Just love them. I recommend it. And Nike does it again, super comfortable and slick kicks.Perfect fit, and stylish too", "Color is more pink than &#34;atomic red&#34;.  Comfortable though.  Price was good enough to entice the buy but wish the color explanation was more accurate.", "I bought this shoes for my friend he loved it, it is confortable and nice, I can recommend it for any person", "It is what it says in the description of the product and it arrived perfectly on time. You can buy it with no doubt.", "I would recommend these shoes - a great value and excellent shoes.  This is the second pair I bought - the first I bought at a shoe store and paid much more.  These fit well and seem to support my ankles and knees well.", "Bought these as a gift for the family athlete and she loves them.Will be buying more for her as she needs them.", "Received before actual  delivery date, so I was happy  about that. The size was a little smaller than i expected.  The logo had threads missing. This is just seems like a Nike brand that did not pass the quality inspection.", "He had seen these shoes a while back and sent me the link as part of his Christmas want list. He's 30 and he loves them!", "This is a genuine Nike shoe and is great quality.  I buy this style for my husband every year, and this year he said these are slightly different, its a little bit cooler because it has the mesh part in the middle.", "This is great shoe design looks great.  However the comfort of the sole is aweful.  Nike can do way better with sole comfort, and they missed the mark by a train length on this one.", "i bought an extra pair the day they came.  i loved them so much.  never wore a shoe so comfortable and also ones that look as badass as these do.  great looking and the ladies always compliment them.", "amazing shoes, not heavy, not give heat, are super comfortable Nike gives everything on these shoes are much grip and control on the trot, remember to order half size up for better comfort", "Great looking shoe for an even better price.  Shoes are very comfortable and did I mention they look great.  A must have.", "Great product I'm satisfied with the shoes they are very comfortable and I truly would like to thank you all!!", "Excellent article, I arrive on time, recommended to have more variety in sizes. I am very satisfied and would recommend to my friends to buy in your store", "fue un producto en perfectas condicion, el envio fue como lo acordado y estoy muy satisfecho con los zapatos, es muy bueno comprar con ustedes", "This Tracksuit is great for those days you need to go out and about, but don't want to be comfortable. May want to order up a size cause it does fit a little tight.", "I bought these as a gift for my daughter.  She loved how soft and comfortable they were.  I hink she will get a lot of use out of this outfit.", "i havent tried it so i wouldn't know how it would look or feel.i bought it as a christmas present", "Style is great. walking with them are always a pleasure on the Feet .. thanks ! :) I Recommend these to all who have a back problem. I could say one thing it helps lesson the back pain.", "xmas gift for my little girl, I know she will love it I also have few lebron sneakers and I love them", "The shoes are better than the Jordan 10 because they are awesome !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!!", "They have great ankle support and cushion.  They have amazing air support and the shoe is stylish.  Money well spent!", "nike lebron are nice and comfortable they look good and they were what i exped i love them .. hi", "I ordered the medium size. What I received was labeked \"M\", but was, instead, Large. I returned the item at my expense and was reimbursed for the price and for only one shipping, not for  the return shipping. Ah, well. As the ancient Romans would say, \"Caveat emptor\".", "This was exactly as advertized.  A great track suit in a pleasing color combination. Very comfortable for lounging or warming up.", "I am in LOVE with these shoes!!! Thay are even cuter in person!!! They do run about a half size bigger but but if you're a nike dunks fan then you should already know that!", "Got them for a gift for my best friend she absolutely fell in love with them. Totally recommend them to anyone.", "I exercise at a X-fit gym and wanted something that would keep me back on my heels when I lift weights. These are minimally angled toward the front, so they suit my purpose well. One word of caution. These shoes come from the UK, but they arrived quite quickly despite the longer &#34;listed delivery time&#34;.", "I bought these shoes for casual wear.  They are lightweight and comfortable.  They look very sharp and stylish, but are also conventional as everyday shoes.The only issue that I have found so far is that they can get dirty easily, but that is to be expected with any white shoe.", "I bought these shoes for regular everyday, and they fit perfectly. They have a nice snug fit, so if you don't like that then go a half size larger.They do ship from the UK so shipping did take a little longer. For me it was 8 days including the weekend, but it was worth it.I highly recommend these shoes and this seller.", "I guess this shoe was a good fit.  It's what my grandson wanted and apparently wears daily. He seems quite happy with this shoe.", "She loves them and tells me they are great and stylish. If shes happy I am happy! A bit bright for my tastes, but I am told thats how they are supposed to be!", "What can you say about socks?  They are comfortable, and appear to be good quality.  A nice summer pair of socks.", "They're Great, Exactly what I wanted, the colors and size were perfect as it was in the picture and description. Awesome.", "It is hard for me to find this size here in town and I love how they fit on my daughter", "These were on her wish list for Christmas in the high top style.  I chose the low because of the price and she loves them!", "I bought these kinda hoping they would be a little more comfy than they actually are. They literally have no cushion in them and seem like its gonna take some breaking in before they become less \"stiff\". Other than that, the color is dead on as the photo above. I really like the leopard print and im so glad i bought them.", "the shoes seemed compfortable at first. after about 5-6 days my hamstrings in both legs began to ache really bad and non stop. then it traveled up into my butt both sides. i gave them a break for a few days and the pains diminished. then began wearing them again , the pains came back , i guess theses just arent for me", "My son loves them.  They fit perfect and look great.  I wasn't sure about buying shoes he had not tried on,but he loves them.", "Nice well made Nike shirt, the soft hands really come in handy when it is frigid out there.  A staple in my cold weather runner wardrobe!", "They fit great right out of the box and they look so cool.  I have been getting great compliments on them as well.  I was actually considering buying a back up pair for when my current pair wears down.  Yes, I think they are that cool!", "I give this a 5 star rating because my nephew luvd them.  He was interested in some other sandals before ,but we saw these and he liked them.  When we received them he was very happy with his gift!!", "This is a product review. I got the black large jacket even though I typically wear XL tops because I planned on this being used as an under-layer and I do exactly that. It is a tight fit, but doesn't restrict movement in my shoulders like I feared it may when I ride my bike to work early in the morning when it is typically around 30 degrees this time of year. I haven't gotten the opportunity to test it's water resistance, but it has been very wind resistant. It isn't very long so if you like to tuck your layers in, make sure you have something longer, but in terms of warmth this compensates for a much larger thicker jacket. It's very attractive and also doesn't make it seem like you have a large stomach like some other similar products. It is relatively form fitting. Recommended.", "This is my favorite running jacket. Bar none. Slotted thumb holes and extra material to keep my hands warm. Top of the line material to dry fast and keep me comfortable and great in the cold.I wear this in temps down to 40. Add an additional long sleeve layer under it below there and I'm never cold.I also wear this when not running because its comfortable.", "NOT ONLY DO THESE SHOES KEEP MY FEET DRY BUT ALSO WARM!! I'M LOVING THEM. THEY ALSO HAVE A NICE, WIDE TOE BOX THAT IS GREATLY APPRECIATED.", "After years of using cross-trainers to play tennis, and suffering from every imaginable foot discomfort, I finally invested in actual court shoes. What a difference! This style of shoe perfectly supported my feet so that my tendons and ligaments did not over absorb the stresses of sudden stop and go movements. My only concern is that the lace loops are not durable. After six months of use, some of the loops on two pairs I bought came apart. I won't buy another pair until this flaw is corrected. Otherwise, it's a well designed shoe for its purpose. If it's good enough for Rafael Nadal, its good, but not perfect.", "I bought these for my grandson at Christmas, and he just loved them. Beautiful, quality, and exactly as pictured. Very happy with my purchase! And I didn't have to run to the Mall! I love shopping with amazon!", "Well The Package Came 2 days before said,i am very Sttisfied with the shoe but i am not sure if theses are realbut over all i think that this was a very good purchase", "The shoes came in perfect condition all the way to the actual box. They color way is a must have if you like the stealth look. The shoes are really comfortable also, I get a lot of compliments when I wear them in the gym.", "I like these and I really want them because I need them for my basketball team Color also and I'm a pretty good baller.", "The shoes are perfect. Have a pair of bright yellow ones and these are a perfect compliment. I'm thinking of wearing 1 yellow and 1 green! kidding. Actually, I do a lot of running and these shoes are comfortable and light. The distributor delivered these on time and they were exactly what I expected. Good shoes.", "The jacket was the right size an color but it has 3 big holes in the shoulder side, I am going to return it back to the seller.", "I purchased this hoodie, for my Granddaughter.  The color pink, which I ordered, is true to the picture.  It is soft, well made and my Granddaughter loves it.  It has not been washed yet, so I do not know for sure, but from the quality of the material, I would say it will hold up well.  On the color changing, I do not know.", "I bought this for my son. It fits well and suited the current style, weight, and versatility was perfect for him.", "As long as my son is happy I'm happy.It looks bigger in the picture.My son is 16 300lbs 6'2'' tall.", "They are light and comfortable and they improved my start times. I am now a cheetah with bright blue feet.", "Nike Element Thermal Half-Zip Long Sleeve Running Top - Large -got it for a xmas gift  they seem to like it", "Fits a little snug, so u might want to consider getting a half size bigger. Its okay, I feel the i95 foam posite boot is a better value for the money if you catch them on sale.", "Very comfortable and long lasting.  Bought this as a 2nd pair since they seemed to stop making this style.  Buy now before they are gone.", "Washes well..fits perfect, true to size no extra room. Great fabric for travelling. No ironing needed great color and bi ld white trim.", "As a loyal Nike running shoe customer, I actually found this shoe to not be well suited for the rigors of racing or training. The stitching and seams toward the outer part of the toe box didn't hold up well. The outer part of the left shoe actually ripped for no apparent reason. I contacted the company who sold me them (in the UK) and was told I would need to send it back for review. I was hoping for a better customer service response. I purchased two pair, and now stuck with one pair that is ripped and one pair I'm not certain I'll use.", "My son put on these wonderful looking shoes. After 3 days of wearing, the white fabric that sits on top of the plastic insole rolled/curled up on both shoes.  As a result, it costs friction on the arches - hot spots.  The bundled lump however small keeps rubbing against the arches.  I think it is due to bad design.", "I ordered this jacket for my runs in the morning as its nice and bright and very comfortable. I ordered an XL cause I usually wear layers when running. If you like a more fitted look I'd suggest and large. good material and quality and comfort. The seller was great and got the jacket really fast. I'd definitely order from them again :)", "The package actually came a day before it's estimated delivery date and I loved that I could track my package since I am so impatient. Fits great! I got a size 6.5 and it's true to size and so are the colors. The laces was already tied when I opened the box so I had to loosen them a bit before I could put them on, but not to bad.I would recommend these shoes and the seller was fast and amazing!", "I got a green sleeved shirt instead of a black one!! please send me the black shirt i wanted. I will send back the green sleeve one.", "This vest gives you a cool space age look.  I actually wore this to a masquerade party and people kept taking pictures.  They were amazed at how my vest reflected back the light like a flash bulb.  I use my vest when cycling or running at night.  I feel much safer knowing that motorists can see me long before they pass me.  I have found the vest to be waterproof as well.Nike Flash Reversible Running Gilet", "The color was advertised as red but was actually maroon when it arrived.  The shoes were fine, but again, we're the wrong color.", "Snug fit. Great support. Love them. Worth the money. All black color scheme looks great. Get yourself a pair. THE BEST!", "The shoes are great, wish there was notice they came from the UK before ordering though. Needed to have them shipped sooner and would have chosen a different vendor if I had known.", "Ok, so lets say at you have a scale of 1-10 on how great these sneakers are. I would give these shoes a 10 out of 10 because they are nice", "Love the packaging, the color and it was a fast turn-around from purchase to delivery.  Although I wish there were more color options I am glad I picked the blue and white.", "It's very cool and not that expensive, and I like it very much. I like the color. when I wear it  I am comfortable", "I like it very much. Color is so unique. It attracts eyeballs trust me. Its pricy, but worth it honestly", "i was satisfied when i received these shoes thats why i rated it with 5 stars i would recommend this to every one", "Very well made.  Soft and substantial.  Not a cheap looking or feeling pair of booties.  Hope to find these in many more colors.", "Patent leather so it doesnt crease.  Nice color although odd some might say.  Very comfortable but need some wears to break in.  Easy to clean also.  Buy extra if you can.  Authentic merchandise from this seller.", "This is the one thing that bothers me about ordering online. You don't really know what you are buying before you pay (the colors are different, the fit, etc). This hoody was advertised as red but when I received it it was a dark red. It's fine for me because I like the color but if someone else didn't they probably wouldn't be happy & I can understand why.", "My son said it was very comfortable. I have washed it several times and it comes out great every time.", "I was totally surprised with this purchase.  I had not purchased shoes or sneaks online before this pair. These are true to size,  really great looking...and, the most comfortable, lightweight sneaker I  have ever had in my life...  They seem well made and durable.  I am very pleased with this purchase.", "I GOT THESE FOR MY BRO HE LOVED THEM NIKE MAKES A GREAT SHOE HE PLAYS BALL IN THEM EVERY DAY", "I had a pair almost identical to these \"back in the day.\"  I loved them then and I love them now!", "Traditionally, every year, I buy my Mom a new pair of sneakers. She's stuck on white, ONLY! I have had a several pair of Nike Shox and decided to venture out from her typical walk/run, boring, plain shoes for this pair and she fell in love with them...not to mention they have her &#34;Raven's Purple&#34; on the shox that may have added to her accepting them!", "bought these for my niece for christmasshe just loves nike shox and this pair was just the perfect look for hershe greatly enjoyed them", "My son was thrilled with this jacket.  Its two tone with the back as dark grey.  Would be good to show backview since its so sharp looking.  Unsure why they said it wouldnt be delivered until the 26th since it came within two weeks of ordering it  ( by dec 10). Great gift for any 20 +year old.", "They are better than i espected them. They look great!! Thet fit great My son loved them!!! he wears them all time", "Everything was as expected. Heard great reviews on this shoe so i had to buy them. Ive worn them 3 times playing ball, each time was great. Minimal slippage and great traction... They do however hurt my big toe and the heel lock is not as well as some other shoes but it really isnt that game changing. Overall a A- for the shoe, as for the buy.. I give the buy a A++.", "I like these shoes, and the FREE series are some of my favorites from Nike. The only issue I have with these is that they say black, but they look navy blue.  I needed all black shoes for my job (I'm a valet, hence the need for running shoes) so I gave these a try.  They are great shoes and are very sturdy.  The sole on the trail version will last longer than that of the standard version.  Good shoes, bad color description.", "I'm a pretty avid runner, i do about 30 miles a week, but i also have wide feet, the nike Frees 2+ were fantastic because of the wide base, however; the nike free powerlines are a bit narrow in the front compared to the old style frees, hence the 4 stars.", "I love these socks. My little boy is 19 months and his cowboy boots were rubbing the inside of his calves, and it was hard to find little boys socks that go over the calf. They fit great and the quality is exellent.", "We have used Nike products for years but I have to say the quality of these socks is so lacking. Within one wear they are beaded up and look dingy. I have tried washing in different products and still the same. Not a product we will purchase again.", "Socks are good quality. My daughter says they are comfortable. Likes the much more than the adidas ones I also purchased.", "I used a stretcher for a few hours to stretch out the binding rubber around the shoe.It feels good and looks good. Now, I just have to use it a few times to justify its purchsase.", "cover all my expectationsi liked it so muchis better than of others similar shoesmake the work good", "GREAT COLOR STYLE, ALL EYES ON ME IN THE STREETS, GOT IT A HEAD OF TIME= NOBODY HAS THIS IN MY HOOD, SO IM ALL GOOD..", "Muito bom Tenis, original e muito bom bonito, chegou no prazo informado, satisfeito e recomendo! Nada a reclamar ento, ok!", "I've bought this Nike Shox based on previous experiences with this brand and model. Unfortunately the one described in this review does not fit s well, thus, I do not feel so comfortable as when using other nike shox I have previously bought.", "The color scheme is a little wild but the fit is good and they are comfortable to casually wear to work or on errands.  The tongue is not very wide so if you have wide feet this may have a gap.  Seems waterproof enough to wear in the rain.", "This was a Christmas gift for my son who plays alot of tennis and this watch is an excellent &#34;sports&#34; watch.  It actually looks better in person than online.  I was very pleased and so is he!  Would recommend highly.", "I absolutely love these trendy leopard print Nike ...they are about a half size large however but I'm ok with it...I get MANY compliments on them and I am very pleased overall", "I ordered these shoes for my daughter for Christmas.  When the shoes came they appeared almost dirty and worn looking and I had intentions of sending them back, however I dusted them off a bit with a toothbrush and my daughter really like them so we are going to keep them.  I also saw them later online at a reputable shoe store for thirty dollars less so buyer beware!", "Love these socks that let my son's feet breath.  They seem to b very durable and have held up well.", "It is more comfortable than I expected and the sizing info is very accurate. It looks  exactly like  what you see on the site. Product is awesome . I love the fact that I got a ladies air max with the bubble at the bottom of the shoe always wanted one like that finally got it. The colors looks great .", "I got these as a Christmas present for my 14 yr old daughter & they are so cute! I paid for expedited shipping to ensure delivery before Christmas but I probably didn't have to as they came sooner than I thought they would. Also, there were clear return instructions in the box in case they didn't fit but we're so glad they do! Decent price for Jordans too.", "Very little stock. Finally found a pair of shoes for my grandson. It was shipped to somebody else. No more in stock. A sad Christmas", "The color in the pictures look more aqua to me than what is actually on the shoes. It's definitely more green than aqua, but still a really slick looking shoe. True to size and casual. I actually ordered these from DrJays online for cheaper than anywhere else!", "You can't buy this version (v4) anymore. They are incredibly light and tough but most of all pliable. Wearing these shoes reminds me of being in slippers.", "Sneakers came quick and 100% authentic and real!! Wanted them for so long and the price was perfect. These are must haves!!", "these are the best sneakers I got in a long to I'm a big Jordan fan but I  want more.", "My neice was really happy with the shoes. They met my expectations. Very stylish and she says it's comfortable. So we are both happy.", "They r not what they are meant to be and I believe that they are knock offs I have worn Nike's all my life and these were not a genuine Nike no way", "these nike air max shoes was a christmas gift for my son.they fit very well.he really likes the fit and the style..he works out alot so this shoe is perfect for his needs.nike has always been his favorite athletic shoe. once again thanks amazon.", "Standing in the crowd is something else from standing above the crowd. These Nike are among the best chukkas any young guy can stand out in. They are uniquely structured and fit perfect. They are very light and it might give you a tendency to run. Overall, they are sturdy shoes and fit for the price.Shipping was great and they arrived on time.", "Another pair of my son favorite shoes,,,he likes these too, he loves the color and they are good for sports", "The delivery was quick and painless. However the product itself looks nothing like the picture. What I received was multi-colored, not one solid color like the pictured, which was what I really wanted.", "The Nike Lacrosse sweatshirt is perfect! Came a day earlier than predicted & is high quality!  It is easy to clean & the sizing was as noted!", "Very stylish and fits will. surprisingly more durable then you think. The color is also a deep nice red. Highly recommended. +fast shipping :) thanks", "Great comfortable shoe for basketball, fits and performs well right out of the box. I have no complaints with this product.", "BROUGHT AS X-MAS PRESENT FOR MY GOD CHILD PLAYING BASKET BALL AT CYP GYM ON WEEKENDS IN LOCAL CATHOLIC PARISH", "I bought a half size larger than what my son wears, just to get some use out of them, and they are a bit bigger than expected...not so big that he can't wear them-thankfully!  Like any other Nike product that I've bought, they are well made and are exactly what we ordered.", "great, just as expected. since i have amazon prime it came in 2 days in perfect condition. also comes with grey laces or an aditional black laces. runs a bit small and feels hard though. so i need to break them in. i have gotten a lot of compliments and i only wore them once.", "I am a loyal Nike fan and typically wear a medium.  The mid-section was a bit tighter than I like, but the side panels have enough shirring that it doesn't look skin-tight. Perfect sleeve and body length. The dusty purple is a nice alternative to the current neon trend. This top is definitely for cooler weather-its thicker and has a nice fuzzy lining.", "I only wish I could play ball in them, but from another perspective, im simply a chassis shop worker for 12 years that's never found a shoe (other than the zig, less durable) to have this level of immidiate and lasting comfort, right out of the box, as if they're already broken in. I'm on my feet at least 8 hours a day (concrete), 5 days a week and these shoes just do it. They last a solid 4 months, 6 or more if need be stuff some new insoles..  anyway, can't say enough about them, OTHER than I never pay over a hundred for them, which also means I haven't purchased from amazon YET. and I don't know what Ill do if they discontinue / or I can't get them any longer.", "These are good looking shoes and my son loves them...I would have given a 5 star rating if they ran true to size but, they do run about a size bigger.", "These boots look nice but they're made of cheap rubber.I went to foot locker and they had them so I touched them and tried them on to see if it was me but I was  so disappointed because I was correct..Don't buy these boots there fake...", "I would have to say I'm pleased with the sunglasses. They're pretty expensive but they are namebrand Nikes so I guess that kind of goes with the territory. I use these for running and they do seem to keep the wind out of my eyes pretty well.", "My wife received the Skylon Ace sunglasses as a Christmas gift and she loves them.  Wears them everywhere: driving, running, beach.", "I am so loving my new shoes! The purple color is just as shown in the picture, and the shoes are really comfortable and true to size. Now I want to get a red pair too!", "Bune material, el tama&ntilde;o es perfecto y el color es exacto como se ve en la foto, totalmente recomendado para cualquier persona.", "I bought these shoes for my son.  He gets compliments on them everywhere he goes.  He says they are comfortable and great shoes.  Couldn't beat the price either!***UPDATE:After only a few short weeks of wearing them, they have started squeaking every time my son takes a step.  It is very loud and annoying.  We will have to get him some new shoes.  It won't be these!!!", "This shoe is awful and it's a rip off... I am sooooooooooooo sick to my stomach.. When you pay eighty some dollars for shoes, you expect the real deal..They are not real Nike's..they are thin, and junk...I am so disappointed.....Please don't buy these and make the same mistake I did..=(", "came early look great just havent been able to be worn yet otherwise very happy with them was very shocked they came so early too", "it is everything it is billed to be.  Slim, light, lots of pockets for a small item and it looks good.", "Ordered a tri- fold but received a Bi- fold, but that's ok, you get it right most of the time...", "Great fit, great fabric, flattering fit. They wash well, also. I will definitely buy more of these. Worth the money.", "I got these shoes for my dad for Christmas because he's such a sneaker head lolz he loves them :)", "Olive green is one of my favorite colors, and the shoe is so comfortable. If you like nike's and want a cute pair of shoes that give a bit of height I highly recommend!", "He wears them more than I anticipated. The purple (school color) is vibrant but not overbearing. He says they're very comfortable. And great for the snow!", "I owned the original Woodside boots from Nike and loved their low-key appearance and warmth. One thing I wished for was better traction on ice and snow because the soles were a bit too sneaker-like. Woodside II delivers on this and provides slightly more aggressive soles. These still aren't full-on winter boots like Sorels et al but with the improvement on an already great design, it only gets better.I have wide (EE) feet so I wear these 1 full size larger than my usual size and they fit well - thicker wool socks and all. Love the Woodside IIs.", "The color and the shape is really good.Love those tiny little dots on both sides of the shoes.Love it love it love it.", "&#34;I really wanted these shoes and was upset that they were sold out in every store so I came to amazon and found them for the exact same price! I placed the order quickly cause I had to have these shoes, they came fast I took them out the box and fell even more in love with them! they fit great and look awesome. I am very pleased I decided to buy them.&#34;", "rate 1, air force when back too company, too large wear, never reorder sneakers, I would not tell a friend.", "Wow, these shoes are the BEST!!! I have flat feet and they make my feet feel great. They fit really good, they are lighter than I expected. So, so comfortable I wish I could wear them to work! I wear them with jeans and get compliments all day long. Worth the price!!!", "I have  wore  this  tennis  shoe  and  won  a lot of  fans  tell me  what  SHOE  you think  I should  PICK OUT NEXTtime  when it  get old.NEED  YOUR  OPINIONSFROM AMAZON.COMJames JAMISONTEXT MEjjamison623@gmail.com", "My husband is recovering from surgery for a torn Achilles tendon. The physical therapist recommended a shoe with good ankle support and traction. This shoe fit the bill perfectly.", "these socks were to small for my child, but I passed on to my nephew and they fit perfect. Fast shipping", "My son loves these -- gives him confidence as he plays basketball in a league.  A bit pricey, but really made him happy", "I accidentally posted this review on they grey shoe, but I use all black for my work environment. :I only wish I could play ball in them, but from another perspective, im simply a chassis shop worker for 12 years that's never found a shoe (other than the zig, less durable) to have this level of immidiate and lasting comfort, right out of the box, as if they're already broken in. I'm on my feet at least 8 hours a day (concrete), 5 days a week and these shoes just do it. They last a solid 4 months, 6 or more if need be stuff some new insoles.. anyway, can't say enough about them, OTHER than I never pay over a hundred for them, which also means I haven't purchased from amazon YET. and I don't know what Ill do if they discontinue / or I can't get them any longer.", "Expensive but I got what I wanted. Had a hard time findinbg the right size but this was just what I was looking for.", "my daughter begggggged for these for Christmas and when she got them she was so happy . She saidthere are her favorites!", "Fits a little foot was smaller than normal airmax should specify a small norm is to buy a larger size to avoid these drawbacks hence the design very attractive and fulfilled the expectations recommended", "Perfect fit! I have been running in Vomeros for 7 years and can't find any other shoe that can compare!", "This shoe fits perfectly. I love the Pegasus line of Nikes. This is my 4th pair. They fit well, I use them for running and casual wear. No complaints at all.", "Shoes fit well. Pegasus is always a reliable neutral shoe. Shoes are reflective which helps to be seen at night. Shoe laces are a little small.", "I am not sure why the red color was so much cheaper than the other colors I was a little leery it may be a blem or something but had same look and fit of the pair I already owned. Great price and 4 day shipping", "I haven't had the chance to wear them yet. But from the previous Nike running shoes experience, I can say they deliver as they say.", "I tried on the 29s at the Nike outlet and it literally felt like I'd stepped onto a cloud. They were so soft and comfortable. My husband told me that there were 30s so I figured I'd get the &#34;new and improved&#34; version rather than the older pair. When I finally found them in my size they were nothing like the 29s. They're quite hard initially, unlike the other pair. They're okay after a while, they feel good when I run but I take them off immediately following.", "Really like this shoe. Fits just right, and very comfortable for a long run distances. The sole fells very comfy.", "Forgive the pun, but the Pegasus is the workhorse of the running shoe world. Solid, dependable, it's been around forever. It just goes to show that the best running shoe is the shoe that fits YOU best. Recently I splurged on a pair of Nike fly-knits. It gets great reviews and it fit me really nicely at first, but after running more than 4 miles in them my ankle started hurting.  I no doubt believe that those who are giving the fly-knit 5 stars are having a great experience. I have learned, and re-learned, though, that for me, nothing beats the Pegasus. It's not a minimalist shoe but it is so soft and has so much padding that I can run forever in these and never feel the pounding. Yes the fly-knit is light as a feather, but I will trade off a little extra weight for a shoe that I can feel and that gives my feet the protection they need. The Nike Vomero is a similar shoe and I recently trained and ran a 1/2 marathon in the Vomero without issues. However, the Pegasus is even more comfortable than the Vomero for me and it is less expensive. I caught a great deal on amazon and got these for $83.49!  I have never been disappointed in the Nike Pegasus- why I waste my money trying the latest craze in running shoe's I don't know. It will be Pegasus forever from now on. I don't know if it's because my meet are a little flat, but I find myself buying the Pegasus and Vomero's a full size and a half larger than my normal shoes and they are very comfortable for me. I know the rule of thumb for running shoes is a 1/2 size bigger only, but you should definitely try these on at a local store and try a few sizes larger before purchasing.", "Have 9.5 in another nike shoe and these are a bit smaller than those. So order accordingly.  You will like them.", "I have been running in pegasus'  for 30 years.  I like that it is consistently designed to always have the same fit and properties, meaning that I can purchase it online without worrying it won't work out.", "I could not have been happier with the price (more than $20 lower than all other vendors) and the shoe arrived BEFORE the promised delivery date. Despite on line reviews, this version of the Pegasus is less flexible than previous iterations, which is why I bought. Shame on NIKE, they can never resist tweaking things that aren't broken.I have no problem with them changing the colors and pretending its a newer version. That beats making a great product worse and pretending that is an improvement.", "The arch on my left foot has been getting weaker and I was having pain in my foot and left knee after running. I tried these shoes at a local running store (and bought them there). I wound up with size 10.5; I'd say my &#34;normal&#34; size is between 10 and 10.5 as shoes seem to vary so much in their sizing. I'd definitely recommend going on the larger end of the range of sizes you can wear. I have somewhat narrow feet (not narrow enough to need the actual &#34;narrow&#34; sizing though) and the width is great.Since I've been using these shoes (about 2 months) my pain has decreased significantly. They are comfortable while I run. Unfortunately the running shop only had the gray/ orange color which is not my favorite but since I only use them for running it's tolerable. I may buy a pair in another color just for walking as I have not found any arch supports that work with my feet.", "I had a pair of the Pegasus +29 and really liked how they fit and held up during my first marathon so I just bought these to carry me through my second!", "I love Nike Pegasus I feel like I'm walking on clouds, they are very comfortable. I am a big women so I buy mens shoes.They where worth every penny.", "The shoes seem narrower than normal and had to make sure laces are very loose to not feel too tight on foot.  Also the pads seem very thin in that I am feeling pounding on my foot already, so I feel it when done doing a run.", "Adidas or Saucony used to be my first choice for Running Shoes. Both had recently disappointed in regards to the upper mesh quality. I decided to give the Pegasus 30 a try since it had a very good review on Runners World (Best buy).I don't have a narrow \"Nike-foot\" but the fit of the Pegasus is perfect for me.The neutral cushioning is just right: Comfortable for long runs but not mushy.The quality is excellent and the shoe looks like new after 400 miles.I just bought a second waterproof pair (w/ Shield).", "I wanted them to be blue but the grey is fineIt is shame that there was no clarefication about the color", "If you like running or just walk a lot, you will love this shoe.  The sole has such a nice cushion and they are so comfortable.", "Very comfortable. I am wearing this shoe every where, not just in the gym. I've got a lot of compliments on it.", "look much nicer on the photo. When they arrived I was disappointed.They look kind of bulky on the foot. Send them back.", "Bought these trail shoes because they are built on the Nike Free last and have been road running in Nike Frees for years. They are awesome trail shoes, giving you lots of support without too much bulk or weight. Feel similar to the Nike Free except with added support. And the color is cute but doesn't show much trail dirt. Will definitely reorder when they wear out.", "So comfy, got for my son want for myself, will have to get me a pair sooner than later on.", "This is a great shoe. It is light weight, comfortable, and seems sturdy. I am very happy with this purchase so far.", "this was a great buy, i actually bought these shoes for my boyfriend and was concerned that they wouldn't fit him, but they did and he loves them....totally recommend anyone who's thinking of buying them to get them.", "I like the color and the feeling when I wear this Red Shoes. Weight is perfect and doesn't make my feet or legs feeling any pain wearing in a 12 hours shift working. I received lots of compliments from my coworkers and patients, they just love looking my shoes.I will be buying again other colors with this model soon. The red is a star everywhere I go. Just love the feeling wearing this shoes every time.Highly recommend to everyone who loves fashion and comfort. Wearing this shoes for work, just for casual, and for working out, is also great and one of the best in it's kind. Try this model and you will love it, guaranteed.", "I bought this for my 10yr old son. He loves them.  He says they're comfortable and they look just like the picture.", "Okay for a basic trainer. Sole is a little stiff for a minimalist type shoe. Some what overrated but for a basic it is sat", "gave that rating because i bought these for my boyfriend for christmas and that is how many stars he said he would give it.", "I ordered these trainers for my husband who is 6'5&#34; and so has large wide feet.  They were a good fit and he has no complaints.", "I got these as a gift for my boyfriend, he loves them. They are stylish and fit perfectly! U can't beat the price either!", "Im sure that you can  find with this shoes running the confort and the best feel running sport shoes are excelent choise.", "I've been wearing Nike Free shoes for about 6 years now and love them. My Free 5's were starting to wear so I decided to find some replacements. The new 5's aren't as comfortable with weird support cables running with every lace. No thank you, not comfortable. This is my 3rd pair of Flex shoes purchased in 6 months. No, nothing wrong with them, I've kept them all. While they do not appear that they can flex as much as the free's due to not having all the sole cuts, that doesn't matter. I can't tell the difference between having these or the frees on, OTHER than not getting small gravel stuck in between the grooves.They're vented and super supportive. They fit true to size as I wear a 13 in about 99% of nike's and have a wide foot.", "Had some issues with the shipping/receiving of this product. Their CS was on top of the matter and was able to get to the bottom of this. Ultimately my bf got his shoes are in love with them! Thanks!", "Great for running the trails and streets . Feels very comfortable after you break them in . Worth it for the price !", "This product is of good quality.  I would definitely recommend .  Like the fit and the price.  Prefer Nike in sport shoes.", "These shoes are very light and comfortable and i get a lot of compliments on them wherever i go. Great Purchase!", "I have wide feet with narrower ankles and a neutral foot strike.  The Air Pegasus is comfortable, well cushioned, with a great fit.  My previous pair was the +29.  The +30 fit a little better through the forefoot which make for a much more comfortable run.  When these wear out I plan to order them again.", "Beautiful and comfortable. I definitely recommend this product. Fit as expected. It is good for jogging and also for walking.", "very comfy and fit me true to size.  i have the black, lime and pink...it's not purple as the picture shows.", "I've worn Nike Women's Air Pegasus for many years. My current ones were model 27. And it looks like the 28 model have been similar. Unfortunately, I can't get model 27s (or 28s) any more. So I thought buying these would bring me up to the current generation. Unfortunately, when these arrived, they looked nothing like the Air Pegasus models I've been wearing.These have a much thinner, wider mesh that appears to be very insubstantial and cheap, nothing like the goretex from earlier models. Rather than having leather or vinyl toe guards, side stripes, or laced top area, these appear to just have rubber or something painted onto the mesh. There is no heel guard at all, just a mesh. Much of what was sewn or reinforced appears to just be glued or some thin plastic layer.These shoes looked so cheap and insubstantial that I just sent them back as a waste of money. I didn't even try them on. Very disappointed in Nike for these changes.", "Just as I imagined it. Too goodIt was quite difficult to choose my size, however I read the nike size document and it helps me. Fit exactly as I wanted.", "I gave this to my friend and she loves it . It fits well and she loves the colors of the shoe", "They fitted perfectly and are very comfortable for running.  I loved these sneakers, a little bit flashy but they worked perfect!", "I bought these as a gift.I checked and she had a similar pair of Nike shoes, so I ordered the same size. They fit and she wore them for her fitness activities that night.She has had multiple people comment on the color combination.It actually looks better in person then in the pictures. I was not sure if I would like  them, but I do like the combo.", "It is comfortable and fits perfect! I run half marathon with it, feels so good! No feet pain and cusions support well!", "This was perfect for what I needed. I run 20 miles a week and this made my feet feel so much better.", "I love these shoes! The colors are the exact same as in the picture, size fits perfectly, and they are a lot more comfortable than I expected!", "I love Nike Pegasus shoes!! This is my 3rd pair! I have tried other shoes and none have come close to fitting right! These are the most comfortable shoes EVER! I have very difficult feet. My feet are flat and I have such a hard time finding shoes that fit and keep my feet from not hurting. I will always own Pegasus shoes!", "I feel Nikes always fit a little small compared to other brands, so I ordered a half size up. The quality is nice and the colors are great!", "One thing I should state is that I didn't get these shoes for running; I got them all for wear/style.I've got to say, these are beautiful shoes. They look exactly as pictured and the blue color is extremely flattering. I range between a 7.5 - 8 & I ordered the 8 to be safe. The 8 fits perfectly & looks great on my feet. I love the fit & feel of this shoe. It's very comfortable & I'm extremely happy with my purchase. Great shoes! Also, delivery was quick and easy.", "i wear these with my black capri yoga pants and they look great. i bought a 7.5 and they fit me perfectly (I normally wear 7.5).", "I really like these shoes, they are my first pair of Nikes and I get a lot of compliments on the Green Glow. They're decently padded and have pretty good grip, running through snow is a piece of cake and ice is still a little scary but no problems slipping yet. I wish there were a winter alternative to these since I have to run through ice and snow when it is 20 degrees and below; these shoes are a bit too well ventilated. It's very difficult for me to find shoes that fit my feet well and are comfortable, and these ones really hit the spot. It really would be great if they made these same shoes but for colder climates. I can't wait to wear them in the summer though!", "I had purchased the Pegasus+ 29 and loved them, wore them out, so got the upgrade Pegasus+ 30.  These are the most cushy and comfortable running shoe I've bought.  Good support and feels like I'm running on clouds.  I would recommend them for sure.", "The shoes fit me perfectly. However, they are seemed blemished. One side of my left shoe has two white spots and the back of the shoe has a yellow speck. Also looking at the shoe tread, it seems someone has already worn the shoes for several times. Actually, I was disappointed.", "Love these shoes. I don't normally wear them to run in, but they look great and are exactly what I wanted. Fit perfectly and provided a little more support then most Nikes do, but like I said, I don't use these to run in.", "My wife got these to begin training for a marathon and loves them so far (about a month in). They look great but more importantly have great support and comfort. The size seems to be pretty on target (doesn't run big or small). If you run 3-4 times a week for 3-5 miles, these are good shoes.", "These sneakers are stylish and comfortable. And the colors are awesome. Worth the price for sure.  They fit true to size", "Love these shoes! I would recommend them to everyone. The fit, look, and feel is awesome. Price is alittle steep.", "I choose rating to give my opinion, I will consider only to myself everything I buy from Amazon, one product only I dislike it was the pound cake mix with the hint of lemon.", "these are one of the best sneakers i ever bought fit great look great i will recommend them buy them fit great and feel great", "Very comfortable shoe that seems to be made of quality material. Looks great and would recommend.  Shoe seems nicer than most more expensive shoes in its category.", "I've searched high and low for red running shoes that fit my taste and style. The Air Max from Nike were perfect. However, it was virtually impossible to find in local retail stores without having to special order and at a higher price. Thank God for Amazon.", "I am a nurse and work 12 hour shifts.  These shoes are perfect for long nights walking the floors.  Very durable as well.", "I love NIKE usually, and I didn't want to spend the money to buy a black pair of the air max. However, I ended up buying the air max because these didn't offer as much support and are not as comfortable. I love the blue shoelaces, but it is hard to match any clothing with them as they are so bright.", "Shoes are great, very comfortable, light weight, look super nice and not too bulky. This color combination is the best.", "Awesome shoe, Fits great and comfortable, I just need to wear them and break them in now. I love me some nike.", "The shoes are very comfortable. Bought two of these shoes and do not regret it. Great shoes :)G F", "I think it is a fair scoreThe shoe is a little narrow forward, should have used half number moreIf I would recommend it", "These shoes fit and feel well. But after 2 weeks of running on a treadmill almost everyday and unloading trucks at work, the rubber on the front of the shoe has began to peel already. Will not buy again once they have fallen apart, which is sure to be soon.", "This is a great shoe, very comfortable. It fit perfectly, which I was worried about because I had never bought shoes online before. Love them!", "Great colors, very confortable, the fit its great, i love this pair of air max 2013, i bought the blue ones too.", "This shoe is not for me since I returned one of these .  I cound't return this order cause I soil the bottom wearing them in the house to try them out. this style of Nike  with no support is a bad shoe for me.  i've made bad choices in the past and this is one of them", "Great Nike running shoe.  Has the capability of coordinating with your iphone by purchasing the sensor that fits in the bottom of the shoe.  All NIke + shoes have this capability.  Keeps track of distance, calories, speed, time, etc.", "First pair of Nike's I've purchased in more than 10 years! I have mild to moderate pronation and some planter faciaitis. I have flat low volume mid and forfoot with a normal heel and these fit great lots of cushion and support. I wouldn't recommend for large to moderate volume feet again mine are quite skinny feet though size 13 arch a little high for me but I have flat feet. Wife says they look much better than newbalance", "Just what I expected and more.  These are great shoes.  I highly recommend them.  You will not be disappointed. Good buy.", "Cool color. My son loves shoes and has many styles and colors in Nike. Thanks for such a fantastic shoe.", "These shoes have been a huge improvement over my old running shoes. They are extremely lightweight but still provide excellent support. Love the styling and the fit. I only run about 10 miles per week, but so far, the shoes have held up very well after putting about 50 miles on them. Highly recommended.", "They actually turned out to be a lighter color than the one in the picture.  I really needed the shoes so I kept them anyway.  They are very light and comfortable, NOT good for walking/running on rocks.  Stick to the pavement with these puppies.", "Bought this pair of shoes for my son the runner for Christmas and he loves them ! He runs almost daily and really likes the light weight feel of this shoe.", "i bought these shoes because i had read good reviews but i wore them for the first time playing basketball and i noticed the shoes rubbed against my legs ripping the skin and as i played i got a blister on my toe the size of a dime wont buy theses ever again", "is just as the pictures show, I loved and something they did not show is its weight which is very convenient", "After failing to order these from footlocker because they at last min cancelled my order without notice and then told me they didn't have my size in stock, i bought them here and well I'm happy with them they look better in real life then the picture in my opinion :)", "shoes are very comfortable for one of the sports that I like light soft comfortable to play great basketball with my friends", "First thing I thought when I put these shoes on is how comfortable they were. Much more comfortable than my old pair of Nikes, which I can't remember the name of. They fit my wide size 12 foot very well, very comfortably. I use them to trek miles across Ohio State's campus, and they have yet to cause me any discomfort. If I bought the same shoes repeatedly, these would be at the top of my list.", "Even though this shoe is not for heel pain, I must say that this shoe is very soft and reduces pain in my heel. It has now become my favorite shoe as I can walk all day without pain unlike other shoes.", "Solid court shoes I had to unlace the top hole which made them fit alittle too tight but after doing that they are solid", "great seller, good price, even better shoes. highly recommended for running or daily use if you walk a lot. breathable and soft n comfy", "Very good quality. Nice design and comfortable.It is also beautiful and very strong.I love the quality of this product.", "Great bargain on a great shoe.  It was comfortable right out of the box , wears well.  I'd recommend these to anyone.", "Probably one of the best shoes I've ever bought. They're super confortable and have an amazing support. Plus they look super cool :)", "Beautiful shoe. Arrived on time and was much nicer looking than in the ad. My niece was thrilled to get them as a Christmas present. The fit was true to size and the comfort was fantastic.", "I love the colors of these shoes. I wish that I would have bought a half size bigger because they r snug but would recommend to others.", "Very comfortable, but can't wear them without socks.  They seem a little big on me.  They have a great cushion to them and look fantastic.", "Very pleased with the quality an fit. My daughter very happy. Once again great product an great service. Item was exactly what we wanted it to be", "I power walk my two dogs(border collie and lab) several miles a day.  These shoes out of the box,are the best of all Nikes I've had in years.", "I have just started getting into running and I absolutely love these shoes!  They are so comfortable and they fit true to size.  I wish that they came in just basic colors like black and white as well as the &#34;hot pink&#34; and &#34;neon green&#34; colors, but the fit and comfort make up for that.  Love them!", "So in love with these shoes! My favorite pair EVER! Will definitely be purchasing in other colors. Perfect for running.", "They are as described on line.  Color is great and so is the fit.  My Granddaughter loves Nike shoes as they always fit good.", "So far she is really happy with the shoes, I am happy, cause they fit perfect and the color was as expected !", "fulfilled all our expectations, being very satisfied about really thank you very much, should present more options and diversity of models", "Took a while to get to me but it was worth it because they are comfortable. Great price as well", "15 year old athletic daughter uses them for conditioning and loves them.  Says they're very supportive and fit snugly. Definitely recommend.", "My daughter ordered the wrong side she tried to return it with a note inside saying she needed a size 9 and not the 7 she ordered.  Unfortunately we received a credit instead of the shoes.  Kind of disappointed.  The shoes came in a good amount of time and they were exactly what she wanted and saw online.  Not sure how she chose the wrong size she may reorder.  We had hoped she would have been able just to switch them.", "I love the look and feel of these shoes, though I can't say they are perfect for any intensive running &#8230; but they are amazing for everything else! Really enjoy them.", "I loved the sports bra, fits perfectly and really does what it is supposed to do.well done go for it", "I loved these shoes when I received them, but after wearing them 4 times, one of the pieces of material that hold the shoe laces broke.  I now have to deal with sending the shoes back... a headache.", "i really want to love these shoes but i cant. they are supper cute but after wearing the i ended up with a bad blister on both of my pinky toes.", "They not only look great, but feel great, too. I highly recommend them to anyone looking for great gym shoes.", "These were purchased as a gift for me and I love the fit and color. They certainly get looks and compliments from the guys at the gym. Most of my time at the gym is spent on weight lifting but I do some cardio as well. These are very comfortable on the treadmill. Great fit, durable and looks good!", "Nike is a perfect choice for sport shoesThe color was very good and it fits as expetedIam loving it", "the sole wore out quickly because for heavy basketball playing other than that they are very light and durable, as i've taken them to hell and back. they are also really comfy. the FitSole has become detached, but still stays in place when you wear the shoe", "I have very high arches so my ankle turns inward when I stand which completely throws off my alignment. My new pair Lunar Forever  is the first pair I have come across that gives my high arches and consequently flimsy ankles the support and stability they need. My workouts feel so much better now that I have such happy feet!", "I love the colors!! this was a perfect fit! I absolutely love it! I can't wait to start running in them! They feel really comfortable and it feels really great! I would buy another pair!", "Love the color combination, and Nike fit is perfect for me.  Wore for the first time yesterday, and very happy with this purchase.", "These are FAKE!!! Falling apart after two days. I have been wearing nikes for 8 years, never once have they fallen apart even after lots of wear and tear. They also kill my feet!!!  Do not buy!! It's really upsetting that amazon hasn't done something about this growing problem.  Its quickly becoming harder and harder to get authentic nikes on amazon.", "After my beloved Skechers Tone Ups were discontinued :(, I searched everywhere for a shoe that gave me that same cushiony sole along with lightweight feel plus stability . For me, the Luna forever is perfect. I have orthopeodic issues and I really need some extra comfort. When I tried these shoes on I knew immediately I had finally found a great workout partner. I love Nike, they always last a long time and I've worn them for decades. Highly recommend the Luna forever. The only small complaint I have is the lacing doesn't provide for maximum back heel support. I wear between a 7 and 8 and I got the 8, which provides extra room for toes, but my heel came up when walking a bit. Maybe thicker socks will help. I don't have achiles issues but if someone else needs more heel back heel support then these might not be the best shoe. Anyone on their feet all day will appreciate this light as a moon walk feel.", "the shoes are light, breathing, and comfortable, suitable for running, but a bit expensive.it looks cool, I like it.", "I wanted a pair of sneakers that I could wear with jeans....found them.I have about 6 pair of running shoes to work out in, but I wanted a pair to just walk around in or even wear to work...( I'm a chiropractor and stand on my feet all day)These are great.Also just wore these to take a two mile walk....(forgot my running sneakers) and they were great for that too.Recommend for looks and function!!!", "The shoes were delivered as promised, look great and fit perfectly. I would recommend this supplier for any future purchase.", "My daughter has flat feet and is often in pain when wearing sneakers for running. She reported these shoes are very comfortable, light, provide excellent arch support, and look really cute to boot.", "I was nervous about buying this shoe without having tried it on first, as I had foot surgery a year ago and have to be very careful on what shoes I wear to run and work out in. However, this is the most comfortable shoes I have bought since surgery, ( I think I have bought 4 other kinds, including very expensive ones at the Running company)I highly recommend this shoe and will be buying more for sure when the need arises!!", "Love love love.  Very pleased with this shoe! Be aware it is a Cross Trainer.  This show is not built for running.", "Bought these when I was recovering from kidner procedure... they were the first shoe I could tolerate after walking boot.  They are supportive but light (I was a minimalist shoe kind of girl in a previous life before I broke my Os navicular).  I did eventually need to replace the insole with a set of $20 doctor scholl's but that is a testament to how well constructed the shoe is.  These helped me transition back into running and now that they are well-worn serve as a rudimentary trail shoe.  They've been replaced by a Nike iD pair, same model but with shield.  I don't know if my newer pair fits more loosely than I expected, or if it's just that I got used to my first pair when my foot was still very swollen (probably the latter), but they are taking a bit longer to feel &#34;broken in,&#34; though I suppose that could be the addition of shield.These might be good if you have issues with plantar fasciitis since the problem I had with my instep was virtually the same.", "Very comfortable! I have a condition that whatever I put on my feet it hurts when I wallk. This does the job walking around China Town Toronto .I Will sure buy again. Thank youThank you", "I bought this for my girlfriend. Super comfy, she loves it and it looks great. It was a perfect choice.", "These shoes are great!  They are lightweight and very comfortable.  The blue color is just as shown, very pretty!!  I have somewhat of a wide foot and they fit really good.  They run a little big in the length, not much though.  The toe area is very roomy, not the case in other shoes!  I just got them today and am going to order another pair in pink.  I would highly recommend this shoe!  I ordered a $120 pair of Nike and they were not comfortable at all.  This pair was $57!!  The bottom part of the shoe in the picture looks gray, but it's white.  i was a little surprised by that, i wanted it to be gray.  But, the white looks good too, just will get dirty faster.", "Love these shoes, great fit once broken in and really stylish. Has good support and alleviates the pressure on my knees.", "I love the shoes but they are sized small so you might want to get a size bigger than you normally would.", "I originally purchased these shoes from DSW in a size 7, which is what I normally wear.  They were way too small, so I returned them.  I re-ordered a size 8 from Amazon and they fit perfectly.  I love the colors and really enjoy working out in them.", "My daughter loved them. She said they fit perfectly and was very comfortable. She works in a hospital and is on her feet a lot.", "Bought this for my daughter and she's very happy with them.  She wears them every day without any problems and they're quite stylish.", "Wonderful! They are pretty amazing and comfortable, and a relly good price I loved it! It's quality is outstanding, i would buy them again with no doubt if i could (:", "I would say this runs a half size small, a touch narrower in the toebox than my last pair of Nikes. Cute shoe, though.", "I am an avid runner. I look for super light, low profile shoes. I absolutely love these. They have a good amount of support. Enough so, that after 6 miles I was still feeling fresh. Chic' and comfortable. Just love em'.", "Fits perfect, not very durable ... start peeling off already. I play 3 times a week maybe that is why it start peeling off but I think a true Nike product should last a little bit longer and dont get me wrong, I love my hypervenom soccer shoes I just wish they were a little bit more durable.", "When i got them, they was a little smal, but after few days they fit perfect.Thank you nike,  i love them", "Great shoes and fit for indoor soccer.  These may be the best fitted, and nicest looking indoor soccer shoes my son has ever had.  Great cost too!", "I bought this because of the extra padding for better ball control and because it's the boot worn by Andres Iniesta, who is my favourite player. I bought size 9.5 which is the size I normally wear. It's a bit uncomfortable though. It squeezes the front of my foot.", "We've had problems with Nike's breaking down after a couple months of play/pratice.  These are holding up well so far.", "I know it's ok for summer days and all, but is it worth $70, um, NO! Not only that- If you decide the shoes are not for you the seller will charge you $20 fro putting them back in stock and $10 to ship them back. SO you pay $30 just to see IF MAYBE the shoe fits. Skip 3rd party sellers at all cost, stick to buying directly off Amazon who offers a good return policy or just head to the store.", "i got these for my indoor team and the are really nice but my foot was a little fat for them. maybe they are supposes to be that tight.", "I had my doubts at first but when I got the shoe it fit very snug. I definitely would recommend buying this shoe, it doesn't get and better than this", "Check the correct size if you are looking them for a girl..we found out the if they are for girls, they are smaller..at least in the width", "For my teenage daughter who plays competitive and high school soccer.  These shoes are very like looking.  My daughter loves the Nike brand.  No complaints now that she's broke them in.", "These nikes are great quality brand new in box.My daughter says they are very comfortable and she gets a lot of compliments on them.The blue and purplish pink color on the shoes are easy to match with a lot of outfits and are not neon in color but very pretty shades.", "They look really great, and they fit well when standing still.  As soon as I started to walk, my heel was rubbing against the back, and I knew they weren't going to work.  I've had several pair of Nikes in the same size, and this is the first time I've had a problem.", "I only gave it 4 stars just solely on the fact that I was expecting RED shoes. They were burgundy when I received them. Other than that, the shoes fit and feel great.", "Bought these for my 19 yr old son. They fit perfectly and look great. The price was amazing! He loves them!", "I bought these shoes for my son. They were very nice and comfortable;  he is very happy with them, and use them all the time.", "The have padding around the ankles which is nice and a solid overall dry fit. Now I'm shopping for more dry fit socks.", "Nike air max the best looking to buy more in air max just like it very light and good comfort", "Fast shipping comfortable shoes.  Like them a lot, but they do run a little smaller than other nike shoes.  Probably due to the heel style???", "This Nike shoe is not available just anywhere. Even on Amazon, I had wait several days before they got inventory. You should consider yourself relatively lucky if you can get one, and totally feel blessed if you can get both shoes. If sufficient quantities of this product are not been available online, you may have to visit a physical store, might even have to push some people to get this shoe.This shoe fits. Well, both do really. I feel like a leaping chita when running in them. And I get plenty of looks too. Perhaps it's the shoes, perhaps because I'm hot. Either way. Great shoe.Now the details. The color changes on the front of the shoe when you look at it from different angle. But you can actually never see the other color. It's weird and awesome and totally unique. Anyway.Comfortable.  The shoes are very comfortable.  The color is great. And oh I don't know, just go get a pair, and you'll see what I'm talking about. I shed a tear every time I have to take them off. You'll see.", "This shoe is barely a shoe. It felt like I was wearing a reinforced quilt. I had no confidence that this shoe is going to hold up to any sort of wear and tear so I sent them back.When I called SneakersRX to return them they told me I had to pay the return shipping! It took almost a week for the shoes to arrive in the first place and now I have to pay to return them? I am extremely perturbed about this. I have order from Zappos many times and my shoes typically arrive next day with a prepaid return label.Once again Amazon, you've given my business to another horrible third party merchant. When will they realize that, by doing business with these vendors that offer horrible service, the Amazon brand suffers too?Oh well. Zappos, here I come. Oh, how I've missed you!", "Great quality and look, they get complimented a lot. They just take some time to get adjusted to cause fit a little tight on the upper part of your feet. Ideal for cold weather. Good buy.", "I am a huge Nike sneaker fan. It pains me to say these sneakers are only average. First of all they run a little narrow. Next up the re-enforcement around the toes is pretty stiff. I thought I just needed to break them in. so i wore them and worked out in them and ended up with aching feet. The only good thing is that i recently threw out my old sneakers that i use for doing my yardwork. So now I used these when i mow the lawn and work around the yard. When life gives you lemons, make some lemonade.", "like I said in the description, this shoe was way too tight in the toe box.  had to send them back, nice color, hope that Nike gets it together and remakes this shoe in a wider toe box version.", "as soon as i got em i threw them on and left the house.i absolutely love these. i feel ike the s#1t when i rock these.", "This shoe runs somewhat narrow and short in the toe box, I would recommend ordering a half size larger than what you normally wear in Nike running shoes", "The shoe was just what my son wanted. It arrived on time and packaged well. They were just about a half size to small and had to be returned.", "I got my normal size (being ignorant even after reading reviews about going a size up) and my toes are right up against front of the shoe. My toes rub up against a rubber border that houses the stitching that attaches the insole which is a bit weird. A little wiggle room (just a centimeter) would've been nice but since these only come in whole sizes, go up that one size for the comfort. Also, going up a size would also create a little space in the narrow feeling toebox.I'm still wearing them though because they're a nice looking shoe, very stylish and super lightweight and comfortable! Haven't been exposed to heavy rain yet but they hold up in a decent drizzle. I like the feeling of the solarsoft insole (like a ribbed massaging feel) and I'm hoping the shoes will give me the wiggle room I need once I break it in.", "Very pleased with the shoe.Sneakers are so expensive now and these are reasonable for a stylish shoe.Pleases even the pickiest shoe critic.", "Shoes were one size too small.  I obtained the shipper's return instructions by phone and followed them and I'm awaiting their refilling the order with the next size larger", "No really happy that I paid 35.00 for these shoes and when I received them they had price tags all over them showing a price of 32.00.", "This is the second pair of Nike's I've bought from this seller. Have gotten great compliments on both pair of shoes.", "My son LOVED these! They're very sleek and made him feel really &#34;cool&#34;. The atomic red is actually more of a neon red/orange/pinkish, but it didn't look girly at all. They held up well through one soccer season and we hope to get wear out of them for another season as we bought them a little big.", "nice pair of soccer shoes for indoor practice. My son has been using it over the winter and feels great.", "Bought them for our daughter who has practice three days a week and a game or games on the weekends.  Decent length studs avoids slipping on wet ground.  Will definitely buy these again.", "Great fit, great grip, great shoe at a great price. Matches my son's uniform perfectly.  He plays indoor competition soccer and we've seen more confidence in his game now that he can stay on his feet. I couldn't have made a better choice.", "I watched a few reviews for this shoe on youtube.  It's perfect for stop and go pg moves.  The only thing I wish they would change is a solid heel cup that will lock your heel in place.  My heel felt loose even when I tied them tight but there was still no slippage.  They require some time to break in but after that they are great!.  I have 3 different colorways of this shoe.", "I bought these for my 5 year old.  We had a pair of red ones that he had worn out so I found these and thought they would fit the same but he did complain about them feeling too loose on his feet.  He wore then but he fussed about it most days.", "I ordered black and white ones and was sent these green and black ones instead. Very discouraging when I opened the box", "i loved. is not only to be a nike product but the quality is very good, I like and recommend.", "I purchased this shoe for my nephew's birthday and he just loves them.  He loved the bright colors and said they were so light and comfortable.  It has been a few weeks now, and he still tells me how much he likes the shoe.", "comfortable, easy on and off bc of &#34;fake lace ups&#34; and velcro strap.  my son likes them. would buy same ones again.", "Bought these for my 6 year old and he loves them. They are his everyday shoes and holding up really well.", "I love these shoes! They are my favorite pair to wear! They are extremely comfortable and quite roomy! When wearing these shoes, I would wear them in warmer weather, because they are made of a thinner material than other, thicker shoes. These shoes have really good traction on the highy-used areas. I would reccomend these shoes to everyone who needs a good, reliable running shoe!", "My son has had these shoes for 4 months and the sole has separated from the rest of the shoe.", "My son loves these shoes for basketball, says it makes him jump higher. They are very light weight. A good buy", "The sneakers are cute, but I unfortunately brought the wrong size and had to return them and purchase another pair", "es exelente zapato ideal para jugar basquet  es lo maximo tien agarre en todo tipo de cancha bien sea d tabloncillo como de cemento", "Picture made it appear more purple...they are definately blue! Still a great shoe;)  but wish they were more purple! :)", "I was having a difficult time finding a cute pair of sneakers for my daughter that would also work for her gym class but she could wear all day. This pair worked! They're comfortable enough for all-day wear, but tough enough to take gym class. And they look and fit great! What a find!", "Great comfort shoe.  These fit as expected.  These are good for running or cross training.  Can be worn with or without socks", "Beyond happy with my purchase. I am a sneaker fanatic, and when I could no longer find these in any store I turned to Amazon. I am nurse who wears sneakers all day everyday, so comfort is a must. The Nike Free TR 3 are so comfortable and so cute.. I love them!Got my sneakers on time with no problems. I highly recommend the seller...they will not disappoint.", "I'm buying more.  You forget you are wearing shoes.  But the support is there. I can move any direction and the shoes are like an extension of my feet.  Love these things.  Thank you, Nike, for getting the fit right.  Buying more!", "This shoe looks just as it does in the picture and fits as it should and even came with an extra pair of laces.", "I increased my distance gradually with these Free Bionics, and I am now up to 22 miles. Just like all running shoes, I wear one size larger than regular shoes. I love them!", "I've worn Nike \"Free\" running shoes for 8 or 9 years, now.  I have an extremely large Achilles tendon that, frankly, gets abused by the plastic piece in the back of 90% of sneakers.  I have very high arches, and have always needed extra support from whatever athletic shoes or cleats I've purchased, regardless of the expense or style.  On top of all that, I am a bartender/chef/caterer and am on my feet ALL DAY.  But once I discovered the \"Free\" style, there was no turning back!  All problems solved due to the super-contouring design that lacks any solid plastic 'bones' and amazingly specific fit.My only issues with the design were that (1) I would wear a pair out at nearly double the rate of other shoes, especially the soles, and (2) they were not ideal for any kind of cross-training, due to the lack of a \"grippy\" sole.With the \"Free Bionic\" style, both issues are solved!  You get the best of both worlds: the fabulous fit and lightweight design that the \"Free\" style is known for, and a really sturdy, thick, sole that has tons of traction.  I've been wearing my current pair for just under 6 months, non-stop (literally to work and the gym EVERY DAY, 12-18 hour days) and I am just beginning to see enough significant wear and tear that I am ordering another set.  I believe I will get TWO pairs this time, one for work and one for gym activities, because I think the wear and tear from the gym is a lot less significant than work and, hopefully, that pair will stay newer, longer.PS: I was THRILLED to find these in (nearly) all-black! Awesome for working in the restaurant industry!", "The shoe looks good but doesn't offer support and has a low rise in the back.Nike makes great shoes but not this one.The white material shows threw the black mesh and doesn't look great", "I bought these from Finish Line just the other day. They're perfect for winter time lifting/cross training because they are very low profile but still substantial enough that your feet won't freeze. I use my vibrams for lifting normally but it's a pain packing those as well as wearing my running shoes to the gym during the winter when it's too cold to walk around outside in the vibrams. They would also be fine for sprints and cardio machines, but I wouldn't recommend them for running long distance. They'd get worn out too quickly and would be hard on your feet and legs if you're not used to barefoot running.  I got the Pink/Black/Yellow-ish ones and I really like the colors.", "Good deal and exactly what I was looking for. My daughter was the recipient of these shoes and she loves them for her cross fit class.", "These shoes are great, super light weight and comfortable but aren't great for running on pavement. Whenever I run more than 2 miles on pavement with these shoes, I get an aching in my shins that I don't get with any other shoes. This doesn't happen on an indoor track, trail, or any other surface. I love the bright color and visibility they offer, but if you are primarily a sidewalk/road runner, get something with a little more padding.", "I bought these as a gift. After the person had them and tried them 2 times, she said that they hurt her feet, so we needed to return them. I got the size she usually wears in sneakers but they were too uncomfortable.", "I ordered a size 9.5 and recieved a size 7. I called and was told the right size would be sent out. I just received it and it's ANOTHER SIZE 7. Really? Not happy right now.", "XL is a little smaller than expected. I was debating between L and XL and glad I went with XL.", "I brought my son to stores and these were the lightest I could find.  Put these on one foot and different light ones on the other foot.  those hyperquickness are the best.  my son moves very quickly on the court.", "True to size, comfortable, lightweight, and the colors are bright. These kicks are just like the one's KOBE BRYANT wears. My boyfriend likes them a lot. Satisfied with purchase and recommended product/seller! =)", "These Hyperquickness looks good on pictures but when you received them they are really tiny and thin shoes, if someone step on you on these shoes you'll be messed up! I wouldn't buy these for fifty bucks. I actually returned mine. NOT RECOMMENDED.", "My son loves this shoe. It's light and pretty stylish. Feels very comfortable. Delivery was extremely fast. I would continue to order from ebay.", "I'm a size 13 & thats what I wear all my shoes are 13 however these are a bit tight I'm trying to break them in but I must say its painful.", "I bought these shoes from Olympia Sports in white and black.I love the way the shoes fit, but after playing ball in them THREE TIMES, the fabric on the left shoe, on the inside, tore through to my sock.  I could stick my finger all the way through and see my sock in TWO PLACES!I love to play basketball, but I know I don't go THAT hard.  This would have been a five star review had the fabric not ripped through so soon.  The shoes weren't even broken in yet.Olympia is going to take the shoes back and let me exchange them, but I will not be getting a pair of Air Max Body Us.", "Good quality and comfortable as expected by nike I also like the look its very sporty and great while workingout or playing basketball at the park or in the gym.", "Excellent, I am very satisfied and very happy with my article, congratulations, together we made a good choice, I will continue my shopping at amazon.", "As promised, the sneakers were very nice as I opened the box.  They fit as expected.  The colors were amazing and blended well..", "These are for a 12 yr old.  He wears them all the time so apparently he likes them.  If he didn't they would sit in the closet like new forever!  The fact that they are not made of that mesh stuff sold me.  I don't think it's leather but it gives protection from the snow since boots are so uncool.", "The shoes are great...they fit good and look good...I would buy another pair in a minute and I actually might", "Good shoe for the price. Perfect fit, comfortable, great grip on the basketball courts. Built in heel protection that gives this a professional touch.", "Bought these because I know that they would fit 'out of the box' with no problem. Nike is usually consistent with sizes.", "Great for working out in  thats all i use them for Which includes running jumping, weight lifting, jump rope and more", "Ordered this as a gift and thank God the bright green colour didn't turn off the recipient since the picture clearly didn't show a fluorescent green on this shoe. There also wasn't a colour option.", "excellent footwear, just as I expected. very comfortable for running and training, very good color, fast shipping and handling, just the seller's shoes as public.", "This was a great purchase the shoe is very light and comfortable, I take them on my morning run all the time.", "My husband says these shoes feel really great on his feet and he got them at a price he liked!", "Very Happy with these shoes. They perform great and were reasonably priced. They are definitely very light, comfy, and stylish!", "Very ergonomically designed. And very cool looking, Black and white, no excesses. I am fasion-sensetive about these things and I chose these for their looks just as much as for the feel (I tried them in the Nike store where they were twise as expensive).Perfect fit and feel of the ground. Flexible and light. There is room for the foot to spread the toes, so to say.Could wear them 27/7. Most comfortable and light sneakers a I've ever owned.", "Like the Title line, I love how they look and they dont seem to run large or small like some shoes. They are pretty comfortble too.", "I wear a 9.5 in Nike SB sneakers, these fit a bit smaller, but may have been because they are more restrictive than Nike's other shoes.  Did not have a size 10 so I ended up ordering a different brand.  Would have really liked these shoes for the money though!", "This thing is awesome. Wear it to coach in. Wear it to workout/run in. Not meant to be a heavy keep you warm hoodie. It is what it is. Light weight easy to move in feels great. As soon as mine came in I immediately ordered 3 more in different colors.", "I was a little disappointed with this purchase only because I assumed it was going to be a &#34;heavier&#34; type of sweatshirt.  I wasn't expecting it to be so light weight, but the material is comfortable, loose fitting, and sizes seem to run appropriately.", "I bought this for my basketball playing nephew. He likes it and wears it to practice over his shorts and t-shirt. It is thin so be doesn't get overheated after practice. But should not be worn alone in the winter.", "It is too thin, I hate the pullover hoodie. It fits like a shirt. It is not made for winter.", "It is a workout/postworkout hoodie very thin and I love it, best post workout hoodie I have ever owned period.", "I thought this top would be thicker. It's really thin. It's alright, I guess. Thanks. Beeboop. Doodlt doo doo ding", "GREAT BUY! If you are looking to stay warm do not buy but great for working out and keeping you dry.", "This is a wonderful high quality shirt.  It did run much bigger than we expected though.  It is also a thin nylon type of material not a thick sweatshirt.", "It was a gift for my 16 year old grandson and after he opened he did not take it off. He said, &#34;It is my best gift ever&#34;.", "this has a nice feel, but Large size is very large and loose. Having a hood is niece for changing weather.", "This item was a gift for my brother and disappointingly we discovered that the shoes were too narrow.  I will be sending this item back on December 26, 2013.", "My daughter loves these. She said the fit is comfortable. Not too clunky or heavy. The colors are great for different outfits too.", "Bought these for my boyfriend, he loved them like he loves all his Nike shoes. They are clean, simple and the blue is a really pretty blue :)", "Husband loves these shoes, very comfortable, and well fitting, true to size.  He is not a fan of the new colors, too bright with neons, etc.  He is very conservative, and it is getting harder and harder to get the traditional navy and white he prefers.  We're both very pleased with the purchase.", "Bought two of these! They fit great. Plenty of pockets and the pockets are deep so you can run with your iPhone without it falling out or jiggling around too much. Great slim fit. Very flattering.", "Quality, color and fit are as to be expected, Nike is a brand that can be trusted. Even the packaging was nice.", "My third pair. Great for walking. Reliable, Amazon made my shopping for all I need easy & price is right. Thank you Amzon", "I always buy from amazon and it save me time and money plus I love the services. I fine it easy to shop on line no long waiting in line plus you can also fine the old and new styles.", "beside the size issue, this sneakers is perfect. i'm from the caribbean island of trinidad, an original pair of these are $300 US, i payed $127 US here, cant get better than that", "I cant belive amazon let people sell boot leg shoes , Omg  i paid a 160 dollors on a pair of boot leg shoes, but you know what God dont like Ugly.", "Been after these for awhile. #1 AM95 colorway in my opinion. They look great and fit excellent. Just one more for the collection", "The courier just dropped my pair off.They came in the original packaging and yes the smell of new kicks is good......", "My boyfriend liked them. I got them for him for valentines day.. couldnt hold out so i gave them to him early . Will most likely  order again. Recommend to friends.", "I have an extremely high arch which has always caused problems with losing circulation in my toes/lower parts of my feet with most shoes after I've had them on a bit.  The angled lacing and tongue area seems to move that pressure away and I can wear these all day, not just for an hour or so.  LOVE!", "The shipping was on time and the quality of the shows are great and in great condition. Not a show you wear everyday most most definitely a show stopper.", "Purchased as a gift for my 17 year old son. The shoes have the retro look though the material and colors are of the modern look. The son took to them immediately. His friends think they are cool as long as they don`t know who bought them.Good price and quick delivery. Thanks.", "This was my first time ordering from this seller and the shoe is amazing. I was kind of skeptical at first but this was perfect", "apparently they are defective cause one is cut thinner at the toe then the other shoe and the back of shoes looks choppy like these were ones that didnt quite make the cut im short but i have fat feet maybe if you have skinny build no problems honestly if i was told this first i couldve saved time and money. i cant beleive this. now im out shipping cost , i cant wear these cause they hurt my pinky toe. now i have to pay to ship em back for my refund and i am very upset. dont buy form \"Sole Place\"", "DO NOT BUY THESE FRAMES FROM NIKE...My son who is 11 now wanted some cool glasses for baseball, Being nike is known for sportswear you would think these glasses frames &#34; AT THIS PRICE&#34; would be tough......Think again, After two week of wearing them they broke or should I say the cheap plastic they used shattered on the first hit from a ball. The earpiece held up great but the frames just shattered. He has been wearing glasses since age 3 and he has never broken any of the other ones. The eye doctor will not cover these even after I paid 155 dollars just for the frames and was told they have a 2 year warranty. I will now change my eye doctor and never buy anything from NIKE again. Demand better stuff folks, its OUR hard earned money..", "These were a Christmas present for my son. He loves them. They fit as expected and were a good price too.", "Purple is my favorite color. They fit very good. The color also goes well with my different color shirts that I own.", "I purchased these sneakers because I was looking for a different pair of sneakers to buy that would provide me with support while playing basketball. I'm in my 30's, so I like to still be flashy when I play, but I also am aware that I need to support my old body! In terms of comfort, I give these a 10. Right out of the box they feel snug to my feet and are true to size. Nothing is perfect, but I feel like after a day of playing ball, they'll be nice and broken in.I don't often buy sneakers on Amazon because of the sizing issue, but I feel like these are a good buy for somebody looking for a solid pair of sneaks to play indoor ball. With socks and ankle braces, I still feel comfortable in these. You'll get a couple of looks too, because you more than likely won't see many people with these on.", "Extremely narrow fit. Fit is much smaller than normal sizes. Nice looking shoes. Very good value. My son is happy with them.", "Fits tight and the material feels like its plastic/fake.  Not a good quality.  Also the ankle support is very poor.", "I ordered this sneaker for my son who usually wears a size 6 but while the length was fine, the width was too narrow and the velcro tabs would not fasten.  A cute sneaker but much too narrow.", "I really love these shoes! I wear them all the time. They are extremely light and they are also very comfortable!", "first off, ARCH has outstanding service. Very fast shipping and your package might even come sooner than it is supposed to. The packaging as well was far superior to other sites i've ordered from (Eastbay.com sucks *ss and takes 6 weeks to come in).As for the shoe,Fit: 5In my opinion it is perfect. But i will say it reminds me of track spikes b/c it makes you want to run on the balls of your feet. (not heels). Which i like, others may not. Maybe a big man wouldn't like it who knows. But for a guard or for those who are quick on there feet, perfect.Traction: 4Not out of this world, but best i've had so farBreak in Time: 5I've only had them for a day and played for a few hours they already feel fine. Maybe another day or two and they'll be fully broken inBreathablility: 2/3not the best at all. Def under par when comparing it to the hyperfuse, hyperagressor, and other nike productsOverall: 5for me it's perfect, maybe others are more pickyhope that helps", "These shoes are awesome!!! Look way better in person than the pic!! I couldn't even believe the price! Very nice Jordan's for a great price!!", "love this shoes as soon as i opened the box, it looks beautiful. The size is a bit narrow for 10.5 but im not taking off a star bec of it.Price is also reasonable and lower from Amazon  compare to other stores that sell this online.  Im happy with my purchase.", "I am always skeptical ordering expensive shoes online. Especially shoes that are highly counterfeited. However, these are the real deal. Brand new, and delivered very quickly.", "100% authentic from sneaker stadium get them if your considering they got to me in a few days and with no damage", "Well made t-shirt. Perfect for my daughter who is crazy about gymnastics!!  It is an appreciated gift!!  She wears it often!!", "No disappointments. Shoes were in brand new indeed and exactly as I remembered 19 years ago! Good one for all you Nike retro lovers", "Anybody I know has nothing like them and they match my little girls collection now looking for a pair for my son", "Super fast shipping and product as described.  I was so excited to get a pretty sought-after color combo in this design at half-price!", "Awesome! Extremely comfortable. Bought as a Xmas gift for my son and he Loves them.... They are soooo comfortable I wear them when he is not looking", "Bought these for part of my nephews Christmas gift... they were a hit... Loved the bold, yet subtle colors and fit true to size. Flexible for beginner walkers.", "Nice fitting sweater, but about 40% overpriced. The fabric is so-so and the dime-sized Nike swoosh on the sleeve is not worth the extra cost.", "I really like these socks. Just ordered another pack for my sister, because she loved them as well. Nice cut, not to long. They are pretty warm too. Great purchase.", "Favorite pair of shoes I own. They fit nice and are very comfortable. Seems to get a lot of comments when I wear them also.", "Shoe fits true to size, comfortable but not enough to justify the $130 price. Wait for a price drop................. worth a $100 or less", "The Nike shoes have Benn so inconsistent in listed size to actual  most the time they run small I have worn 9-1/2 all my 45 year and still do but I had yo get size 10& 1/2 to fit this time", "I was real love of this air force. In 2005 I bought it 1st time, that time it was soft leather with pleasant fit. after 8 years bought 4th air force, this time leather was hard, shoes was little heavy. Now i'm confusing this shoes is real one made by leather or replica?", "Love Them ! Looked everywhere for these shoes, My is Son very pleased...perfect Christmas gift,  will purchase from here again..", "These shoes are thaa booomb! Quality is Excellent! Looks are Tight! Drops are Hot! Waxed Silver Tip Lace Goodness! Smokey Ice Bottoms! Black Laser Etched Leather! Juiced Up, Roided Out Tounge! And A Luxurious LUNARLON Insole! All combine to make me FEEL GOOD! A SOLID COP WITH NO REGRETS! Got me Dancing like Michael Jackson Inside!", "I really love the way these sneakers look, they are very cool.  However, I need to return them because they were incredibly narrow.  I was going to bear the discomfort and try to break them in, but the pain was too overbearing and unfortunately, had to return them.  I wish they did fit, they are very cool looking.", "I have the red and grey color and I love them. Other guys are commented on the style and color as nice all the time. They feel and fit great. At first, they were tight but, now I love them and they are so dam comfortable.", "I have Morton's Neuroma and these actually help with me with my sore feet.  This is the second pair I have owned and I love the fit.  I am usually not a flip flop type person but, have had to due to the neuroma.", "They may be a little expensive but for the quality it is worth it. I got them right on time I LOVE this, got them as my birthday gift more than I expected. In a scale from 1 - 10 I will give them a 100% because they are so comfortable especially for someone like me with flat feet.", "I love these sandals. They are so comfortable. I am looking forward to warmer weather so that I can wear them all the time.", "Purchased November 7, 2013, they fit like Nike always do. I don't see any major week points, I expect they will last a couple of years with moderate use. I wear them to perform resistance training along with cardio while on the elliptical and when ever the weather is nice enough for shorts.  They are very comfortable, I always buy air max, because they prevent Plantar Fasciitis effectively for me.", "I have two similar shirts in pink.  I love them so much that I've nearly worn them out; so I started searching for similar hoodies.  Glad I found this one.  Quality and 100% cotton.", "Always in nike i wear 13 US which is 47 eur but that one its comming small and tide from front", "Stylish to the fifth power!  And Green is my favorite color. They have a wide footbed so they are very comforatable.", "If you don't try on this shoe before you order, make sure you get 1/2 size up from your regular Nike size. Fits like a glove and super comfortable right out of the box.", "these shoes are very soft and when walking, your heel slips a little bit. But while running these shoes are transformed! The cushioning is awesome, the shoe really supports your foot and holds it in place. A lot of support through the mid part of the shoe. I have a lott of knee, foot, and ankle problems and i have NO pain while running with these shoes. I am ready to order another pair.", "These feel and fit more like socks, with an extremely thin tongue, that requires careful fitting when you strap these on your feet - yet stays in place well thereafter. Ridiculously light. The fit is not rigid and tight, and allows for my slightly wider feet, but does not allow any heel lift while running. It seems to have support and strength in all of the right places, and flexibility where you need it. Well worth the high price tag - I think I'll buy three more, for posterity.", "Maybe it's unfair to give it such a low review as it is a very well made shoe but the review is based on my personal experience. I bought a pair of these at a local nike outlet and initially loved them so much I bought another pair through amazon. I like to run 1/2 marathons and while the shoe felt great at first I started having problems once I started doing longer runs (4 or more miles) or using the treadmill. I have flat feet, or more accurately, flat foot as my right foot is flat but not my left. I began feeling pain in my lateral ankle that only seemed to appear and worsen when I ran. At first I thought I was increasing my mileage or speed too fast and got an overuse injury, but it turns out it was the shoes. Halfway through a particularly painful run I switched my shoes back to my old partially worn out Nike Vomero's and the pain went away instantly and I was able to finish my run. I am hoping to return these as I've only worn this pair for a few miles on the treadmill my other pair got the brunt of the mileage. I have ordered a pair of Nike Pegasus 30's which are like the Vomero's but cheaper- a solid shoe with excellent cushioning which will be better for my type of feet. I really wanted to like these shoes they are considered by many to be one of the best but alas, my foot wouldn't cooperate.", "Nice shoes to go out !!!! But definitely not made for running....Be careful the shoes fits tight, so purchase them with 1 size more...Very light shoe, nice look but way too expensive for what they are at the end.... I am giving 2 stars just for the look...Better to go to Lunar Glide 5 cheaper and a best running shoe.", "Even though I'm not a huge Nike fan, and usually prefer the runners most popular brands like Saucony, Mizuno, Brooks, etc., these have felt the best so far for my underpronation or supination.  My Mizuno Wave Riders and Saucony Progrids seemed a little closer to something for a heavier runner with overpronation, because eventually caused some degree of Peroneal Tendonitis on both ankles. I took a week off running, bought these to alternate with my Scott eRide Trainers and so far its been a great combo, with no ankle issues and plenty of cushion and a medium amount of support. I've put about 50 miles on my Nikes (including a half marathon) and maybe 100-150 on my Scott's with a few 10-12 mile runs and now there's no looking back.", "The socks were they only sport socks I would buy until some one at Nike decided to put an elastic rib around the arch, just past the toe. The great thing about this new feature is that the sock will creep off of the foot and wad up into the toe of the shoe.", "These shoes are dope!The color is one of my favorites, the shoe it self is pretty attractive. They're really good shoes, and can help a little on the looks.", "These are great!!  My husband plays and is a crazy fan of the Lacrosse game.  He was surprised that I found them.  He wears them every day.", "This product came fast and is prob one of the better running shoes out there. I love the feel of the shoe and since all we seem to do in the Army is run then this product is ideal for all soldiers.", "Was good product for the price. Really like that they fit me because i was afraid that they wouldnt fit.", "Giving this item a 5 star because nothing can be said against the fit, style and comfort of these shoes.", "will make a good gift. Doesnt close completely perfectly but not enough for the recipient to notice so it didn't matter", "Bought these for my Grandson ( 12 years old) for Christmas and even he was highly impressed with the look and style. Leather - suede and carpet sneaker.", "These shoes are dope, I get complimented on them quite often and I haven't seen anyone else with this colour", "These socks are exactly what I was expecting. The fit is about perfect for me - my shoe size is 10 /12 - 11, depending on the shoe.", "I bought these sock for my twin boys.  They are avid tennis players and these seem to work well for them.", "I was looking for socks that I could separate in the laundry.  These filled the bill perfectly.  They came as described and on time.  Good socks.", "its Nike` .of course its good product. but a little to much money. after i got this order, i did see it in the stores, the price was much better", "These are the worst crew socks I've ever owned.  They may be long-lasting (per another reviewer) but they are sized smaller than ANY other crew sock I've worn - I wear a size 9 shoe and these are a real struggle to get on they're so small (I ordered a set of white and a set of black, so they aren't mis-sized - both are very small).  In addition, they have numerous loops of thread and/or elastic on the inside, which tend to catch on my toes, meaning I often have to make 3-4 tries to get the sock on (made even worse by their VERY tight fit).  Finally, the material is thinner than most other crew socks I've encountered.  I cannot recommend these socks to anyone.", "Medium weight, medium durability athletic sock, fits above the ankle on my size 10 foot.  Overall very pleased and feel that this is a good deal for what you get.", "These are my sons favorite socks.  White with a swoosh is the style.  I do wish the bottoms of the feet were grey or colored because they get stained too quickly.", "Not as comfortable and cushy as the Nike socks bought at our local Sears store. How many different styles does Nike produce? These are on the low grade side.", "Okay I've gone through a TON of Nike socks being a high school athlete. From normal performance Nike socks to Nike Elites socks to Nike Equalizers and so on. These ARE NOT the Nike Moisture Wicking socks. These are merely the CHEAP NORMAL Nike performance socks which you get get around 10-15 dollars at your local sports retailer. Please be careful with your purchase. It isn't that the socks are bad, it is just that they ones they are advertising are NOT the great thick and cushioned moisture wicking socks that I, myself, do carry and have.", "I wouldn't buy these again unless it was summer. The socks are thin and after a few washings, aren't holding up very well.", "The Nike crew socks are great quality as well as comfortable and your feet don't sweat as bad. Get some today", "these are very comfortable and well fitting socks. I highly recommend these socks to everyone that is very active.Excellent product at a reasonable price", "I purchased the white socks, and when they arrived I felt like something was not right with the socks. They didn't feel like the current Nike socks I own in quality and fit. Sure enough after one wash they were coming apart at the stitching at the top and never felt like dry fit material. I sent them back.  In my guesstimation they are knock offs, and not authentic Nikes.", "I am very happy with the cost and the quantity! You can't find them any cheaper but still a good quality for the price!", "They're socks. Really not much more to say. That said, they fit well, seem like they will hold up, and are simple.", "These socks are not he ones that are thick and last forever.  These are thin and probably throw aways after one wash.  I will be using them in my shop as rags.  They got me on this sucky purchase.", "The quality is not as good as i expected, although i didnt try them yet. its good for the price", "Socks fit well and are comfortable.  Only question is whether  the elastic will withstand multiple washing before elasticity is lost.", "Bought these for my stepson and he loves them! very comfortable and a nice thickness, not thin and flimsy! Was up nice too!", "Perfect for all you UM fans. Colors are bright and matches the jerseys just fine. Makes you get up pop", "delivered promptly met all expectations.  my grandson was thrilled.  he really thinks he can play basketball better with these socks", "I ordered these shoes because the price could not be beat.  It is a wide size and those are very hard to find in stores.  I received my order in two days and was beyond satisfied when I opened them up.  They look and feel great!!! I wear them everyday, they are light and super comfortable.", "Bought these for my fianc&eacute; and he just loves them. Great fit, look great. awesome colors. Would buy these again.", "My son seen these sneakers and said he must have them. as far as comfort he says he can't even feel them", "These shoes are funky as hell.....Comfy with or without socks....Did I mention they look amazing......coolest kicks I own by far....You will not be disappointed if you decide you want a pair..........", "Very stylish and comfortable sometimes hard to say about air force ones. And all around good shoes would buy again", "The shipping was kind of slow and confusing. I will blame the bad east coast weather. Other than that my son loves these shoes for basketball", "My son love this shoe. He wears them everyday. The ankle support is great and you can wear it with any type of jeans! It was a bit pricey!", "I like the shoes but they run small. I have to really loosen up the ties to wear them for a longer duration without killling my feet. The style is appealing and the inside is supportive.", "My husband surprised me with these for Christmas.  They fit perfectly and are extremely comfortable.  Very pleased with this purchase!", "So glad I purchased these!  I love my HOT pink Nike Air shoes, its like your walking on AIR ... Nike Air!!!  These are comfortable, light on the feet and I get compliment all the time.  So worth the cost!", "They look real nice, but the sizes are about a size to small. I suggest buying a size larger than you wear to have a comfortable fit.", "I wanted a change and I made the best decision, love the way the look and the way they fit. I use them all the time and never get tired, plus the colors are perfect.", "Really liked the shoe but when I tried on it was a bit too wide for me to play in.Seller got the order out fast to me and the shoe was as advertised.  Too bad I had to return but seller is working with me so would buy from this seller again.", "Almost all expectations requiered! Only the design was not aproved by my kids, above that, great product, very good price, Jordan brand most preferred by the people into the basketball world.Thanks.", "I LOVE those shoes ! They are really comfortable and pretty ! Everyday i hear like complements about them ;))  I highly recommend!!!", "While it's a nice shoe, I runs a bit big so you might wanna go with 1/2 size smaller. I'm a 6.5 and got the same and I wish I had the 6 instead. As for cushioning, it's kind of thin, thinner than how it looks all over. I hope they can improve or come up with a new model, looks really nice though.", "Best pair of running shoes that I have found, my back and feet don't hurt like they did before I bought these, am looking at getting another pair in a few months. I love the color :)", "love love love these bought these for my girlfriend and shes LOVES them she cant stop thanking me for them great shoe very comfortable and feels good to see an OG colorway", "They fit perfect and the colors is as expected and they look great on my feet and goes good with jeans", "These were a gift for my husband for Christmas.  He absolutely loves them!  They fit him well and arrived as expected.", "GREAT LOOK, FEELS GOOD, ORIGINAL STYLE, U STAND OUT IN THE STREETS, PEOPLE GIVE U COMPLIMENTS ALL DAY.. IF U WANT TO STAND OUT, BUY THIS, NO DOUGHT..", "dem shoes doe. they be so saggin and swaginn. man you bros really know how to make dem shoes. swag", "Color is as bright as it gets. Incredible shoes and very comfortable. Please with the Name attached to it yiu can't beat that", "Perfect for my very active 5 year old nephew.  Fits comfortably and is wearing quite well as is expected of a Nike product.  No regrets!!", "I purchased these after I purchased a pair of Lunarglide+ 5 earlier in the year. I liked the Lunarglides so when I saw that there was a waterproof pair I decided to purchase them. I live in New England and the weather changings very quickly and with rain and snow usually in the forecast for winter I thought these would be ideal to keep my feet warm and dry. They work as advertise, very comfortable and keep my feet dry during some of the wet weather. One thing to remember about Nike shoes is they usually run snug. I like that so I went with my actually size, if you aren't a fan of the snugness you might want to go a half size bigger or try a wider size. Also this model is very sharp looking, I have gotten many compliments on the style. I highly recommend.", "Fantastic fit-I have wide and flat feet. The width at top of foot is perfect even how shoe is not classified as a 'wide' fit. Great cross trainer shoe that fits perfect and great for cardio and weight training at gym. Highly recommend this shoe!", "I bought this shoes, and i love it. The size is perfect and its very light when im wearing it. 100% recomment", "Bought these for the hubby to start running. He says he likes it and likes that it is flexible and less restrictive then &#34;normal&#34; tennis shoes. He ran a few times with it and have not gotten any arch pain as he had in the past. Would recommend you get fitted or at least try the shoe out before purchasing.", "Bought these for my 14 year old son for Christmas.  He put them on yesterday and said they were much more comfortable than the Reeboks he has been wearing.  He seems to need a bit bigger size in Nike than he does in Reebok or Adidas for some reason.  Not sure if they run smaller.", "Bought these shoes for the husband and he loves them. The sole lifts your heels a little so that most of your weight is on the balls of your feet. He said it took a day of walking to get the feel for it as his other shoes aren't made this way. He loves them and now wears them everywhere.", "The paint pealed off the front on the sneaker within a few hours of my son wearing them to school.Shoemerica has no customer service phone number.  Only solution is an Amazon return.", "just a perfect shoes, comfortable, fit as expected... super light weight, i love this shoes for running or trainning at gym", "these were a christmas gift and he loved them.  sizing was perfect, color is just what he wanted.great price too!", "Not being a skater myself I always just look for something that looks good and these shoes do that extremely well, beautiful design and nice cushioning, wish they were a little easier to break in but all in all I cannot complain!", "These shoes look and feel great! They fit true to size. The shoes are great for long boarding and all around skateboarding. I hioghly recommend these shoes for comfort, style and performance!!!!", "These Nikes do not show dirt and seem to be lasting well. They do fit true to size. Would recommend.", "I am a military cadet and I love my fitness as much as the next guy, but these shoes really mean something. They have vibrant colors that have gotten several compliments. It matches my typical workout attire and the neon blues and green make this shoe something special.They fit like typical nikes, i wear size 11 in nike running shoes and skate shoes and these do fine. I have a wide foot, and nikes are generally narrow on myself and other friends. That being said, these fit pretty fine. The price for these shoes is worth every penny. Now I can lift weights in style.", "I was shopping around for these Nike Men's Air Defy sneakers and was on another site that I thought was very reasonable and said to my self, &#34;before I buy let me check it against Amazon&#34;.Well Amazon did it again and beat a competitor's price. I saved over $25.Thank you Amazon!!These shoes are so comfortable and I will certainly recommend them to anyone who are looking for sneakers that feel like they are wearing slippers.", "Love these.  I have medical inserts, but, work out regular.  These fit with the inserts and give ample support/traction.  I recommend", "I ordered these for my grandson so I can only give you his opinion.  He loved the shoes, said they are very comfortable and a a good fit.  His words were what I used for the title, awesome shoes.", "I had owned last year's version of the Dual Fusion and knew what to expect before purchasing. Shoe fits perfectly, very comfortable, good all around athletic shoe. Arrived withing two days as expected.", "Great shoes if you suffer from pronation.  This is probably my 4th or 5th set.  This time though, the laces are held with loops of the same lace material rather than eyelets in the pleather like they should be.  Most of the time, I go through two sets of laces before replacing the shoes.  Now, the shoes are shot when the lace loops let go.  Really concerned about the longevity of these shoes!  I may start shopping around for something built a little better next time if this is how Nike plans to do things now.UPDATE:After maybe 6 miles of running, the lace holding laces pulled out of the soles in the arch area.  Now have now arch support.  The failure is unrepairable.  Very mad.  Should have got a lot more out of these shoes for the price.  Not buying them again.  Now have a pair of AISICs.", "Had Fusion before so I knew these were going to be good but these are even better that I expected!", "Liked the shoe. They breathable and comfortable. Took some time to break them, but were them often. I recommend this shoe family and friends.", "Great shoe, they run a little small though. Everything else I what you would expect with a Nike product .", "Very comfortable running shoes. Do not soak. Beautiful. I fell in love with them running. Size 7 came on the 24 cm foot.", "COMFORTABLE!!!!! I'm a big guy, and I don't ever smile after putting on new shoes - I just wear 'em. These however, as cliche' as it may sound, got me feeling like I'm walking on clouds. Nike I've heard is a great brand, but actually wearing it is beyond compare.", "My daughter loves these. They fit as expected, they look even cooler in person, and they are super comfortable for track practice or a run in the neighborhood. Here's hoping they are also durable!", "I typically were regular width shoes. This shoe was much too wide for my foot. Sadly, I had  to return it.  Loved the color!", "hot pink HOT DAMN! love these cushy suckers, and I look fab in them too!&#60;3 Buy now ladies... or gents", "I purchased two pairs of these from different sources. Both pairs are pretty good but disappointed with the cushion for the ball of foot and toes. Great traction but without proper cushion uncomfortable. I had to purchase gel inserts for both pairs. I normally only buy Nikes so was a little surprised and disappointed considering what they cost.", "I love this everyday shoe, love the different colors... I would highly recommend this shoe.  I have 4 different colors and might buy more.", "These shoes are just as pictured. Comfortable for a jog or walk. Nice looking and practical. I would highly recommend.", "Nike product looked great& fit well. Again, these were purchased as a Christmas gift, so I have no first-hand knowledge of their comfort. My daughter is a workout freak, and she has worn them everyday for that purpose!", "My college age daughter asked for running shoes for Christmas.  When she was in junior high and high school she ran cross country, she came to prefer Nike running shoes then.  She says the fit of these shoes are very comfortable from the very first time she put them on. She has already put several miles on these shoes and is still happy with the fit and comfort while she runs.", "These shoes are lightweight and comfy, perfect for a runner.  I have high arches and these shoes have great support.  They also allow the foot some air to keep from being too sweaty.", "the very nice tennis, very nice color, very good warm shoes, are very well made, heavy ejecicio endure. I recommend it to people who do enough exercise", "This is a very lightweight and comfortable shoe. I think it's a little bit less that I'd want in a running show in that it's not the best underfoot padding and flexibility. However, the fit is great and the show is light and breathable.", "they are not real comfortable to wear all day, they need more cushion.  I am going to buy some gel pads.  so you might want to buy a half size bigger if you plan to put gel pads in them.  they are real pretty, I like them for a few hours.  I have a wide foot and they fit me good.  I wear a 10 in every shoe, and ordered a 10 and they fit good.", "The colors on this Nike just pop and they have the same great quality and comfort I have come to expect in Nike. I've received many compliments on my hip kicks.", "I love these shoes!!!!!! I'm a nurse,on feet all day. I wanted something comfortable and stylish for work to match my uniforms,this works great. My son,whose 10yrs old created this Amazon account,I stumbled upon it,I had no idea all they offer,along with free or real reasonable shipping,now I always order from them. It's fast,amazing products,and great customer service. Thanks Amazon.", "Fit perfectly, lightweight and breathable. These sneakers required no breaking in and fit like an old pair of friends. Love the punch of color. Great value for price.", "I love my new Nikes! The colors,the neon laces,they are very confortable I had to go out to run at the same moment taht i received them!", "I bought these as a perpetual Nike shoe purchaser.  They fit perfectly.  The colors were nice and bright.  I did a 3 mile run to break them in and had no complaints.", "They fit perfectly and are very light and comfortable once i wore them for a day or two to break them in. The back of them are very stiff so if you don't like that, these may not be for you.", "I love the colors and the comfort. I didn't realized how heavy my old running shoes were until I put these babies on!", "Nice shoe, but received the wrong size. Fortunately these are for my 2 1/2 yr old son and has room to grow into them", "Ive been looking for this shoe and finally I got it! Thanks for the awesome shoe! I was kinda hoping to look for a cheaper one but this was the one I seen.", "i ordered this m9 because i was a big fan of the m6. it complememted my dress code for the occasion and that signature &#34;M&#34; really makes everyone stare", "I got these as a gift for Christmas, They fit great and are very comfortable on the court. I'm flat-footed and these are still comfortable. I had an old pair of T-macs that I was using and my feet were killing me, I played in these for the first time the other day with no hurting feet.", "You get what you pay for. These shoes are worth every dime! Good fit, nice look and durable!!  Can't go wrong with Jordans!!!", "Glad I found these sweat pants at a great price.  They are of great quality and fit just fine. I love the elastic bands on the legs!", "please just buy the shoes, your childs feet will thank you for it when they are grown and they have healthy feet", "My toddler feels comfortable very easy for him to put on himself. I love them they look like they have a lot of comfort very easy and the make of the shoe is flexible just perfect when he runs and jumps around , I hope Nike makes this shoe throughout his growth so that I can cont. To buy this shoe as he gets older.", "So many toddler shoes have stiff unbending soles.  I think kid's feet should flex as intended.  These Nike Free shoes are substantial, but are soft and flexible too.  Plus, they are very cute, and easy to get on.  Our boy loves them.", "I Love the color that's why I ordered them. Stocking up now on kelly dark green clothes to where with them this coming summer I can't wait to show case them.", "Never owned a pair of Jordans, I don't believe in paying so much for a pair of athletic shoes. They are not the newest style but they never loose their cool factor and that's what makes this a great bargain.", "Theses are hot.i get plenty of complements when I wear these and they are also comfortable thinking of getting another color", "The Nike Rain Suit is a quality garment. The Jacket fit quite well, the pants were okay but a bit to long,  I may have to have them tailored.", "Awesome shirt, got it for a gift for my dad! He loves these Nike golf shirts, incredible fit and quality! Also seller was very prompt to answer a question of mine! Very nice!", "Great product and quick delivery, the real deal. Only thing is that the shoe is wide in front, not a shoe for everyone.", "my daughter plays soccer and this was a good value. fit as expected, comfortable. value was my biggest issue because as a sports mom Nike Pro bra are expensive but worth the $, this is better than retail and last", "I really like Nike products. This sports bra is excellent quality. The ONLY reason I didn't give it 5-stars is because I have also discovered the Marika Sports Bra that has INDIVIDUAL moulded cups so NO MORE UNI-BOOB! I'm actually wearing that bra more now. :/", "My son says they're awesome. They fit well, are comfortable, and according to a 12 year old, look very cool.", "These shoes color is so amazing. My son loves them. You will stand out in a crowd for sure. The fit is good and he said they make him run faster :)", "I love the brightness of the shoe! It fit's just how I thought it would fit. They came just in time for my indoor soccer season! I highly recommend these shoes and the brand is VERY trustworthy.", "The shoe came as described and fit as expected. This was not my first pair of AJ 1's but I am once again a satisfied customer. I can't speak for how they are to hoop in they are definitely a great casual shoe.", "Bought this shoe for my dad, wasn't sure he would have like it,  but he LOVES it !True to size and caters wonderfully for wide width feet. Was also pleasantly surprised by the quick delivery.My dad is almost 60 years old by the way :)", "My son loves these shoes. They arent as black as the picture shows. They have suede materail and it looks like a charcoal grey. The shoes still look great even with the color difference.My son skateboards and wanted these shoes for when he is boarding. They seem to do everything he expected them to do!!!! I just wanted them to look good and fit!!!! and they do :)", "My  son  is  satisfied  with  nike  hypervenom phelon tf.The  shoes is  good  design and  nice  color.  My  son  is  so  happy.", "The quality of the product is great and I received it well before the estimated date. My only issue is with the sizing. My boyfriend selected medium from the drop down on his wish list but when you click on the sizing chart is an international sizing chart and the sizes do not correlate to small, medium, or large. I&#8217;m sure when my boyfriend selected medium he did not intend to receive socks sized 6-8 for men, which is actually pretty small for most men.", "Great thanks Well i'm Very happy with my things. My kids are Very enjoy it them. Oralia mata. Happy day :) you are Very honest in time and price.", "We returned these because my son felt they didn't look like they did on the site.  They look bigger and chunkier.  He also didn't like the color.  They are good quality - sturdy and would wear well.", "The are an exact fit with football socks, it suits the football field usage and not too snug during actual play", "Nike quality.....exactly what you see in the picture. Really nice.....shoking color.......impossible not to be seen......My son is very happy with them!!!!!", "I have size 10 and always but any kind of shoes of this size. So I bought this pair and when I put them on, I felt a little uncomfortable. But when I started playing, they were extremely bad. I hurt my fit and wish I ordered a return...If you buy them, check the sizes, because they are likely 2 sizes smaller than they should be,", "best indoor shoes ever. great customer service. Very comfortable, but it has a narrow fit. They are really light and fun to use for street games.", "They are absolutely beautiful shoes. A little on the tight side as far as width since I do have a slightly wider foot, but it is preferred for indoor/street soccer so I am very happy.", "Just what my son wanted and ordered. Price was comparable to local sports stores who didn't have his size in stock.", "My daughter is wearing these shoes for indoor and it took her a while to break them in and get used to the feel.  She isn't sliding around much, but I think they would be better suited for futsal/hard court surfaces versus turf.  She really likes them and says they are comfortable!", "Got here sooner than expected. Fits perfectly, love to work out in it. Super cute. Love the retro look! Thanks!", "I do not like the shoe, while in the Marine Corps the Nike Pegasus was my shoe of choice for 14 years. This shoe is not the quality of the shoe I remembered. It looks and feels like a knock off. I have requested to return them from the vender but I have not heard from him yet. I am waiting for his response. I feel like I have wasted time that I will never get back ordering this shoe.", "I am usually not the type to order any clothing on the web, but i knew exactly which shoe fit as I tried them out at a department store.Since they department stores tend to drop lines and add new ones, you find yourself starting over with a new shoe each time.These were perfect fit and extremely light.The arch support is perfect and my foot is a little wide, which this shoe handles perfectly.", "My favorite Shox and I own several pair. Very comfortable shoes. I have a bad back so comfort is a must and Shox are awesome and they look great too. These are all leather so they'll take time to stretch for those with wide feet (like mine) but mine broke in in about a week of daily use.", "I BROUGHT THESE FOR MY SON WHO WORKS ON HIS FEET!!!NO COMPLAINTS!!!EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE ON HIS FEET!!GOOD PICK", "Perfect review, perfect shipping, offered really what reviewed by the customer, so highly recommend this product and well deserve price for quality in every aspect.", "My son has a shoe fetish for sneakers. He has  numerous pairs. These fit as expected and we paid less than in the mall. He was super happy on Christmas morning.", "The traction is what I was most impressed by. They added a couple inches to vertical leap. They are comfortable & breathe well during play. The ankle support is good.", "These were purchased as a Christmas present for a friend and he loved them. Mind you he did pick them out and they look so much better than they photograph.", "For my wife as a BDay Present.Turned out almost as expected, however it's not 100% thought for a regular use.", "The Hyperdunks are some of the best looking shoes on the court today in any colour! But this classic Toronto Raptors colour theme really stands out. Style and performance on the floor and in flight! What else could you ask for!", "I got them for my son for basketball season. He is a very happy b-ball player right now. Thank you", "Go bought these shoes for my sons friend who needed proper basketball shoes, they hug the ankle for maximum support and now I can be at ease when their out playing, and not twisting there ankles.", "So this shoe looks really cool. BUT the tong of the shoe is really thin. I have to untie completely the first two loops to get the shoe on and off. and the heel on this thing has more of a lip than my pool.  Not a fun shoe to play basketball in. I loose my balance every time I do a fade away or lean back. So i guess these will just be used as a normal over priced piece of clothing.", "I agree these shoes are maybe too much. I was lucky enough to be gifted 40$ to my local sports authority thus the 90 beans turned out to be a little less than 60$. Nevertheless, I needed shoes, these worked out great, and sometimes they just don't fit the perfect way. So if you like high-top basketball kicks, wear double socks, and these shoes are a good buy.", "Always hard to buy shoes on the internet, but I took a chance. My wife wears a women's size 9 so that's what I went with. They are snug, but they are supposed to fit that way because of the material they are made of and the way they are sewn. At first we thought they were going to be a little too tight but after she ran in them one time she is very pleased with the fit and function. So the size was right on as a snug fitted running shoe.Oh, and they weigh like nothing so it's like running without shoes but with a good arch and sole. Amazing engineering.", "I ordered these Womens Nike Free 5.0' and loved the color! The fit was a disappointment they run small so I had to return them.", "Every shoe I own and have for years is a size twelve, even Nikes.  But for some reason this year I'm a size 14 in Nikes.", "These shoes are very light and comfortable to play with. They definitely allow great mobility and performance, while providing ankle support and protection. Recommended!!!", "These sneakers have done the job. Held up for the basket ball season.My son is glad they are a tad big,as he is growing so fast!  My only complaint -they are way too expensive!!!!", "This is the shoe that our JV team picked out for game play. First game and the paint is coming off. I would add the pic here if I could. Found out that it happened with other players too!  Can't afford to send them back as they have to have them for the games! The students can't even wear them for practice - just for the games. They are going to look horrible by the end of the season. Not looking good for future Nike shoe purchases.", "The purchase of these shoes was a good purchase.  Because they were men sized we knew that the ones we bought would run a little big on my daughter.  The basketball socks she wears are thick so they help take up the excess slack in the shoes.", "My son loves these Nikes. He saves them for rec basketball games & when the short season ends, they are his go-to. This is the second pair he's had ( different colors).", "My nephew loves the shoe.  His high school basketball team enjoys playing in them.  This shoe fits perfectly and it is comfortable.", "Actually we picked the size based on the present Nike shoe my son is wearing but upon receiving the product and trying out we could have ordered either 10D 0r 10.5D. Don't know how to get the next size?", "runs 1/2 size small so when ordering order 1/2 size larger than normal. love the shoe great looking shoe and is very comfortable little snug to get on but i like my shoes a little tight dont want lots of room otherwise for work out shoes you will get blisters.", "These are the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned.  Along with these shoes I purchased a pair of Nike FlyKnit Lunar1+ shoes and tried them first, also wore them a few days prior to even trying on the Free Trainer 7's, and could not believe how light and comfy they were, and thought they were the most comfortable shoes I'd owned, that is right up till I tried the Free Trainers!  I highly recommend them both but these almost 3/4 style b'ball shoes are amazingly light and comfortable.  At first I thought they were going to be tight as the design requires you to loosen up the laces almost all the way down in order to get your foot into them, but once you do they fit (true to size) like a glove.  I purchased a pair of Asics gel kayano 19's a few months back as they are the closest shoe (comfort wise) to how I remember a good pair of Nike's, and these don't come close in quality and style of both these new nike shoes.  Do your feet a favour and buy either of these new Nike shoes.", "Flexible to run with and very comfortable. A little tight when I first put them on, but I figured that's how they are designed. Stylish as well and look great!", "Comfy shoes, great for the gym. No fear of rolling an ankle or slipping in these. Added an insole for a little extra arch support but I have really high arches so that was expected.", "THese have a built in strap over forfoot and help support my arch. Added some good inserts and they have helped my feet during work outs.", "also they make a noise on the airbubble every time I walk.  very annoying...like air is coming out of it.  but stylish", "Very comfortable shoe. That being said I like to lace my shoes very tight and it its hard to due with these. I had bought these for running. They are now more my casual gym shoe for running errands.", "What I expected. Nice shoes. Been looking for solid white tennis shoes,  because that is what my husband like to wear.", "these shoes are extremely dangerous. when it rains and you get the soap slips a lot, at the risk of breaking a leg.DO NOT buy them!!!", "These were at my door as soon as I ordered them and are everything I expected! Got them for work because I am on my feet alot and they are super comfortable. Also awesome for outside.. Easy to clean and waterproof!", "The fit is perfect. The style is gorgeous and they are so light. I love them so much, probably one of my better purchases!", "Very happy with this item, for both price and fast delivery. Will recamend to friends & family looking for this type of item.", "These are cute, light and comfortable shoes.  However I bought them for Zumba and they didn't work for me.  I have to be careful with my Achilles tendons and these shoes made them sore.  I will wear them for walking though.  They are very light and supportive.", "The toe box is wide and the pinch my feet with every step. Great colors. They are comfortable and flexible.", "I have sort of high insteps but it has never been an issue with tennis shoes before. I can barely wear these because they are so tight on my foot. My feet are not wide, kind of skinny actually, just sort of tall. The length is perfection and the soles are great. I just don't understand why they are so low. Won't get much wear out of these, unfortunately. Might try some longer shoestrings and maybe then they won't have to be so tight. I seriously almost can't tie them. If I make them too tight I can get a little knot, but definitely can't tie them like normal. Bummed bc they are super flashy and as I said, the footbed/soles are great!", "I've had 3 pair of the Nike City Court shoes over the last few years that I use for Racquetball.  The last two pair were GREAT!  This pair seems small - hopefully they will stretch out a little and be fine", "This was a Christmas gift but I had to return them because they did not have the size we needed. If you get these you will not be disappointed just make sure you get the correct size.", "the price is the same as the store,but I saved some time for going to the store to pick it up,its a great shoe,i will buy it this way in the future,if they get a better price,at least cheaper than the store", "Not at all a comfortable fit I shouldve purchased a size up (silly of me to order the size I wear). The sneaker also had paint on the Nike symbol and on the sole as if the shoe was spray painted.", "I got these for my 3 month old niece for xmas and they fit her perfectly, they never fall off, and they are adorable.", "These shoes are great and absolutely as advertised!  Arrived before due and with bonus material, extra set of laces. Love them.", "Love the shoes gave it 4 stars because they are not that comfy but overall nice shoes looks good with a lot of different styled clothes", "Got this as a gift for my friend, he said he wanted to try barefoot running and so he got the 3.0, he's already an advanced runner and said those are one of the best shoes he worn but he is yet to test them to the limit.", "I always have a hard time from deciding from nike and under armour I more go with nike for the flashy look when I running in the a.m so I can make sure people can see me when I do my 5mile run on the busy downtown area in the early a.m", "very lite! nice design.. easy to clean..fits perfectly on my foot.. very comfortable.. very flexible when excercising..i like it very much! i do not say this much but it was like the ad!!Nike did an excellent job here..", "I have owned several pairs of the Nike Free Run series shoes.  The 3.0 version 5 material over the toes is a weak point of these shoes.. I bought two pairs and they both have split at the toe after about 50 miles of running.  Otherwise I love the shoes.In contrast, I have the 5.0 as well and I have worn out the sole inserts after two years of running on them 10 to 15 miles a week.", "Sizing seemed way off.  Ordered my usual size and I couldn't even get it on my foot. Looks like a nice shoe but runs very small", "The shoes were awesome...My husband just has wide feet so this line is not best for him. They run a little too narrow.", "Bought these for my husband who absolutely loves them. He said they are extremely comfortable and they feel really good. The fit was perfect.", "I have wide feet, I always wear nikes to the, but these are a little snug on my feet. They slip on not  by lace.", "My grandaughter is really into her Nikes and was very disappointed that she could not pick another pair...size was different than any other pair that she had.", "Fits an average foot very well. Put them on and did 5 miles right away. Very light weight and well ventilated.", "First off, I followed the other reviews that these shoes tend to run 1/2 size smaller than advertised and for me, that was 100% true. I am normally an 11 and got an 11.5 and it fit perfectly. These have great support and are snug on the sides of my feet. I have been using them for about a month of marathon training and so far have no complaints. If you run 4-5 times a week for 3-5 miles, these are great shoes.", "Great running shoe. Solid,comfortable and durable. I believe they are going to last me a long time! When I see my runners, I get excited about working out!!", "Love these shoes!  I highly recommend them.  The size is accurate and the colors are just as they are shown online.", "she loved them and they fit her feet perfectly.  decent price  color is great and flexability is great for her", "This is probably the most comfortable Nike I have bought.  I bought them for the color and they are exactly like shown in the picture.  Fit exactly.", "The color is really nice. A little narrow. My toes were crying the first few times I worn them. Hopefully breaking them in will be more forgiving to my feet.", "These are the lightest workout shoe that I have ever used and really improves my stamina during workouts. Highly recommended.", "I love them!!! The color is awesome! Even came with an extra pair of laces (hot pink!). Doesn't have much arch support, so if you have a higher arch you will need to get inserts. WIN!", "I have been weight training for 30 years and tried many different training shoes desinged for squatting, clean and Jerks, deadlifts, etc.  These are far and above the best I have used.  It took a couple of workouts to get used to them but now I can really tell the difference in support, especially in the uppers.You can tell Nike did their homework and really tried to develop a shoe that provides stability when you are trying to support large amounts of weight.These are WELL worth the money if you train heavy.Note: I DO NOT reccomend these for normal non-lifting activites or cardio.  You need normal cross-trainers for that.", "These are exactly as advertised the amazing Nike Airforce 1. They are perfect and since it is so hard to find in suede in a light color I must give them 5 stars. You will have a very hard time finding light colored airforce 1s in suede anywhere else. And the shipping was amazingly fast. they were not supposed to be here unitl friday and here it is tuesday and I am wearing them.", "Big fan of the shoe. Great look and feeling to it. Nice colors to chose from big fan. Good for casual or even fancy places.", "I ordered a half size larger due to rapidly growing feet of our resident teenage boy, but he loves the shoes and wears them every day.", "My son wanted a pair of Lebron James shoes for Christmas.  These were one of the best deals we could find.  He loves them.  No problems with order or delivery.", "My son wanted these for Christmas, so I bought them. The color is awesome. He gets compliments on these every day. Not sure about the performance but he does play basketball.", "I'm a female but i enjoy comfortable shoes so i said cheese nips I'm gonna get some LBs and i love em and i only get compliments on em  so now  I brave sexy and in fashion but most of all im comfortable too ps vendor kicked it into high gear so i was wearing and tearing in no time recommend this vendor highly", "These were a 'Santa' present for my 15-yar old son this past Christmas.  He was over joyed.....Fit true to size", "i have wide feet and these are a bit uncomfortable to use while driving, but other than being tight i love them.", "I got these for my great grand son to start school in and they are still nice he wanted them.", "My son wanted these sneakers for the longest time; when he opened them Christmas morning, he was thrilled. Has worn them and loves them. Great price !", "These are what you would expect from Nike and LeBron James, the best, most comfortable shoes at a very good price. Besides being extremely comfortable, they are supportive around the ankle, have good traction, and look great!", "And he also says they fit perfectly, very comfortable. So I suppose I should give them high marks, as this is the shoe he wears most often over all of his other ones.", "Son wanted these for Christmas, he wears them to school on dress down days, and he says he gets a lot of compliments on them. He says they fit well,and are very comfortable. These are his first pair of trainers of this kindle of calibre.", "the reason i only  gave it 4 stars is beacuse they didnt have my size it was one size to big but other than that this shoes earns a full 5 stars the seller was amazing", "The shoes fit well and they look as they are posted. I would recommend them since they were a good price for the product.", "When i received this item i got two different colors of shoes. One was grey in color and the other one was brown in color. I returned it and got a refund which was great", "I could not find these shoes anywhere and I have been searching for a long time. They are awesome and some of the best shoes I have purchased!", "This shoe is rated as a lightweight racer for anything from a 5K to a Marathon.Not so sure about the Marathon...but I've worn it for 2 half marathons.  The first was a trail race with a severe downhill, and they were not the best on the trail.  But the second was on pavement, and the shoes did GREAT.As light as they are, they do actually offer good support for a neutral runner.  the tounge is of a different type of flat material and has some sharp edges so its best to wear socks with the shoe so you don't get chaffed by the tounge.  Not so sure tha tthe &#34;flywire&#34; technology offers a more custom fit, but it doesn't take away from the shoe's performance.I use them on short runs up to 3 miles, and speed work,  and for the occasional race.  I'd be interested to find out what they do in a marathon, but not really brave enough to test them out.The sole wears better than expected.  All in all I am quite pleased with the shoe!", "Great fit, comfortable for every day wear. or strong enough to go one one one. Wish I could have found them in all Red. but Still love the black and red!", "I like and chose this shoe because #1,I like the Color,#2,When I'm out and about,my foot isn't looking like the next 100-200 people wearing the same shoes,#3 Being different for me is me also being  A LEADER AND NOT A FOLLOWER,and last but not Least #4, IT SHOWS THE YOUNG PEOPLE THAT THERES NOTHING WRONG WITH BEING DIFFERENT,as long as it's IN A GOOD WAY!!", "I bought these shoes for my son.  The shoes are extremely light,  have great traction, fit well and look great.  The downside for my son is he is flat footed and the shoes caused foot pain.  They are also low tops.If you don't have foot and/or ankle issues, these shoes would be a great purchase.", "I play high school basketball and have worn these for every practice and game for two months. One thing I really love about them is that they are very light, possibly the lightest shoes I have ever worn.Don't be worried by the low-top and fear that your ankles are in jeopardy. I have run sprints, slides, etc. in these shoes and haven't felt discomfort once.Overall, these shoes are very light and perfect for a high school player that will be running sprints and conditioning. Highly recommend.", "very good quality basketball shoe some amazing colorful I love the out of the box is awesome I liked them.", "Fits true to Nike sizing, small. Unfortunately they don't make these in a 15. Otherwise they weigh next to nothing, they grip really well outdoors in snow and grass, a bit slippery on hardwood.", "I wear a 10 in Nike shoes typically but these were so small I barely got my foot in them.", "They look great and are very comfortable. They do run a hair small but not a deAl breaker. I love them.", "Run small, get a bigger size. Great for slip on after golf or around the house. Good for price though.", "Cheaply made. $15 value!!  The nike logo is all these socks have goin for them. I do not suggest this product!!", "These shoes were very tight, glad I got a 1/2 larger than most shoes. I think they'll give after I wear them a bit. The sole is real comfortable and over all shoe is light weight. I'd get another pair if I could find them.", "I THINK ARE MADE BUT NOT VERY SENT ME THE COLOR THAT WANTED BUT NO MATTER ALL IS WELL VERY", "I wear a size 10 in any shoe and I ordered a size 10 and it still didn't fit me", "I bought these for my husband or Christmas and was looking for some unique shox with a little green on them for Oregon ducks. He gets so many compliments on them! The color is great and they never stay dirty because you can just wipe them off. They were a little tighter than his previous shox when he first tried them on but I think it's the stiffer material because they quickly loosened up once worn.", "Never could find my size but I really liked this shoe. Looks as if this type of Nike Shoe runs a little small.", "My son been bugging me for these jordans since we seen them in the mall I was not able to find his size anywhere so I headed on line and wala.", "Fits great. love the way it feel, the only problem I had was color black is actually a wash black which is a no no for me.", "I was really excited to find these in my size, as I have to get half a size larger with Nike's, and 10.5 isn't always easy to find. I ordered these as soon as I found them. They just came today, and I a supremely disappointed. While I now realize that I am partially at fault for not realizing the description clearly states the color, I was under the assumption I was getting what is shown (white/pink). Be aware that what you are buying is NOT what is shown here! They are black/grey/orange in color. I will be returning the ones I received.", "This shoe is sooooo comfortable. I have 3 pair and can't go back to any other shoe. Love it!! Love it!!!", "ExelentExcellent product very happy whitty it, Excellent cuality, and feet me perfect, is a nice buy and very confortable. Thanks", "The was an excellent purchase and worth the money.  It fits well and looks great on my friend's feet.  Well done.", "So 1st of let me advise you I have wide feet so I generally have to get a size up just to accommodate with that being said these fit perfectly with the exception of the very top of the shoe (the part that wraps) is a little tall and was really tight like take 5 min to squeeze into it once my foot is in its comfortable but taking it off takes another 5  min now the design is great matched to a tee from the picture and if you bend the show the black design hides that extremely well so overall a great buy", "I get a lot of compliments on these shoes and they look great. If I want to wear something comfortable for the day, however, i reach for something else. They are well made but for Nike shoes they just don't fit that good. Maybe they need more break in time but you should definitely try these on before buying.", "These are fantasic basketball shoes, the lightest I've ever had. theyre not the most comforable so if ur planing on just wearing these shoes around theyre not for you but i didnt buy them for comfort anyway. They have great grip on indoor courts and all around great indoor basketball shoes.", "THE SHOES WERE EXACTLY THE WAS THEY WERE POSTED.. THEY WERE JUST TOO SMALL FOR ME. THEY WERE NEW AND IN GOOD CONDITION.", "i guess this shoe was made for wide feet, its a little to wide for me, but i like them and only paid like $40 so guess i'm gonna wear them", "Have wore the Nike Pegasus model of shoes for more than 10 years and they have been my only choice for running....logged many many miles as an active duty Soldier wearing them for physical fitness training every morning.", "They fit as expected and were great quality! I would definitely recommend these Jordan Play In These II Men's Basketball Shoes!", "Always like air forces and these lunar ones is something different so I had to get them. Air Force ones are always a good choice.", "I should say my nephew loves them, the look on his faces was the best ever, when he opened them up. He says they fit great and look great.", "Love love love my J's!! I'm a size 9 in women and purchased size 7Y,  the shoe fit great. Sometimes when shoes are men or boy sizes they shoe looks big on a women's foot, however my foot looks small in this shoe, so I'm very happy with the size and they way they look. Beautiful style and very comfy.", "Grandson told me he loved them they were one of his favorite presents. I have three Grandson's and 1 Granddaughter but she has disability with her feet so it requires to purchase two pairs of shoes. But yes I would recommend product to others", "My son loves these shoes by the pull tie still has him a little baffled. I thought these were basketball shoes to wear while he plays but it turns out they are not really for games just a 'fashionable' shoe to wear to school.", "Can't beat Nike for comfort.  You can stand in this for hours without feet pain.  Worth the price, buy it!", "Bought this for my nephew and he states he is very pleased with these sneakers.No other comments are required", "Hello I would just like to say thank you so much, My husband just received his sneakers today on Valentine's Day as expected. I am so happy that the product are just like the picture. Thanks a million.", "I would recommend this shoe to any sneakerhead as a daily-wear or knock-around shoe. The speckled sole helps the shoe keep its &#34;fresh out of the box look. The pink on the tongue is very noticeable, so if you are sensitive to that you might want to go with a different color way.", "It was a xmas Gift for my mother who is actively in Zumba and Spin and she 60 so she loved them !!!", "Fits perfectly ,love the blue laces and blue nike swoosh.Really comfortable.Would buy it again in a heart beat.just do it !!!", "Just fit as expected. Normal for Nike products. Nice bright pink color. Really a nice product and shipped in a reasonable time...", "Love,love,love so beautiful,they standing out love all the colors and How outstanding they are,love when Nike make something that alot of people do not have...love", "super cool shoes. Looks exactly how it does on picture only thing is that it is kind of a wide shoe. so if you have small feet you might want to get half a size lower than what you are. Also the rubber is supper durable and after about a month of wearing the shoe the rubber barely is worn down at all. Over all this shoe is super sweet and looks great with caky shorts or blue jeans.", "The shoe (for my son) fit somewhat large.The first day he write them to practice he got a blister. Didn't have time to send back. Seriously doubt, (this was the first time) I'll be ordering does off line in the future.", "I bought this because I missed the old nike low dunk premiums. This was a nice alternative, but nothing beats the old dunk lows.", "These sneaks were a little big in the toe region and had a crease across the front 1 hr after wearing them nike is a good company but this series is no good", "I bought these shoes for my athletic13 year-old son who doesn't like to tie his shoes.  At first he was skeptical of shoes without laces, but now he loves them.", "My son needed sneakers to train for his track team.  He really likes them.  They are comfortable and looks great.", "I bought these as a gift for my son.  The size is as expected.  They are comfortable and he loves the look.  I don't think they would be great for running as there are no laces to adjust the fit.  However they are great for walking around and as casual shoes.", "Love these socks/  They are constructed well and last a long time.  They hold their color and don't stretch out.", "Bought these as a christmas present for my son. He loves them. They look a bit big but when I asked him he said they were perfect. If you have teen age boy you know they would rather wear them big than go down a size. So they were a hit.", "Really love this Nike air max shoe! I have this shoe in multiple colors. It is a great lightweight shoe!", "this are cool looking shoes i dont have them yet but i am DEFINITLY getting them so it would be a good idea to get them.", "I love a good pair of Nike- especially when they are on sale. The issue with this particular shoe is in the front (the widest part of your foot). I wear a size 10 in all of the Nike shoes I can ever remember buying. I have never had a size issue with Nike. This shoe is way tight up front. I have tried wearing them as much as possible hoping to loosen them up to no avail.", "My son loves these.  They are comfortable ... A little pricey .... But they are comfortable ... And really made well!", "THE JOY THESE RETRO JORDENS BROUUHT TO MY SON WAS PRICELESS IT TOOK A LIL LONGER TO RECIVE DUE TO WEATHER CONDITIONS WERE THE FACTORS BUT THE END RESULT WAS PRICELESS TO MY SO . I AM SO THANKFULL  ALL OUR THANK KELLY KALLES", "I always liked the look of the air force one sneaker. Unfortunately they always had the reputation of not being the most comfortable sneaker. To me , Nike has corrected one of its biggest mistakes by using  a much better cushioning system. These are some very comfortable sneakers . The reflective material on the swoosh is pretty cool looking. I look forward to buying another pair of Lunar force sneakers in the future.", "They do not look or feel real...smh got robbed. I will never buy from them again. Don't look like they will last long", "I love these. They are low to the ground, light, but very well cushioned. No break-in time required. I have bought another pair since. If it's good for Federer...Delivery was prompt and very good.", "Always my go to for day to day kicks.  Good colors, solid fit.This required amount of words situation is super annoying.", "This is a good item overall, my son has being using these shoes for about three months not and they still in very good shape. I will recommend this item.", "cool&#65281;&#65281;&#65281;good&#65281;excellent&#65281;it fit me very well &#65281;color is good &#65281;comfortable&#65281;and slight&#65281;compared to other store it is better &#65281;the seller has good attitude&#65281;", "Absolutely LOVE these Nike's! They are beautiful looking in person and fit well. I highly recommend this product to anyone.", "Because I love Nike and they feel so awsome when I have them on I'm really glad I go these Nike Hyperfuse 2012 !", "My 13 year old son used this bag everyday for his basketball gear.  So far it has held up very well!", "This bag was very sturdy and well constructed.  It also has a divided place for wet things.  I would recommend it for anyone who needs a book or sport bag.", "my 16 yr. old son has used this almost everry day since early Sept. and it has held together very well", "My son loves this! He uses for back pack, not bulky or heavy, and its roomy enough for his laptop", "This is a very nice bag.  My son likes it because it has a separate compartment for his gym shoes so they don't have to touch his clothes.", "I loved this bag. I bought it for my grandson. I didn't hear any complaints. He appreciated it and I like to see him happy with gifts taht I buy him.", "It's nice, stylish and roomy. I bought it in grey/black and it looks good. Good quality so hopefully will last.", "These are nice socks. Very comfortable and a quality product. Ordered these for my son in High School and they were a hit.", "This shoe arrived and where it is supposed to be black they are a hunter green color. Nothing in the description says anything about green. They look horrible.  Not very happy.  Would look awesome if they were the colors described.", "These are great cleats for outdoor astro turf fields. I play three times a week and at first they were a bit small on my wide feet but after a few weeks they fit great. People can see your feet coming from across the Field because the color is so Loud but that's why I got them. Love them and recommend them. Just know they are a bit narrow at first", "This cleat snuggles around the contours of the feet and adjusts smoothly during play. It runs half a size smaller though.", "Really nice shoes, low weit and great quality, my friend was very happy with them, he is a really futbol player.", "I bought this product 1 and a half year ago. It was insane how good these bad boy felt. It was like a sock and it also a very minimal shoe. The cleat itself feature a low court feel.However since this shoe is minimal, it barely had any support, apart from the plastic heel cup. I loved this shoe and played in it every weekend.", "I love these shoes!! They match perfectly with my jeans. They are very comfortable, and do not hurt my feet. I have three boys, so casual looks are important. My boys even think they are awesome for &#34;girl&#34; shoes!", "My son thought they were a little tight - but he swore they weren't bad and just needed a little break in. He loved how comfortable they were, and said the color is awesome. He played his first game in them and mentioned that he has far more control. He also mentioned how he and his older brother (whom I also gave a pair) had a conversation about expensive cleats ... they didn't think they were worth the money, until they wore these. Now they understand that you do get higher quality with higher prices. I would recommend them.", "I bought this shoe for my son. He loved the shoe. The only problem is it did not hold up very well. He is very active and these shoes could not keep up with him. The hole was in the toe of the shoe and only had it 1 month. Just not worth the money.", "This was a true fit, and is a great buy. What a great addition to any Nike t shirt lover.", "This is the perfect sized gym bag for 1 or 2 pairs of shoes and a full change of clothes. It has a separate compartment for shoes and enough pockets for anything you may need. The only negative is that there is no pad on the shoulder strap (like it mentions in the description and displays in the photo) and it can get uncomfortable if you're carrying it for a while.", "Love it. It goes with everyting I wear and I wear these sneakers on a regular basis. Very comfortable and looks awesome.", "He loves them, I will purchase more for him! These are great. He says they are very comfortable. Thank you!", "first of all I have to say that I love the air max 95 version. secondly  great product and a great seller thanks a lot", "Looked everywhere for them.....should have know to just go to Amazon first would have saved me a lot of walking haha  They were my sons favorite present made him happy happy happy!! :)  Thanks for the fast shipping too!!", "Really loved it! Looks exactly as the picture, and the size fits perfectly. Recommend to anyone wanting to buy an Air max", "These shoes are great! They are a bit smaller than I expected, but they're not restrictive since they're constructed from a &#34;stretchy&#34; material. The toe-box is generous, even though the shoe is a bit narrow. Again the material has some 'give' and that contributes to the comfort that you feel when you wear the shoe. I love the look & color of the shoe itself, too. My only complaint is that the rubber separates on the bottom of the shoe (which is why it's called the Free) and little tiny stones tend to get lodged in between the rubber cracks. It's kind of annoying once I get to a hard, flat surface, because I can feel all the rocks on the bottom of my shoe. That's my only complaint. These are good shoes.", "these are hands-down the most comfortable sneaker i've ever worn. i leave the house and have to look down to make sure i have shoes on!but the 8 runs a bit small and there are no arch support supplied, so i often feel like my left foot is &#34;caving&#34; inward. i have to go buy a support and stick it in. hopefully that will help. but overall, i'd HIGHLY recommend the shoe itself and people always compliment the look!", "Comfortable with a good fit and nice material. I love the color and elastic type cuffs. It lives up to the brand name. It makes a good spring jacket without the need to be a hard nosed runner.", "Love the shoe but it was a little smaller than what I expected so I can not wear them everyday.", "Unfortunately, this jersey is poor quality. The Messi letters were peeling off after wearing it for the first time. Not recommended", "The jersey was a last minute purchase for my grandson. He loved it. I had even expected it to arrive after xmas but it came before which made it that much sweeter a deal.", "They were very fast sending the item so i could get it for Christmas.The price is very low and the quality of the product is extremely good", "I think its a decent quality. Im about 5:7 and i got a medium and it was perfect. The liga logo on the right is plastic and thats the only default i see in the jersey, other than that it is great!", "Unfortunately, this jersey is poor quality. 2 of the Messi letters were peeling off when opening the package. No invoice slip, no tags, only a foreign address from China. Very disappointing!", "Not as good as I expected....this jersey came with holes on the sides... Apparently These holes are suppose to keep you cool, but they are too big.", "The product is player-authentic, price is cheap very good deal. I recommend to anyone, size runs a bit small. GREAT!", "The medium was a bit snug and now I need to reorder it. But it did arrive earlier than expected.", "great quality great fit good price now if i can get my son to take it off he loves his jersey", "It took a while to get the product but it is coming from China so it's expected. To me the size was accurate as I ordered a medium and it fit my husband.", "I purchased this for my grandson who lives in Europe, plays and loves soccer.  He had a Barcelona kit that I had purchased in Spain several years ago but was now too small.He was SO impressed because this shirt was the OFFICIAL one!!  He slept in it the day it arrived and wore it all the next day as well.  You made me the most loved Mimi (grandmother) in the world.  Thanks!", "Runs small, order one size larger than normal.  Very nice jersey with high quality materials and structure.  Would recommend this to anyone.", "IT is one of the best jersey i owned, fits well for medium size, just taking one star as shipping is slow, had to wait for couple of weeks but totally worth it", "Excellent quality!!!! My son wears it to school all the time, Much better than the outrageous prices at the mall.", "nice i would by another or even tell my friends to try them or any one for that matter nice", "quality of the sweatpants fine - packaging very shabby and the sweatpants were the wrong size - not a good buy - an inconvenience to try to return as original packaging was poor quality", "Very good quality shoe. Came on Christmas Day and I was so excited to give my husband who is a huge falcons fan this gift.", "These are great shoes at a great price I've got so many complements on these it's ridiculous I love these shoes and they are super comfortable if u want these do not hesitate they ARE NOT a waste of money at all and they last forever this is my second pair", "I love the nike air force 1 , its reminds me the ol skool , still remember first type, all I can say this is retro. double thumbs up", "This was my second pair of Hyperflights (I have the Lunar's as well) and this shoe has gotten a lot of attention as well.  People have literally stopped me walking by and asked me &#34;What type of shoe is that?!&#34; and I proudly tell them &#34;Nike Hyperflight!&#34;.PROS:1. Attention-grabbing color combo (I call them my Sharks)2. Fit is beyond comfortable-feels like walking on air3. Great ankle support which is good rather you are shooting hoops or on your feet for extended periods of timeCONS:I have no cons!This is a great looking sneaker that fits like an ace.  If you are thinking about getting a pair, don't think anymore, just get them...you won't regret it!", "It was exactly what I needed for my grandson. It fit perfert and arrived on  time.A great surprise for him. Thank you", "Very nice I love them definitely what I need and a tennis shoe cant wait to get more thanks fly", "This is by far the best sneaker around.  I bought this for my child for PE. I had previously purchased the same sneaker different size and the shoe has lasted for 2-3 years.  The shoe isn't run down,  just dirty and small. I am sold on these.  They are pricey but well worth the money.", "First time having the lunarlon version of nike.  Very comfortable and easy to be on feet all day in the shoe.  For this particular style the fit is somewhat wide on the foot", "They're good i really like them i would recommend them to anyone who likes Jordan's gear to go and get them", "I already knew what to expect when I purchased these and I wasn't disappointed. Great price, too, since they go for as much as $110 elsewhere.", "In order to November 24. arrived on December 6. It was quite fast.There was a wrinkle or dent on the inside of the right shoe. I do not know b grade or at the time of packing.It is an effort to get rid of it and put the shoe keeper. No plans to return.I'm happy. I will use the next time if cheaper price.Item Subtotal: $71&#12288;Shipping & Handling: $50&#12288;Sold by shoezooThank you", "He mentioned that he didn't understand why people would pay so much for cleats...until he wore these in a game! He spoke about how comfortable they were (fit to size) and how he noticed how much more control he had handling the ball. Basically he said his old cleats let the ball slip and slide by, but these almost gripped the ball. He needs to get used to it but he LOVES the potential. He also mentioned the black color was really unique and he thought it was very cool (and not like other simple black cleats somehow)...based on his joy I would recommend them.", "For basketball :) I've tried them on not performed in them yet.Nice light shoe :) for sporting events. Great", "they are comfortablethey just exactly what I expectedif you like shox you will love theseI could not be happier", "My husband loves these shoes. Easy to wipe clean and hold their color. 4 months old now and still feel like the day he got them.", "I'm a size 9 in nearly every single one of my shoes.  I have the Atlas 2's in a size 9 which also fit perfectly.  However, these ran about a half size too large.  I think I'll keep them and see how they fit after breaking them in.  I still received quite a few compliments and can't wait to take these for a run.  That's not something I look for from shoes...but nice to have.I prefer cross trainers as the provide more arch support.  They are also great for power lifting (squats in particular).  New &#34;running&#34; shoes really don't provide the stability required for heavy lifts.  Granted, many people are lifting bare foot these days.  These are comfortable, &#34;heavy&#34;, and stylish, but don't beg for too much attention.", "Great backpack.  Well constructed with lots of compartments to store and organize everything and looks good as well.  Side pockets are adjustable and large enough to fit the large Gatorade bottles or can be tightened to fit a smaller water bottle.  Great features.", "Just sent back and they received today will see how the credit is applied to card Ill keep in touch, everything went well so fare!!!!!!!!!", "I use this sneakers every day when going on my daily 3-mile walk. They were a little uncomfortable at first but now they are just right. I hope that they will last as long as my last pair did. (3 years)", "High quality, convenient and practical, wonderful color, lots of pockets inside, hard to buy this bag in VENEZUELA I recommended this product", "purchased for my son (age 14) he uses it for his gym clothes at school and really likes it. Would purchase from seller again.", "Nice and roomy - my son's giant size 9 shoes and a large water bottle fit in nicely.  Well made and looks good!", "A great gym bag, well made and a good size. It holds sneakers and a change of clothes but is small enough to fit in a locker. The carrying straps make it convenient to wear as a back pack or over one shoulder. My son really likes it.", "It arrived fast and there's nothing wrong with it. Just notice the size. It may be too big for a girl or kid but does perfect for a guy", "Was purchased as a gift for a nice, young man.He needed it for school and sports.Great bag for anyone.", "Great to carry a soccer ball around in, but a bit expensive for a ball bag.  Grandson loves it, that's what counts.", "This bag is Great for any teenagers basketball equipment. It has plenty of room for shoes and shirts and any loose items they have.", "Nice fit, really light and comfortable to play with. Definitely worth the buy. Highly recommend these for basketball sneakers .", "I have been wearing these for a few months now, and they are wonderful. Very comfortable, and they are showing very little sign of wear. Highly recommended!", "I bought these shoes as a present for my wife and she can be very picky when it comes to shoes. Since she put them on for the first time she has said nothing but good things about them.", "They looked like sport and excercising pair of shoes, but were much better.  They can even be used to go out ocassionally.  Colors and details are accurate.  I gave them to my sister-in-law and she loved them!", "A dream of many years to come true and I'm love them to the fullest, Thanks for making it easy for a man's dream come true. What an awesome pair of unique basketball shoes.", "I got these shoes for valentine's day, even though they are mens shoes. I love the pink and coral tones, beautiful. I am such a nike air force 1 fanatic, these are a must have in your collection. I would definitely recommend.", "These shoes are perfect and comfortable. They are eye catching and I get many compliments on the shoes. I would buy another pair.", "I absolutely love these shoes!! Their comfortable, and I love the look. They fit true to size. Everytime I wear them I receive compliments.", "Wore them for the 1st time today.  Great traction on a slippery court.  Good ventilation, and high ankle support.  There seems to be a plastic piece on the inside of the right shoe that is rubbing my small toe.  Not sure if they just need to be broken in or if this is a defect.", "Loved this bra!  Great color and fit.  Being reversible allows me several different options when pairing with pants and shorts.", "Bought for my daughter and it is now her favorite bra. And she loves that it's reversible and that it's two colors.", "Great shoe. Nothing but compliments.  Eye catcher.Was actually looking for another shoe when I came across this one. Glad I went with this one.", "My boyfriend loves these shoes! He usually hates wearing ruining sneakers, but these shoes fit well and are very cozy. Great buy for someone getting back into running!", "This item was not as described.  It might well be a child's large, but it is NOT a youth large.", "If you wear a size 11 shoe . Then you should order a size 12 shoe. It runs a size too small. The fit and comfort is good.", "These are true to size & of great quality. Looking forward to buying more pairs in different colors for him! Son says they are very comfy!", "Live this sneaker! I love the fit, color combination and overall style of the shoe. It is an unexpectedly heavy shoe so be prepared for that. That and the price would be my ONLY complaint of this shoe.", "I love them. They fit perfectly and I always get compliments on them. I highly recommend them to other people.", "I love these shoes.  They're so comfortable and fit true to size.  Can wear them with jeams or sweats and still look cute.  I don't use them for working out but as an every day shoe they're great.", "I normally don't pay this much for tennis shoes because I don't wear them often well purchase them often but I love these sooooo much and I needed these because I need shoes with good support (bad feet) for workout, work and play! You won't be displeased with you purchased.", "I am dissatisfied wit this product because when i received this pair of shoe it was completely the wrong shoe. I received a black shoe and it was not as pictured. The picture show a red airmax 90 premium running shoe and i received a black shoe. Please do not buy from this seller they sent me the wrong shoe.", "Light weight and cute. I'm a nurse and I run around in these all day without my usual arch supports. My feet feel great at the end of the day.", "Best shoes on this planet. I love how comfortable they are. I could fill my closet with these shoes in every color and be a happy girl.", "I have never ordered shoes online because I like to try them on first.. But I took a chance. And I normally wear Nike. So the Nike sizes are the same  so was not tooo worried.  And they fit great !", "Love this shoe!  Husband has back problems and this is the only shoe that helps his back while walking.  Fit is a little snug but if you are a nike lover you know this.  After a few wears its perfect and or buy a size in a half bigger then you would for another shoe.", "Comfortable, durable, great support are how I would describe these shoes. They fit well and support my feet very well.", "Comfortable, fits perfectly, good quality has expected, perfect for running with a lot of gripRecommend for sports or daily use", "my  grandson wear this shoes every day - also in this snowing wheather and he has no problem with wet feet. But is he have cold feet i can not say. But I will him ask and give this information to you as soon I have itOverall:P My grandson is happy and loved them a lot", "These shoes are the worst pair of basketball shoes I have ever owned. I had the for 1 month and the broke in three different places to where i cant use them any more. DO NOT BUY!", "I'm happy with this hoodie!  It's comfortable, soft, sturdy.  Got the large originally and had to return it for an XL.  I'm not overweight and normally wear a large.", "It is a gift to my grandson. He is thrilled with the fit and performance. If for myself, definitely a different color.", "i love this shoe, it feels great on my feet, id like to get an extra pair any time soon", "My son love it!  He wears it for basketball.  Gets comments about it at very game!  He wants to buy another pair.", "My girl loved them and I must admit if I had a vagina I would wear these too..the free run+2 are my favorite free runs and the pink on black is nice, real nice!", "My father in law bought some of these shoes 10 years ago and now just replaced them!! He loved them!!", "these are hard core tuff. They still give me the Nike Experience. just Awesome. I purchase alot of stuff online. And this pair of Nike boots ROCK.", "I love this purchase. Looking to pickup another pair I saw that was not available in my size when it does before available.", "I purchased these boots for my grandson, He loves them, he said the are very comfortable, warm and are doing great  for our wintery snow storms, they arrived within three days and I am very satisified with this purchase.", "I wear a Nike 9.5 for all of my other Nike brand shoes.  These boots in a 9.5 seem to run a tad bit larger, however for my purposes it actually worked out great.  I wanted to wear very thick socks and they fill the void quite well!  I have been wearing these boots now for about a week and I am surprised to say I have to agree with all of the other reviewers out there that these boots are in fact comfortable to wear.  They don't feel overly clunky, or heavy and I can walk around in these boots all day without any weird rubbing or discomfort.  I hope these hold up for a while, but if not I would definitely buy another pair again.EDIT:I had a chance to use these boots in NYC during the cold weather and in snow!  I walked miles and miles on end and I did not suffer from any hot spots or blisters.  My feet were sore and fatigued but that's normal wear and tear from walking and standing around for 8-12 hours a day.  These boots held up so well!  I stepped in a few puddles by accident and snow was building up around the toe box area and my feet were warm and dry with some thick socks.  I can't say enough positive things about these shoes for what I used them for.", "Yes, i do! I love when i run whit this sneakers. They fit perfectly, the price is good and look great!", "When I bought these I wore them with socks. After a few hours my feet were so sore and started to hurt because the shoes felt really tight. I have narrow feet like how you'd expect a woman's feet to look, (although I have seen some women with pretty stubby looking feet) so I wondered how other men who normally have wide and stubby feet would fare in these.  I then tried em without socks and they felt 100 times better!  I concluded that these shoes are meant to be worn without socks: 1) Their hard to put on with socks on. 2) Their too tight with socks on. 3) They're easier to put on without socks. 4) The opening of the shoe looks to be an imitation of an ankle sock.  Yes use them for running. You'll feel lighter. The shoelace is for looks really and serves no real function. Without them the shoes would look like slippers.", "Quick note: the shoes come out of the box a little curved at the toe, like an impotent shoe ready to be broken in, and they kind of remain that way after several runs.  The image above makes the shoe look odd.  This has no effect on my review, or their performance, however.On to the shoe.  I've always like nike free, but went through a falling out with running for a while.  after picking it back up by transition into Barefoot running, Vibrams, then NB Minimus, I bought frees.  Loved 'em, but didn't like how the shoe was shaped like either foot (curving left or right at the toe box).  I got an email from Nike showing the release of the Flyknits, and absolutely had to have them.They took a week or so to get used to: wearing w/o sox is the preferred style, and this allows the elastic opening to chafe the front of my leg, right above the top of the foot.  It went away, and running was never the same.- Shoes are super light and responsive.  I don't HATE thicker more cushioned shoes, but I don't wear them.  I like a more natural feel, and these deliver.  The 7-4mm drop is just the amount of cushioning I could want, and the outsoles are soft and super flexy.- the flyknit material keeps the shoe tight and on your foot, even w/o sox.  No friction, no moving, great ventilation.  Somewhat constrictive, but it feels great.  also keeps a nice, curved shoe that doesn't force your foot in a flat or straight position, and doesn't fight against pronation.- can run with or w/o laces.  I keep em just to maintain that shoe look, rather than skittles colored house slippers, but I haven't adjusted them in months.- if you like minimal, or rather, running on the front of your foot, these may not be the best for you.  they help maintain a good forward/midfoot strike, which I like (and if i wanna switch it up i thrown on my NB minimus road).  the soles are rather wide and long, so there's much more contact, but they're sectioned, allowing more surface area, thus more responsiveness around the whole foot.- not ideal for racing, as the bottoms are a little slick, at least for a track or hardwood surface (my school's gym), but they're great for asphalt and gravel (no annoying rocks stabbing the bottom of your feet).- colors: awesome.  something about the &#34;heat map pattern&#34; that supposed to articulate your foot's pressure/contact points, but I'm not sure about that.  either way, they look super!- price: way too much. I was a bit impulsive by getting these; I was walking by the nike lab in la outside the x-games and had to have em.  but they've proven to be a great investment.  I would do it again.  shoes are hearty, soles are tuff, colors are way out there, lightweight, fast, responsive.  just way groovy shoes.  even good in the rain, despite the lack of traction material.I'm not one to go nuts about reducing shoes and running down to the science, cause it gets us nowhere.  I just happen to find a great pair of shoes at a not-so-great price.  i don't buy into the scientific jargon and rules for running regarding pronation and forefoot/midfoot/barefoot/upsidedown foot blah blah.  I'm 30, and have been running religiously since I joined the Army Infantry in '02, which put my feet through hell, and I've never had a running problem, except when I stopped for a year and picked up smoking.  If you're looking for a new way to run, try these out.  get away from what the fleet feet- ers and the action runners and whomever tell you.  the greatest runners run the way they feel best, not how others tell them to.", "the size is diferent from other brands. smaller thar supra or adidas but with some use it finish by fittin correctly", "My son perfectly liked it. Fits well for him and the price I pAid for it is fair enough. A++++++", "This shoe is great for wear casually with shorts, sweats, and even jeans. I would not recommend for workouts. I did not purchase these shoes for working out. I have had several compliments on this pair of shoes. Overall I am extremely satisfied with these shoes.", "No problems with the shoes.  Breaking them in is easy.  Need to do a cost comparison between ordering online and buying at the Nike Factory Store.", "my son love this sneakers and it fits him very very comfortable  I have no regrets  I will recommend it", "Sleek, low profile and unassuming....and a terrific court shoe for my 8 year old son.  Highly recommend it.  We have just received it and my son is using only for time on the court so have not all that much time with the shoe so far.", "I have received so many compliments on this sneaker.  One of the reasons I like shopping on Amazon is because a lot of the items are unique that you can't find in stores.  The color is an exact match (I was a little concerned) but definitely true to color.  Sizing is perect....love Nike 3.0.I actually use these as cross trainers rather than running....but not to say I won't run in them.  The camo fabirc is a hit in the gym....love, love love this shoe.", "Online I thought these shoes were beautiful, as they were in person.  But upon trying them on I found a slew of things wrong with these shoes. Right under the first lace is a plastic piece that when you bend your foot digs into your toe.  It makes such a strange crease and is unbearably uncomfortable, definetely in no way shape or form a running shoe. the plastic tip on the toe also makes a strange feeling, its just hard and not flexible at all for the gym or running. the shape is weird as well. they look like platypus's on my feet and dont conform to my foot at all. Severly dissapointed and sad.", "This was purchase for my son; he loves it. He says that it fits him perfect. I will purchase another one for him sometime in the future.", "These shoes are awesome,couldn't find my size in the mall.Great kicks will buy again in the future a a a.", "Wear them every day in this wintery Michigan winter. The Nike Mens Air Max Winter Boots are light and warm with good tread and traction.A down side for some one is the amount of snow tracked in in the treads, but that is not my problem.(-_o)", "Shoes fits nicely and are very comfortable. They are very good in cold weather.  Feels like you're walking on air.", "I bought these boots for my son for Christmas.  I gave them to him already and he immediately put them on and wore them that day.  He loved them.  They fit perfectly.  I researched prices before I bought from Amazon and every other site was about $20 higher so I feel that they were a great deal.", "I work as a mechanic working 6 days a week the keep my feet dry and very comfortable the design is very rugged there oil resistant and slip I love them", "These are my 3rd pair of Nike Air Max Goadome Black Boots!  I've had everything from Caterpillar, Timberlands, Lugz, Doc Martens & NOTHING can compare to the comfort level of these boots!", "The most comfortable shoe I have ever worn,and I wear these 5days/8hrs/all year at work.I am on my 2nd pair,1st pair lasted 2 and 1/2 years and I wore out the inside before the outside,a1st for me.I am a retired police officer and have worn Bates,Timberland,Thorogood,Knapp,Danner,Wolverine and Rockies and these boots are by far the best.Pricey,but any of the aforementioned boots are as well.Nike hit it out of the park with the ACG.Highly recommended!!!", "I can not say enough good things about these boots.  I am a cop and I wear them at work every day - 5 days a week - 8 hours a day.  They are extremely comfortable, especially compared to the other boot choices.  One pair will last me through the entire year.  I know they seem a bit expensive, but it is well worth it.  In this case you do get what you pay for.", "The Mens Air Max Goadome  2013  Winter Boots Black Size 11, Medium looked and was of good quality on the exteriorand was a rugged out door shoe.The only Problem with the shoe after trying it on was that it was to small in the width only size medium, I like to wear a wider shoe.In the Nike Brand I use a 3EE and found it very comfortable as when it is wider.So Since the width was not comfortable I sent it back to the seller.", "I like them they just was the wrong size I need a 10 wish I can return and get my size.", "my Girl has wide feet and has to go to men's shoes to get a good fit.  She really likes these.", "I purchased these for non-running CrossFit activities and they are great.  They look good, feel good on your feet, and are very well made.  I highly recommend this shoe!", "These shoes were purchased for a friend's sister.  She loved them!  They arrived quickly and the price was perfect.  They would buy them again.", "This shirt fits well and looks great. It can be worn for running and is perfect to wear at the beach since it is so light", "Poor quality, not a quality product.  Nike swoosh rubbed off the first time they were worn.  Don't waste your time, buy somewhere else.", "These for my fiance for Xmas great price great shipping I gotta say I love air force ones very reliable durable shoes I'm happy with purchase nd so is my babe", "Great Product, fast shipping. Son wanted these and we could not find his size anywhere else. Made His day when he got the shoes he wanted.", "My husband now has three of these shirts, two in white one in this neon yellow/green.  He runs early in the morning before sun up and this year Texas has been very cold. He hates cold weather but is a disciplined runner and he is very happy with these shirts so I bought this 3rd one for Christmas.  He is 6' 2&#34; broad shoulders and 32 waist at 172lbs and the large fits him very well, not compression-snug but comfortable for running.  The neon is perfect for visibility and the white is pretty good also.  The white does tend to get dull in the laundry however.  I don't dry these in the drier, but check the directions, it might be fine.  Would love to find these cheaper, but since he's been wearing them continuously this winter, it was money well spent.", "Great for running in cold weather. A lot cheaper on Amazon than in the store. Prime shipping is the way to go on all products.", "Terrible sizing way too small compared to it lust had to return they more like women's size. don't buy these several people have returned them for the same problem", "I got to pick these out for myself for Christmas, so I know that they are awesome!  I have got to try them out already and I love them!", "I ordered these shoes for my son (Christmas).The shoes are awesome looking.  I have a pair of Nike Shox myself, and boy are they comfortable.The blue is nice looking.  Darker than Baby Blue, so your man will surely like these shoes.", "This was a Christmas present for my son and he loves it!  Fit, color and price were all acceptable.  I would purchase again.", "Seems to fit extremely big but I know next time to order a medium in this material or a small", "This hoody is a perfect fit for my grandson and he loves it. In fact, Nike makes some of the best products out there. I really believe in their tagline, &#34;Just do It!&#34;", "Very comfortable shoes. The shoes are great for working out or everyday use, but a little pricy.I would recommend this shoe.", "Really comfortable, it feels like I'm not even wreaking shoes, the feels are amazing, I would buy two more pairs of I could.", "These shoes fit perfect! They are very nice color! The pink on it's more salmon and I like that a lot! The green inside is awesome!", "This backpack is great. I was looking for a rolling backpack that didn't look childish and this one was great. It is also very spacious, I could fit two textbooks and my laptop without a problem. The only thing I don't like is that the pocket on the back (to tuck in the straps) doesn't have a bottom. Sometimes the straps will peek out and drag on the floor. It's minimal compared to the quality of the product though.", "My son needed a rolling backpack to hold all of his heavy books.  He went through a few more expensive ones.  So far, this one is holding up - no holes and no problems with the zipper.", "Good color. My 8 year old boy liked it a lot... but!!! these rolling backpack needs to be fortified at the bottom near rollers, inner edge particularly. Cause that is the part where wear is taking place mostly... this one, not so good. Worn out pretty quick after a couple of month... now, can't use it. the hole is too big... I wouldn't recommend it if you want your kids to use this for a whole year.", "Took me about a week of all-day wear to break these in. Great colors, can wear them with just about anything. Decent arch support, and they wrap snugly around the sides of your feet (like most quality Nikes do). I really do prefer the Nike Flex soles, they are very comfortable for walking/standing for long amounts of time.These shoes have breathable vents on the front and sides, that let air travel over your toes when you are running or on a windy day. It was neat to actually feel them working as described. Because of this though, I wouldn't necessarily recommend them for winter wear.", "Bought this for a 10yr old boy and he loved it.  Good for basketball or just everyday wear.  Highly recommend--Great shoes!", "i love this sweater! i bought it because my job is always cold and they expect us to just take it? i think not! anyway this definitely keeps me warm at work and when i'm walking around outside. it feels like it holds your body heat inside of the sweater.", "I'm a Nike fan so these were a no-brainer. True to size and easily converted from men's sizes to women's. Quality material and the color is very rich. Really comfy too! Love love love them!", "My Granddaughter wanted these sneakers because of the popular style and vivacious colors.  They proved to be exciting to her fellow classmates as well as teachers. Her stylish dress has placed her in a special dressing class; very popular with her school siblings. She has already ordered another pair with different colors. She's watching closely for other new and upcoming styles.  Although a special Kid's size, they fit perfectly when utilizing the available size chart. Thanks.", "It was the first Jordan that came out. I could not find the original color but this one is a good replacement. It came really well packaged and it wasn't damaged or anything.", "bought for my boyfriend to match his miami heat jersey for xmas. he loves them and wears them often. gets compliments from his friends too.", "it brought for brother .he very liked it .I think may be is not good for him,but whatever he like it  ,it enough", "Awesome shoes as always from nike. After 3 months of wear they have broken in nicely and the leather and stitching is like day one, 6 months later. Get some j's, they've been in style since 1985 :) Nikes do run narrow so if you wear a 12, nike says 13. would recommend to anyone.", "I like my jordan shoes. It's beautiful shoes and I wear everyday. I feel smooth my shoes.  Great shoes like it", "Looks great. Same cushioning. But the lack of mesh (as would be found on other 5.0s) makes this shoe narrower. It's not made with mesh upper by synthetic upper, except that it's thicker.", "FAKE!!! CLEARLY SEE THE POLKA DOTS!!! Don't be fooled by the false advertisement. Don't let your money go bye bye.", "These are 70 dollars u.s. ordered from alibaba express. why pay 200? I am not a paid spokeperson.Just a customer that does not want to pay alot for shoes", "My 8 year old son Loves these shoes! They were a bit pricey but they are very light and seem well made. Very nice baseball sneaker. The colors are nice too", "Really loved the shoes because I work in a warehouse full time and I usually stand up all day 10 to 12 hours a day and they just greatly help me out. The shoes also go good for working out and jogging, doing daily routines because they are really comfortable.", "This was a gift for my husband, who is very picky.  He loves them.  He said this is the first pair of shoes he didn't have to &#34;break in.&#34;", "Only complaint that I have is about the box. It was pretty beat up, and when your giving these as present it kind of takes away from it. Other than that, shipping was awesome! Also shoe runs about 1/2 size too small.", "My daughter is a tomboy and fell in love with these sneakers but we couldn't find them in any store in her size.  Amazon had them and she just loves them!  Shipping was a little delayed due to all the snow in the Northeast but she says they were worth the wait.", "I liked the overall look of the shoe and I'm partial to the sir max line of Nike. I'm a picky shoe guy ad these shoes ended up being perfect. Illbuy another pair.", "Getting a boy to try on shoes is hard enough, but try getting an 18 year college freshman to try on anything expect an attitude is a miracle. These did the trick!He received them at Christmas and flipped, but they run one half size big.No issues with getting the next half size down size. Thanks Amazon!", "My son picked these shoes out and he loved them and has been wanting another pair in another color so it looks like I will be back!", "one of the best shoes i have ever put my foot into, want to buy a bunch more just to have them incase they stop making them", "Good shoe for my son's big ol' feet.  Needed these shoes in a hurry and the seller got them to me very quickly.", "Bought these for my son, and he loves them. Look great, and comfortable. Not able to comment on how they hold up to play (abuse) because the season has not started yet. With him they will definitely be tested, but if they're anything like the Nike Soldier VI's he grew out of this year, then we're in good shape.They were very good quality shoes.", "The sneakers are really comfortable and they fit and look great. They are expensive but they are wearing well so far. Amazon's price for this was the best I could find.", "my grandson seen these shoes in Hibbet sports, and loved them. They coast a lot more there than at Amazon. He wants more.they look good on.", "This shoes are cool bought like 4 pairs and they are nice, they are really nice for basketball and every body wants some. If u don't have aany gef some....", "If you are looking for a TOY, light weight, somewhat flemzy is would be fine. I needed something that more closely resembled an actual AK47 for use as a prop. This is NOT it.", "I ordered this as a birthday present for my teenager.  As soon as we opened the box, we all noticed a large portion of the gun was broken and the &#34;inferred laser&#34; wasn't even included.  It is an extremely poorly made item and isn't worth half of the admittedly cheap price.  I will never order from this seller again.", "I was new to the world of Airsoft guns when I purchased this for my 12 year-old, so shame on me for not reading more reviews. The gun itself is made of incredibly cheap plastic, and you will be lucky if 1 out of 50 bb's make it out of this thing. (And yes, we have the right size bb's) We took it out of the box and the collapsible butt stock broke immediately. We put the scope on- and the top of the gun broke off, rendering the &#34;mock scope&#34; useless. I returned this item the day after Christmas, great service from Amazon but insanely, terrible item.", "These shoes have not only made my feet look amazing in comfort, they have changed my life. My son Tony loves them, but he often gets on my nerves asking me questions like &#34;Daddy can we eat today&#34; or &#34;Daddy can I go to the dentist, my teeth hurt&#34;. But I just show him these bad boys and  he knows his sacrifices are worth it,", "Has been my favorite style for years.  Hard to change when you find something you like.  Only thing I noticed about this particular color blend is that it got dirty really easy and I even have a white pair that stayed clean longer.", "I bought these for my 12 year old son. He is very picky about how shoes fit, but these fit perfect. Looked great also!", "My daughter wanted these. They are boy's sneakers. Still, great kicks. Should've waited but, she just had to have a pair w/ &#34;shocks&#34;.", "The label on the bag the socks came in says they are L but the Nike packaging that wraps around the socks says XL.", "The socks warm my feet a bit more than than I expected but it is made of good quality and confortable material", "I am size 9.5 / 10 (depending on shoe) and the large fit me really well.  Here are the pros:- They are the perfect thickness for me.  Not so thin that they offer no insulation in the winter but also not so thick that they are warm in the summer.- The fit and level of elasticity is great.  They are snug and don't ever feel like they are going to fall off my feet or slide down to my heel (I hate it when socks do that) but they are also not overly-snug (I also hate that).  Very comfortable.- They seem to be durable.  I have had these for a while and have washed them many, many times and they are holding up very well.Cons:- I know it is supposed to be a feature, but the Left / Right specification on these makes it harder to sort / match socks when doing the laundry.  Not a huge deal and what you gain is foot-specific fit (which means the toe line models the contour of your feet), but, I figured it is worth mentioning for the sake of thoroughness.At any rate, my experience with these socks has been nothing but positive.  I have taken them on hikes, a trip to Alaska, daily bike rides, etc.", "These socks fit well, are comfortable, and are the best low cut sox that I have ever tried.  I highly recommend them.", "These were a stocking stuffer for my husband and he really loves them.  They are great quality socks. He is quite pleased.", "Bought these for my 13 year old son. This is his style and he loved them.  Nice quality.  Better price than in the retail stores.", "Just like I would have bought them at the store but cheaper, my boyfriend loves them. There is absolutely nothing wrong with them.", "they fit nice he enjoys them very much he wants more they are very warm and they didn't shrink as much as I thought", "Good sock. I have like 30 pairs of elite socks. And they are well made. Recommend these to anyone .", "This is the second time I've got these they fit great and don't get all out of shape after you wash them.", "these are always my go to socks, they last a good long time, i have about 10 pr and rotate them and have had them over 5 yrs.", "go ahead, it's a nice sock, I like the right/left....never had that before. Great for working out or just wearing around.", "These are quality socks that feel great. They actually have LEFT and RIGHT socks, so the fit is excellent. I just wish the sock monster in our house would stop eating them!!!", "These are the most comfortable socks I've ever owned. Even after multiple washes they feel like new when I put them on. Strong elastic and form fitting design makes them a wonderful fit for anyone who is active on their feet.", "Awesome socks, have helped me prevent the blisters I would get on the balls of my feet from jogging that come with cheap socks.", "I normally wear converse high-tops for everything so these shoes took a day or two to get used to. Overall they are a great tennis shoe and are relatively light and comfortable. I would recommend these to any tennis player. Only comment I would make is that they run a bit large so it may be best to order a 1/2 size smaller. My other two pairs of nike basketball shoes are a size 8 but for this shoe I had to order a size 7.5 and they fit perfectly.", "but this shoe fit me exactly how i wanted and is playing perfectly..everything was present in the box thumbs up", "Real shoes cute nice get them their the best trust me i brought a pair so with futher due get these shoes", "These shoes are real !!! Exactly the same as the pair my brother bought in the store !!I'm very happy with my purchase !!", "I love these shoes I wanted them so bad and I must say I was thinking am I gonna get screwed but oh boy was I happy thank you so much", "Just as other Nike shoes. Nice! Good to wear.I like the large air-cushion, but there are very limited choices. This is a good one.", "I got it for  about to be 3 year old son he loves it, Doesnt want to take it off, Plus  his favorite brand is Jordans", "These are great for my son who wears a size 14 shoe.  Other socks don't fit well and are uncomfortable.  These are perfect!", "As described they fit my 15 year old with no problems . Don't know if I would buy again though . They are very pricey", "My boyfriend LOVES these socks. He swears by them. He wears a size 14 and it's so much trouble to find him anything that fits him well. These are well made and long lasting.", "They do, in fact, look like the picture, except the dark purple is more prominent in reality. These have lots of cushion and a wide toe box, with minimal stability features and good flexibility. Just what the doctor ordered.", "Nike is a great brand for my foot, and these slides are no exception.  They fit great and feel good.", "The quality was good.  My problem was the fit was too close and it could not be adjusted as the loop is fixed.  My son wears 9 but this is small.  a size 10 would have been better for this brand", "I loved the way these fit my hubby's feet and being in service, he loves how comfortable they are.  Thanks!", "I loved my similar pair that I was replacing, but when I ran in these for the first time I noticed that they were slightly smaller. Had to purchase a replacement pair in a larger size for an upcoming race and found them at a 20% discount from what I paid for this pair.", "Perfect fit & excellent package. Came with the Nike Box, it is the authentic Nike pair of shoes & the size was excellent, no complains what so ever.", "this item was a 10.5 i bought for my husband, thank god my son is an 11 and loves them.. item runs 1/2 to a size larger.", "Like the classic color.. black and white and leather. Fit just perfect. comfortable and always durable. There are my second pair of tennis for jogging and doing sports.", "Love these shoes!!! They fit great, the design is awesome and they are comfortable too! I would recommend these to anyone who wants a comfy shoe.", "Still waiting to hear on return of funds.Seems like it must be nearly a week.I have been checking my email waiting to see what is my next step", "Nice looking but could not put my foot in them they run very narrow so I could not even try them on....got a pair of Nike the other day 71/2 and they fit,I love Nike shoe just wished they would have fit sending back", "I always loved Nike shoes, and these don't disappoint. They look amazing and are comfortable for all day use. Will strongly recommend.", "Felt like putting on a good fitting glove!  Love them. I did order a 1/2 size larger than my reg. shoe size. Lots of support!", "I really should have known better than to orders shoes on line. I had to return them .To tight through the toe area.", "I love them, they fit snug but my feet felt good in them.  I would definitely recommended these shoes to anyone.", "Im working out and hiking every day, tried different shoe, different nike also, but this is the only nike or any shoe what is fit, comfy from the first use.Highly recommended", "My daughter absolutely loves these shoes.  She teaches college and does a tremendous amount of walking.  These shoes make it so much better for her", "As others have said these shoes are very padded. Like abnormally padded. I would definitely size up. Makes me disappointed. Did not return as the fit me correctly length wise but are very tight.", "I love these and am so glad I went up a 1/2 size! They are so comfortable and love the way they fit me!", "Was looking for socks with a little extra cushion but not too bulky.  These filled the bill!  Really like them.", "Nice socks.  I got these for my brother-in-law for Christmas, and he wanted heavy cotton socks.  These were perfect, and I like the different colors in one package.", "These socks are rated for shoe size up to 12.  I wear size 11 and I can barely get these socks on!They are too small, and since the elastic is not stretchy at all, it's really hard to get on my feet.The one plus is that they look nice.", "The sneaker heads below who stated that these shoes are fake couldn't be more wrong.  These shoes are 100% authentic and came in the same packaging as if I would have purchased them from a retail store.  Shoes have the same new shoe smell that you expect from a new pair of shoes.  If you are looking for these deadstock Retro 11 Gammas, you have come to the right place.  I am extremely  with my purchase and would purchase from this seller again.", "Love the shoes thanks alot . The only complaint i have is that that took to long to get here,", "Comfortable shoes that match majority of my athletic wardrobe!! These shoes are of great quality! My mom tried to steal them from me, luckily she can't wear my size.", "Super comfy, stylish, bright and catchy! Amazing color and comfortability. Size is as expected. Usually i'm 7,5 and these shoes fit perfectly. So happy with my purchase", "Very comfortable as expected. Get the size you wear because with wear time they will stretch and eventually crease at toe line. So i suggest what size you wear is the size to pick..", "Got this for my old lady, they look nice and fit well, but they are uncomfortable when you work out,", "She loves these shoes. she had be looking for them for a while. They were a great Christmas present for her this year.", "My son has been wanting these for awhile. If they are durable and cool enough for my 13 year old- then they are a great find!", "I had no problem returning this item.  I ordered a 9.5 and they were too small, 10 would have been a better fit - but not available.  My son has a pair and they look good and he loves them.", "Love them! Each Jordan flip flop style fits differently. This particular style is awesome! My son is a size 11 and he also drags his feet! This style tightens enough so that the shoe actually &#34;hugs&#34; his feet! The construction is amazing! The shoe is worth every penny! My son will have these flip flops for the next 5 years! Lastly, order the size of this flip flop that you currently wear because this shoe, actually all Jordan flip flops are sized correctly.. is you go up a half size..they will be too big! Love the product! Love Amazon too!", "Comfortable! Shipment was on time. Thank you. It is great on running. Color is great & fits for comfort to my feet.", "I like the style of the shoe, but it doesn't fit as I hoped.im going to change the size , hopefully they will fit better", "These are the best looking, most comfortable sneakers I have ever worn. I'm buying another pair with different color scheme immediately", "My son is 5,and he started playing basketball this year and he loves these shoes! Great shoes, great price! Good", "Purple is my favorite color and purple Air Force 1 is purely work of art, not to mention the timing of the delivery.", "This is my sons 1st pair of metal cleats and he really likes them. Will buy again when these are to small.", "He loved these air maxes in the blue and gray. the color was unique and they arrived in new condition. perfect gift.", "I've been running in Pegasus shoes since they first showed up in the 80s. They always fit and this pair is no exception.", "The shipping was good with great customer service, but by the time I got them, I didn't want them anymore. However, they look exactly as pictured and are indeed the real thing.", "This is a nice show but not ideal for people with wide feet. Nike shoes usually do well with stretching out after worn a few times but if you have wide feet, they will be uncomfortable at first.", "These shoes are great. I like shoes with a simple color design and these are not only comfy, but sharp to look at.", "Good morning, i want to know why these shoes don't have the space for chip in any shoe. I am wondering if is a factory default or anything else.Thanks a lot", "These sneakers will fit your size exactly, even though it is kind of a tight fit. Ordering a 1/2 size down from your regular size may make this shoe too small for you. Other than that, the shoe is good. These are some nice classic Nike sneakers. I'm a big fan of air maxes.", "He wears a 10.5 in Nike everything else (not wide or narrow special sized) and these are particularly tight starting at the base of his toes. They are actually uncomfortable for him to wear; so, consider ordering WIDE, even if its not typical for you", "It looks great! It fits tight, but I ordered it one size too small. It will fit perfect after the holiday's.", "I love Nike products but this particular sweatshirt is too short. It fits everywhere else but just isn't long enough for my taste.", "I LOVE the shoes. they look just like the picture and feel amazing. the stupid company sent me the wrong color. the product is great tho, just beware they might send the wrong color but if they do they pay for returns and stuff like that.", "i consider this shoe rating because when i first got it the box was perfect as soon as i open the box, the laneys was fresh, no creases, scuff marks, nothing.I personally love this shoe becasue its light work something you can put on real quick and look flyyyyy.I would recommend his sneaker to my brother because he is a sneakerhead also lmaoo", "Ok, I think these shoes are over priced.  They are nice shoes but $200 for a pair of sneakers is simply rediculous.  My kid loves them, and is already asking for another color.  I guess that means they are doing the job.", "I bought it as a gift for my husband and it is exactly what I expected.Shipped on time.Thank you very much.", "Nice sweatshirt, good quality, looks just like the pic but seems to run very small.  it probably runs about 2 sizes too small.", "Good quality shorts a little long but I guess &#34;real&#34; soccer shorts are supposed to be? My daughter is petite.", "My Son got these shoes for Christmas.. he hasn't tried them on the field yet..but they fit perfectly, and he is very happy with them.", "My son loves his new Air Max. Thank you. They are made well and he loves the colors. Good quality.", "Socks are perfect weight. They don't slide and colors stay bright. They have just enough sock showing above my sneaker that they add to the style of my workout clothes.", "My granddaughter has these and wears them everywhere.  Brought these for myself and are very comfortable and fit perfect.Like the color as well.", "They are nice. Was surprised by the color.Just a little small. Should have gotten a size bigger. That's my only issue", "They fit perfectly and are very comfortable for Spring The color was as expected and perfectfor going to the Gym.", "Fit was awful. 3 different girls tried them on.  Still not a good fit. Returned them. Also took too long to get them.", "Runs small but typical of Nike gear.  Wonderful material and very nice looking pant.  These pants are very nice, would order again.", "I purchased two pairs of these and am very happy with both of them. The fit is perfect and they wash up nicely. Highly recommend this product.", "Soft fabric, easy to wash and dry. It has become one of my son's favorite t-shirts and he gets lots of compliments when he wears it.", "Very comfortable. It almost feels like there is nothing in my feet because they feel so light and fit perfectly.", "Too short.  Thought they would come up higher.  Good quality just not what I was expecting but they will work.", "My son loves these socks. He's not a huge fan of socks that go up too high and these were the perfect length. He likes the bright colors and they fit great. Great Nike quality and good price, too.", "My son wanted the Nike high performance socks for Christmas but I couldn't see spending over $17 a pair for socks. Then I stumbled across these and it was cheaper for a 3 pack than 1 pair. These may not be the popular high performance socks that the rich kids are wearing, but not everyone can afford spending that kind of money for socks. These are Nike and a great price for a 3 pack.", "my son enjoyed them very much they was a lil small he wears a 3 in boys they fir until I wash them then they got smaller so if you buy them get bigger I was goin to but the next size up would of been to big but he enjoys them", "The laces cut painfully into the top of my foot through the thin, unpadded cloth of the tongue, and that was with fairly thick socks on pacing in the living room. Walking down hill would have been hell. Poor functional design, all style, no brains. Returned them.", "I've been a NIKE girl for the entirety of my adult life, and for good reason. Nike is serious about promoting the health and quality of their customer's lives. They produce quality products to insure we accomplish our health goals safely and with the greatest degree of comfort! With NIKE, there's no excuse NOT to JUST DO IT! THANK YOU NIKE!", "love playing ball in them. good ankle support. good traction. but gotta keep em clean cause they look good in the club too!", "They are just as I expected them.... my husband really loves them... I bought my son one  a couple of months ago and I was so pleased with the product I decided to buy this one..", "Shoes fit perfect for my lil man. He's been playing basketball and doesn't complain about his shoes. Bought them due to the height to protect his ankles.", "This sweatshirt has all the halllmarks of a quality Nike garment - good fabric, inside fleece just the right thickness, and I LOVE the full size kangaroo pocket. This was exactly what I wanted - half zip with no hood and the kangaroo pocket. However, note this runs a full size small. I own lots and lots of Nike sportswear purchased over the last 20 years. I ordered XL, as normally do in a top.It is NOT an XL, it is a Large. Wearing it over another tee, even a tank, is not an option. I don't know if this is something in sizing difference for the British market, since the only place I found this to order was an the Amazon UK site. But if you order, order a full size larger than normal.", "I loved the Nike Air Cage Courts; wide fitting and comfortable.The Nike Air Max Cage is totally different! It's much more narrow in the heel/arch area. I got blisters from this shoe after 30 minutes of playing, because the arch is extremely narrow!! When you lift the insert, you see the width is only 2 inches!!I should have taken a hint from the tenniswarehouse video review, playtesters saying the heel didn't fit right. Now I know what they were referring too.. The arch pushes and pokes you on the side in the arch to heel area, because it's too narrow and high.Summary: A nice dress up shoe, NOT a sport shoe! Unless you like blisters on the side of your foot.", "\"Air Max Cage\" shoes (maroon one and grey/black one) have low arch support by default for me. I have \"medium\" height arches and much prefer SuperFeet sole insert (green one) which mold to my feet. (It seems from 2-star review that sole insert, and/or insole, in \"Air Cage Court\" must be even flatter than that in Air Max Cage.)I find Air Max Cage to be just right in width. Unlike too-narrow-in-toebox Asics Gel Game, these don't hold onto sweat.My only problem is that heel area near the top loosens eventually, creating ever lasting \"loose\" feel of the shoe. Tightening the laces near the top helps temporarily.Also, I would have preferred if these would have \"stability claw\" like feature of Adidas Barricade 7 or 8 (last I tried, darn thing was too narrow).Despite that I found this shoe much better in overall comfort & fit. I had tried in 2012 also Adidas Barricade, Nike City Court, possibly others at Sports Authority; all of them were either tight in toebox; seemed like would cause sweaty feet; or, had bad arch support. (If it is not obvious, there is no good tennis shoe shop locally.)Currently I play (practice & lessons mostly) on hard court for about 2-4.5 hours a week.", "I should have waited to see it in person. I was a little overwhelmed by color. I like neon but this was an overload. For those that enjoy bright bright colors, this one is for u. Cool sneaker, good fit, good price.", "Cool, masculine feel of heavy crude and they do black out tough punggyeo a man inside the shoes feel comfortable ankle held up well for being so harsh man seemingly come out of feeling buried. Report comfortable and stylish shoes that just bought around like a good.", "The sneakers were just what he wanted&#8230;.he told me.  I have seen him runinng in the park and think he surely could not hide with these sneakers on .", "these shoes were different look--which is what i was looking for.  the fit is perfect and i really like them", "When i take on shoes, i grow taller!Very confortable and sooo cute!!!!My foosize is woman 6.This shoe is 5.", "these are the best/cheap nikes i purchased in a long time. they fit great and they looks better than the picture", "My 14 year old loves these!! Very well made, excellent fit. Worth the money!  These will last for a long time I'm sure!", "I usually wear a 9 so I ordered the black/red in a 9 they were way too tight. I ended up giving that pair to my Mom and ordered the black/anthracite in a 10. These boots are very comfortable and warm which is what I need living in WI. They are good with water/snow. My feet were not immersed in water but normal walking my feet have not gotten wet and I haven't worn socks with these shoes yet.", "I love the way this sandal fits and supports the arc of my feet.  Wearing these sandals feels like a massage.  Especially after a long day at work.  Design is sleek and simple but looks great.", "Excellent material! Simple design but very comfortable and attractive. I do recommend these to those people who are looking for something simple but classy. I don&#8217;t know if they work during winter time because I live in Venezuela and winter for us is just a rainy season. However, the water shield system does work. An awesome choice!!", "these boots are high quality and very good looking. im very happy with my purchase.i would buy these again. thank you", "These shoes are always very comfortable and last for a long time. They are my fourth pair. Great quality and style!", "I have purchased items on amazon for many years and this will be the second bad review I have given. I have always been happy with my purchases. This shoe is a nice looking shoe however if you are going for comfort this is not the shoe to buy. I have owed several Nike Shox sneakers and I have to say these feel like knock offs. They are uncomfortable. after standing on my feet for just 3 hours my feet are exhausted and sore.", "Like this boot as replacement for dressier chukkas to wear to work or out for a casual evening.  Got an extra pair of socks with the order.", "It was my first time ordering shoes through Amazon, I was a little skeptical.  But the shoe's were great and they fit great.", "because it's a very nice shoe the design and comfort is very detailed  plus the penny one cent logo ang the air force one combine is epic", "They were exactly what they said they was and the fit perfect and I will buy again in the near future", "Great shoes ! Fashionable and really comfortable . Good quality , stabile in ur feet and gives u a retro feeling", "I received them yesterday and they fit so comfortable I didn't want to take them off. Besides being comfortable they are so pretty and sexy. Can't wait for warm weather so I can wear my short pants with these Nikes. I love the way my legs look in them. So if you are looking for a good women's sneaker for running or just walking around and looking cutie, I highly recommend these Nike Women's Air Max 90.", "These shoes look as they do in the picture. Clean look.  The fit seems pretty narrow to me. The length seems accurate. May need to get longer laces if the fit seems narrow. Overall, I like them.", "I purchased my shoes at DSW actually but I thought I'd give a review of these shoes.  99% of the time I fit into size 10.5.  These shoes fit my feet perfectly in size 10.5.These are very uniquely styled and designed shoes in a few different ways.  All of the material is extremely thin and lightweight.  I've never owned anything like them before.I love to use these for floor training (HIIT and cross-fit).  I also use these to ride the recumbent bicycle.  Typical running type shoes have wide soles making getting into those toe clips a little difficult.  I don't have that problem with these.I've worn these for a few hours now after my workout.  They breathe really well.  Extremely comfortable and flexible.The shoe strings are a bit long for my liking.  Other than that, I'm extremely satisfied with my purchase and hope they last!I bought the black on grey style.", "this is one of their tried and true shoes and it is worth every penny. Great comfortable shoe. I love it", "My daughter likes the shoes and usually gets the same size in Nikes.  But unfortunately this style seems to run small.  We'll return them but get the same style (hopefully the next size up is in stock).  Otherwise, the package arrived on time for the holidays when it was a last-minute order.", "You can buy the shoe cheaper on finish line .com. I was not happy when I seen that it was cheaper at finish line because I could of just ordered finish line gift cards and saved money.", "I love these shirts! My son is 2 years old and these are a &#34;little big&#34; but its great because he can actually wear them now and then grow &#34;into them&#34;.... Love love love them. Super thin so they are great for the upcoming summer months plus I could have put a thicker long sleeved shirt under them in the winter...", "The shirt is warm and fits how true to size.  It is everything you expect from a nike product at any store.", "This is a very clean shoe and real too. Definitly real shoe would recommand shoe addicts to buy these shoes", "Look at the jumpman its crooked I have a pair from the store and the jumpman is in line w the bottom of the shoe", "I bought the jacket for my wife and she loves it.  The jacket is of th highest quality and fits perfectly.  Great Item!!!!!!!!", "Im never sure my Grandkids will like my picks,however my Grandson luv these shoes. The color is muted and can go with any outfit. Who knew Grandma could pick a good pair of shoes. My son in law luvs these shoes so Im getting him a pair for birthday", "Great colors, the blue and red combinations its unique, i like the way the mixed,very confortable, I love it.", "Great shoes and they're the Nike + so you can put the Apple interface in the bottom of the shoe for keeping track of your walking, jogging, etc.  Interfaces with iPhones for $20.00 sensor that fits in sole.  Fit great and comfortable.", "I liked very much, but those are a bit small or maybe my feet is to big, anyway those are great", "Luv these shoes, dese are super sporty...I own like 12 pair of tennis shoes, these are the best by far", "These Nike Air Max shoes are by far and away the most comfortable pair I own.A few years back, I broke the arch of my foot in a freak accident.  Ever since I have had a painful time in any pair of shoes.  These shoes have literally made a painful walk into a painless experience.Not only are they top quality, but they look awesome and the different color schemes available are all great.", "Tried them on and they were so so big. And I also was dissappointed in the colors they looked more like a man's tennis shoe.", "We bought these shoes, as suggested for good arch support, by my daughter's sports ortho doctor.  They are really helping to relieve the pain and tension in her achilles tendon and calves.  Great product!!", "SOOOOO COMFY AWESOME COLORS I WISH I WOULD HAVE WENT AND TRIED THEM ON BEFORE I BOUGHT THEM BECAUSE THEY MATERIAL IS VERY LOOSE NOT LEATHER LIKE THE REST OF MY AIR MAX SO A LITTLE LOOSE BUT I WILL DEAL WITH IT!!", "These shoes look aggressive & they fit great! They're extremely comfortable too. As always, Nike is the best in this business!", "I wanted a different size shoe I wanted a 8 in girls or 5.5 in Boys I was wondering how to return things", "I got up early out my comfy bed to get these shoes.  I never had a pair before but when I saw these I fell in love && I had to have them! Well anyways I went to the mall && didn't get them then I ordered them online && I got them in a timely manner they fit perfect I LOVEEEEE THEM", "I got this set for my son who is about to turn 3 and he really loves them. They are very thick and warm plus comfortable. His feet stay warm with theses on", "I purchased these shoes because they had a good rating on Tennis Warehouse.  They fit and feel great, but they do not provide the required stability.  I wore them in a tennis match and turned my ankle.  I am very lucky I didn't end up with a severe injury.  I am afraid to wear them now.  I don't usually have any ankle problems so I do blame the shoe.Of course, the seller won't allow them to be returned as they don't consider this a defect and since I wore them once I am out of luck. I wasn't surpised by that.  I'll just keep them for casual wear.  This is a lot of money to spend for a shoe I can't use for tennis.DO NOT BUY this shoe.", "THIS TENNIS SHOES IS THE BEST THAT FIT WELL. VERY NICE PRODUCT, COMFORTABLE AND PRACTICAL. EXCELLENT.I REALLY LOVED THIS SHOES.", "My husband usually wears a 10.5 but we bought these in a 10 and they fit perfect. He said they are very cozy.", "I like these for my 3yr old & he loves them too....they made a great 3rd birthday gift for him.", "awesome. wanted the cheaper leather ones but couldn't find them. I guess it's not a bad thing to have the pricer suede ones.", "bought these for my boyfriend they got hear good fast and they are perfect really recomend these if you need some", "These shoes fit perfect. This is my second pair. I hope they continue to make them because if I knew they were going to discontent hem I would buy another pair too", "Just got these in and they look just as good as they do in the picture! Got them for my boyfriend for his birthday and he loves them. He won't be wearing them til the snow melts though! Good buy.", "HAVE THESE IN EVERY COLOR AND CAN'T HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM ENOUGH.  THEY FIT AS EXPECTED, SO COMFORTABLE ESPECIALLY BETWEEN TOES AND THE FOOT PADDING IS EXTREMELY COMFORTABLE.  I WEAR THEM ALL DAY.  THEY ARE MY FAVORITE THONG SANDALS EVER.  I WISH THEY MADE MORE COLORS.", "This is a very comfortable and light shoe. Great running shoe. The color is beautiful and unique, just like the photo. Highly recommended!", "I ordered this shoe because it looked like a good training racing spike (I actually race in the Zoom Ja Fly's, which I highly recommend) however, when it came in the mail I could hardly even fit my foot into it because it runs so small. I'm not exactly sure why, I wear a size 11 in every shoe I have (even the Ja Fly) and it was just obscenely small. I would recommend getting a size larger than what you are because these shoes are extremely small.", "My son loves &#34;softy-softy&#34;.  He has since he was a little kid.  As a toddler he wore an extraordinarily soft set of Gymboree clothing twice a week for a year until it &#34;accidentally&#34; got tossed in the trash (I couldn't look at it anymore - not to mention it was getting practically threadbare due to its twice weekly washing).This Nike sweatshirt is the perfect blend of 'softy-softy' and 'cool guy' (hey, it's got the same swoop Kobe wears!) aura that a self-respecting seven year old first grader needs.  The color is great (stains barely show so twice weekly washes are a thing of the past!), the sweatshirt is soft on the inside (even after multiple washings - it's black but it still needs a cleaning on occasion), and the size is large enough to keep him comfortable, but small enough that it's not overly bulky, and it can be worn under a coat.It's a softy-softy that we can all love.", "Wrong size an terrible. Fabric. Start peeling da second wk I bought it jus mad but they are cute on line", "My husband really loves these. The fit is a bit small but he can still wear them easily. Fast shipping.", "I bought these and they are awesome.  Extremely comfortable and lots of support and the icing on the cake is they look phenomenal.  These are some of the coolest shoes I've ever owned."]